{1: {instructions: Toss ingredients lightly and spoon into a buttered baking dish. Top with additional crushed cracker crumbs, and brush with melted butter. Bake in a preheated at 350 degrees oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until delicately browned., ingredients: [12 cup celery, finely chopped, 1 small green pepper finely chopped, 12 cup finely sliced green onions, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 pound crabmeat, 1 14 cups coarsely crushed cracker crumbs, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoons dry mustard, Dash hot sauce, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup melted butter], title: Grammie Hamblets Deviled Crab, picturelink: null}, 2: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the steak with salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a large Dutch oven preferably enameled cast iron over mediumhigh heat, render the bacon until just starting to crisp, 6 to 7 minutes, stirring as needed. Remove 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat and set aside. Add the onions and jalapenos and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes more. Add in the garlic cook 1 to 2 minutes. Remove all from the pot to a small bowl. Set aside.nWipe down the inside of the pot, add the reserved 1 tablespoon bacon fat and, when starting to smoke, add in 13 to 12 of the steak and cook, stirring as needed until just starting to brown, about 8 minutes. Remove to the vegetable bowl, repeat with the remaining steak.nOnce the steak is cooked, deglaze with 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar. Then return all the vegetables and cooked steak back to the pot and add in the beans, including the liquid in the can. Add the molasses, brown sugar, soy and ketchup, and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer over low heat, cover and cook for 2 hours, stirring every 20 to 30 minutes to assure that the bottom doesnt stick.nAdd in more apple cider vinegar, a few tablespoons at a time to personal taste, and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [2 pounds skirt steak, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 4 to 6 slices thickcut applewood smoked bacon, 14inch diced about 1 cup, 1 12 cups 14inch diced red onion, 12 cup seeded and finely diced jalapenos 2 medium, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons fresh cracked black pepper, Apple cider vinegar, best quality, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, with liquid, 1 15ounce can lima beans, with liquid, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, with liquid, 13 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 13 cup ketchup, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Infineon Raceway Baked Beans, picturelink: Ja5uaD8Q7m7vvtWwk2.48dr1eCreqi}, 3: {instructions: In a large saucepan, let the beans soak in enough cold water to cover for 1 hour and drain. Return the beans to the pan with the 8 cups of water and garlic. Bring the water to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until tender, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat. Add the pepper, onion, and cumin and cook, stirring, until softened.nDrain the beans and reserve 12 cup of them. Add the remaining beans to the pepper mixture with the remaining 14 cup water, and simmer, covered, until very tender, about 15 minutes.nIn a food processor, blend bean mixture with the vinegar and pulse until well combined but not pureed smooth. Season the dip with salt, pepper, and vinegar. Transfer to a serving bowl, and stir in the reserved 12 cup beans. Let the dip cool to room temperature or chill.nWhen to serve, garnish the dip with the reserved bell pepper, onion, tomato, chile, cilantro leaves, and sour cream. Serve with the tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried black beans, picked over and rinsed, 8 cups water, plus 14 cup, 2 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large green bell pepper, finely chopped, reserving about 1 teaspoon for garnish, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, reserving about 1 teaspoon for garnish, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 plum tomato, finely chopped, 1 small red chile, finely chopped, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Dollop sour cream, for garnish, Serving Suggestion: Tortilla chips], title: Southwestern Black Bean Dip, picturelink: null}, 4: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrown the ground chuck in a large skillet. Drain the fat, and then add the tomato sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper. Stir, and then simmer while you prepare the other ingredients.nCook the egg noodles until al dente. Drain and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the sour cream and cottage cheese. Add plenty of freshly ground black pepper and a pinch of red pepper flakes. Add to the noodles and stir. Add the green onions and stir.nTo assemble, add half of the noodles to a baking dish. Top with half the meat mixture, and then sprinkle on half the grated Cheddar. Repeat with noodles, meat and then a final layer of cheese. Bake until all the cheese is melted, about 20 minutes.nServe with crusty French bread.nTo freeze: Assemble the Sour Cream Noodle Bake in a disposable aluminum ovenproof pan and seal the top of the container with the lid or heavy foil. Seal the edges to prevent freezer burn and place in the freezer.nTo cook from frozen: Place directly in a 375degree F oven and bake, covered, for 45 minutes. Remove the lid and bake until lightly brown and bubbly, about 20 minutes more., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground chuck, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces egg noodles, 12 cup sour cream, 1 14 cups small curd cottage cheese, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup sliced green onions less to taste, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, Crusty French bread, for serving], title: Sour Cream Noodle Bake, picturelink: nmWxalB.VjEZSa0iX9RuZ8xI51Y7bS}, 5: {instructions: Special equipment: sushi matnCook the brown rice and quinoa in 3 cups of water 3540 min.. Bring to a boil for 2 minutes and then reduce heat. Do not stir. Once cooked, remove the lid and drape a tea towel over grain for 10 minutes to cool. Transfer the grain to a ceramic or wood bowl, using a wood paddle to fluff the grain. Mix together the sushi vinegar by combining 2 tablespoons of rice vinegar and 1 tablespoon of honey. Add sushi vinegar slowly to prevent sticking.nPlace a sheet of nori on a sushi mat. Cover the entire sheet with grain, leaving an inch on the bottom and top. Add fillings across the center of the roll. Make sure theyre evenly distributed and do not over stuff. Tap a wet finger across the top flap of the nori sheet to ensure a good seal and roll the mat with a firm squeeze. Slice in 12inch slices with an extra sharp knife. Enjoy with wasabi, ginger and a dab of tamari., ingredients: [1 cup rice, brown, mediumgrain, cooked, 12cup quinoa, 23cup sweet red peppers, raw, 4 oz. white tuna, canned in water, drained solids, 2 Tbs. seaweed or kelp, raw, 12cup shiitake mushrooms, cooked without salt, 12cup carrots, raw, 12cup cucumber with peel, raw, 12 oriental radish, 7 inches long, raw, 1 Tbs. sesame seed kernels, toasted without added salt], title: Sushi Renovation, picturelink: null}, 6: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Add the eggplant rounds and season with 14 teaspoon salt. Cover and cook until brown on the bottoms, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and, working quickly, flip each eggplant round and top with a dollop of hummus and a cherry tomato quarter, roundedside down. Cover and cook until heated through and the bottoms are golden brown, about 7 minutes.nTransfer to a platter using a spatula. Sprinkle with the parsley and lemon zest and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 baby Italian eggplants about 6 ounces each, unpeeled, cut into 8 rounds each, Kosher salt, 12 cup roasted garlic hummus or other prepared hummus, 4 cherry or grape tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: MiddleEastern Eggplant Rounds, picturelink: ibuqgKBoAYj7a086htYaHYu2M4N3pS}, 7: {instructions: Sprinkle the saffron into 14 cup hot water let sit 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 2 cups water, the sugar and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the orange zest and carrot, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and transfer to a bowl set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, cinnamon stick, cardamom, allspice, cumin and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the rice and 34 teaspoon salt and stir to coat. Add 3 cups water, increase the heat to medium high and simmer until the water has mostly evaporated, about 4 minutes. Cover the pot with foil and the lid, reduce the heat to low and cook until the water is completely absorbed, about 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pistachios and almonds and cook until just lightly golden, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the dried cranberries and apricots, and 1 tablespoon of the prepared saffron water stir to combine, then transfer to a bowl and set aside for topping.nUncover the rice and fluff with a fork discard the cinnamon stick and cardamom pods. Transfer about half of the rice to a serving bowl. Add the remaining saffron water, 1 tablespoon butter and the reserved orange peel and carrot to the rice in the pot and stir gently. Add the yellow rice to the white rice and gently toss sprinkle with the pistachio mixture and parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 teaspoon lightly crumbled saffron threads, 13 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 2 wide strips orange zest, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, shredded, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 green cardamom pods, Small pinch of ground allspice, Small pinch of ground cumin, 2 cups basmati rice, rinsed well, 13 cup pistachios, 13 cup blanched almonds, roughly chopped, 13 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup dried apricots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Saffron Jewel Rice, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 8: {instructions: If using topsliced buns, spread softened butter on outsides if using hamburger buns, butter insides. Heat a griddle or heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot and toast buns, buttered sides only, until light brown. Divide lobster meat among buns and either drizzle melted butter over lobster or dollop with mayonnaise mixture., ingredients: [4 topsliced hotdog buns or fashion your own topsliced buns from bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups coarsely chopped cooked lobster from about 3 114 pound lobsters, cool but not cold, 4 tablespoons melted butter or 3 tablespoons mayonnaise mixed with 2 tablespoons minced celery], title: Maine Lobster Rolls, picturelink: null}, 9: {instructions: Cut around the stems of the peppers reserving the stem caps, remove the seeds, wash and drain the peppers. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan, add the onions and pine nuts and saute until onions are soft and golden, 10 to 15 minutes, seasoning with salt to taste. Add the rice, and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and cook a minute longer, then add the currants, mint, sugar and nutmeg. Add the hot water and lemon juice, adjust seasonings, and bring to a boil. Cover and simmer over low heat until all the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let rice stand for 5 to 10 minutes to cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nStuff the peppers loosely with the rice mixture, and close them with the reserved caps. Place stuffed peppers side by side in a baking dish and drizzle with olive oil. Add a little water to the baking dish, cover and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until peppers are tender and rice is fully cooked, adding more water to dish if needed. Squeeze lemon juice over the peppers and serve warm or room temperature with remaining lemon wedges., ingredients: [6 green or red bell peppers, 12 cup olive oil, 3 onions, finely chopped, 14 cup pine nuts, Salt, 1 cup uncooked white rice, 2 tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup currants, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 34 cups hot water, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Olive oil for drizzling, Lemon wedges for garnish], title: Stuffed Peppers with Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 10: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the cauliflower on a baking sheet and scatter the garlic on top. Melt the butter in a medium skillet and toss 2 tablespoons with the cauliflower and garlic set the rest aside in the skillet. Toss the cauliflower with 1 teaspoon of the salt. Roast until the cauliflower is quite tender and the edges are starting to brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the cauliflower to a serving bowl.nReheat the remaining butter over mediumhigh heat until brown. Add the bread crumbs and cook, swirling the pan and tossing, until they are brown and crispthis should take less than 1 minute. Pull the pan from the heat and toss the crumbs with the parsley and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt. Spoon crumbs over the cauliflower and season with pepper. Serve warm or room temperature with lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [1 medium head cauliflower about 2 pounds, cut into bitesize florets, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 13 cup fresh bread crumbs see KnowHow, below, 3 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges], title: Cauliflower with Brown Butter and Crispy Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 11: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat 3 cups of chicken stock. In 2 batches, coarsely puree the roasted vegetables and the chicken stock in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pour the soup back into the pot and season, to taste. Thin with more chicken stock and reheat. The soup should be thick but not like a vegetable puree, so add more chicken stock andor water until its the consistency you like.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16 to 20quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and discard the solids. Chill the stock overnight. The next day, remove the surface fat. Use immediately or pack in containers and freeze for up to 3 months.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the carrots, parsnips, sweet potato, and butternut squash in 1 to 1 14inch cubes. All the vegetables will shrink while baking, so dont cut them too small.nPlace all the cut vegetables in a single layer on 2 sheet pans. Drizzle them with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss well. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until all the vegetables are tender, turning once with a metal spatula.nSprinkle with parsley, season to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [3 to 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, recipe follows, 1 quart Roasted Winter Vegetables, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 5pound roasting chickens, 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled, quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled, halved, 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled, cut in 12, optional, 20 sprigs fresh parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 20 sprigs fresh dill, 1 head garlic, unpeeled, cut in 12 crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 1 pound carrots, peeled, 1 pound parsnips, peeled, 1 large sweet potato, peeled, 1 small butternut squash about 2 pounds, peeled and seeded, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Roasted Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 12: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer with lid or a Dutch ovennMix the sweet chili sauce, rice vinegar, fish sauce, ginger, garlic powder, garlic and pepper in a mixing bowl with a whisk until the ingredients are incorporated set aside.nFill a fryer or large Dutch oven with oil according to the manufacturers instructions heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Working in 2 batches, carefully drop the chicken wings into the fryer, and cover it with a lid. Fry the wings until they are golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a clean bowl. Drizzle the Thai sweetandsour sauce over the wings., ingredients: [2 cups sweet chili sauce, 1 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Coarse black pepper, for seasoning, 1 gallon shortening oil, for frying, 18 to 24 chicken wings, cleaned and dried], title: Thai Sweet and Sour Wings, picturelink: NbInJ2kkQ6X8lGNBKj8hADurzDLigcy}, 13: {instructions: MIX ingredients in 2qt. microwaveable bowl.nMICROWAVE on HIGH 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min.nSERVE with assorted cutup fresh vegetables, WHEAT THINS Original Crackers or tortilla chips.nRoTel is a product of ConAgra Foods, Inc., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 can 10 oz. ROTEL Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained], title: VELVEETA Famous Queso Dip, picturelink: lDoTUA1FP2BYbLy3s1h5s1OfAvA4LkG}, 14: {instructions: 1. Pierce the meat all over with a fork and place in a large resealable plastic bag. Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the Worcestershire, vinegar, garlic and whole rosemary. Seal the bag, pushing out all the air. Shake the bag a few times and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight.n2. Preheat the broiler and line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil. Remove the meat from the marinade and pat dry. Sprinkle both sides with 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Broil, flipping once, until the internal temperature reaches 125 degrees F, about 13 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board, tent with foil and let rest at least 15 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the bacon, stirring, until crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown and tender, about 10 minutes. Add the breadcrumbs, butter, chopped rosemary and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until the breadcrumbs are golden brown, another 3 minutes. Set aside.n4. Stir together the sour cream and horseradish and season with salt and pepper. Slice the steak against the grain, top with the mushrooms and garnish with the chopped parsley. Serve with the horseradish sauce on the side., ingredients: [One 2 to 2 12pound 1 12inchthick London broil, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 whole sprigs rosemary plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 strip bacon, chopped about 12 ounce, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, halved, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared drained horseradish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: BalsamicMarinated Steak and Unstuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 15: {instructions: Cut the duck in quarters and remove the drumstick tips. Season with 1 teaspoon each of the salt and pepper, rub all over with the garlic and place a piece of cinnamon stick on each quarter. Let sit at room temperature 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nTransfer the duck to an ovenproof frying pan along with the chicken or other fat. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, cover with foil and transfer to the oven. Bake 1 hour and 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, lift the duck from the fat and remove and discard the skin. Cover with a wet towel until serving time. To reserve, store the duck in the cooking fat and refrigerate up to a week.nTo reheat the duck, remove from the fat if necessary, and place on a rack in a tightly covered pan. Warm in a 325 degree oven for about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the lime onions, heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over high heat. Saute the onions, stirring frequently, until just wilted but not browned. Toss with the lime juice and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and l2 teaspoon pepper. Keep warm. The onions can be made a day in advance and refrigerated. Reheat before serving.nTo serve, spread a bed of lentils on each serving plate. Top with a piece of duck and smother with the warm onions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 5pound duck, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 cinnamon sticks, halved, 4 cups chicken or duck fat or lard, 13 cup olive oil, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, Spiced Pineapple Lentils, recipe follows, warmed], title: Braised Duck with Spiced Lentils and Lime Onions, picturelink: null}, 16: {instructions: For Pie Dough:nCombine flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and sugar. Using the paddle of an electric mixer or a pastry cutter, cut in the butter and shortening until mixture resembles small peas. Pour the vanilla extract over the dough. Pour ice water, a little at a time, over the dough, and mix lightly until the dough comes together. Separate dough into 2 pieces and flatten each piece like a pancake. Wrap each piece of dough separately in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nFor Pie Filling:nCombine rhubarb and strawberries in a big bowl. Combine sugar, flour and scraped vanilla bean seeds and mix in with fruit mixture. Let sit while rolling pie dough.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Butter a 9inch glass pie plate. Roll 12 pie dough to approximately 18inch thick and about 1 inch larger than the pie plate. Fit in into the pie pan leaving the overlap intact. Fill with fruit filling and dot top with 2 tablespoons of unsalted butter. Brush beaten egg with pastry brush around the rim of the pie. Roll out the remaining dough and make a lattice top. Crimp the edges. Brush lattice with beaten egg. Do not brush the edge of the piethis will cause the dough to become too dark while baking. Generously sprinkle with crystal sugar. Bake for 10 minutes. Lower oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for an additional hour. Pie is done when golden brown and juices bubbling from pie appear thickened., ingredients: [2 14 cups all purpose flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup butter, cut in small pieceswellchilled or frozen, 12 cup vegetable shortening, cut in small pieceswellchilled or frozen, 5 tablespoons ice water, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 pounds of fresh rhubarb, sliced into 1inch pieces, 2 pints of fresh strawberries, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups white sugar, 4 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons crystallized sugar or granulated sugar, 1 whole egg, beaten], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: null}, 17: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400degrees.nDip chicken in egg, then bread crumbs, coating well. Arrange chicken in 13 x 9inch baking dish.nBake 20 minutes. Top chicken with prosciutto, then 112 cups pasta sauce. Top with mozzarella cheese. Bake an additional 10 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Serve over hot spaghetti tossed with remaining heated sauce. Sprinkle, if desired, with parmesan cheese shavings., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 1 egg, slightly beaten, 34 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto or deli boiled ham, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, 8 ounces spaghetti, cooked and drained], title: Baked Chicken Saltimbocca, picturelink: nCa4thC1KIKow2sngy24JjJkRrfMdSu}, 18: {instructions: Mound tortilla chips in a pile on a platter. Sprinkle with Neelys BBQ Seasoning, to taste. Spread chopped pork, beef or chicken on top of chips. Sprinkle with seasoning again and pour the Neelys Barbeque Sauce onto meat. Top with melted nacho cheese.nLightly sprinkle more Neelys BBQ Seasoning onto cheese. Add jalapenos to the nachos for additional spice.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all the ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 2 hours., ingredients: [1 bag tortilla chips, Neelys BBQ Seasoning, 6 ounces chopped pork, beef or chicken, 4 ounces Neely BBQ Sauce, warm, recipe follows, 4 ounces nacho cheese, melted, 1 4ounce can sliced jalapenos, drained, 4 ounces paprika, 2 ounces white sugar, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: BBQ Nachos, picturelink: null}, 19: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, for about 10 minutes, or until soft and caramelized. Scrape into a large mixing bowl, add the cornbread pieces and the sage, season well with salt and pepper, and give it a good toss until its well combined. In a separate bowl, whisk together the egg, cream, and stock, and pour that over the cornbread. Stir the stuffing together, spoon it into a buttered baking dish and put it in the oven along with the turkey. Bake until hot and crusty on top, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 onions, chopped, 6 large cornmeal muffins, cubed, A handful fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 egg, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Caramelized Onion and Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: null}, 20: {instructions: Clean and wash the fresh Florida lobster tails. Cut your lobster tails into pieces approximately 1 12 inches. If you leave the lobster in the shell your Creole will be a lot tastier.nHeat the oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Stir fry the lobster tails until they become slightly pink. Add the onions and garlic and allow this to cook for a few minutes. Then add your tomato sauce, fish stock, parsley, cooking wine, Scotch bonnet peppers if you desire added spice, vinegar, hot sauce, salt, pepper and laurel leaf. Cook over low heat for 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh Florida lobster tails, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 28ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup fish stock, 12 cup parsley leaves, finely chopped, 12 cup white cooking wine, 1 tablespoon finely chopped Scotch bonnet peppers, optional, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 laurel leaf], title: Lobster Creole a la Garcias, picturelink: null}, 21: {instructions: Using a mandolin or a very sharp knife, slice zucchini into very thin rounds. Overlap zucchini disks in 1 layer on a plate season with salt and pepper. Drizzle over the olive oil and lemon juice and scatter with leeks. Using a mandoline or a vegetable peeler, shave very thin slices of Parmesan and place them over leeks. Garnish with mint leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 leek, white part only, sliced thinly, 14 pound piece Parmesan, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Zucchini Carpaccio, picturelink: QhaGK7vDKztcrqepOOW.4C1r7zSTMu.}, 22: {instructions: For the dough, in a large bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, and salt. Sprinkle in the butter pieces and cut them into the flour with a pastry cutter or 2 knives or your fingertips until the mixture is crumbly and the pieces are the size of small peas. Mix in 5 tablespoons very cold water and toss with a fork until the dough just comes together.nPlace the dough on the floured counter and knead a few times, just to make a ball. Dont overwork the dough or the crust will be tough Lightly flour the counter. Flatten the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic. Let it rest in the refrigerator for at least 15 minutes. If making more than 1 hour ahead, let it rest on the counter for 10 minutes before rolling out.nRoll the dough out on a floured surface into a 12inch circle. Fit into a 9inch pie plate and trim to a 12inch overhang all around. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with a fork or your fingers. Chill the pie shell in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cover the shell with a piece of parchment paper and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake on the bottom rack until the crust is set but still blond in color, about 20 minutes. Remove the paper and beans or weights and bake until the crust is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more. Let cool completely on a rack.nFor the custard, in a saucepan, combine the granulated sugar, flour, and salt. Add the milk gradually while stirring. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it begins to bubble. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes, or until it forms firm peaks.nStir a small amount of the hot milk mixture into the beaten egg yolks in a small bowl. This will temper the yolks so they dont turn into scrambled eggs. Stir the tempered yolks back into the rest of the custard. Cook for 2 more minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and vanilla. Slice 2 bananas into the cooled pastry crust. Top with half of the custard and slice the remaining bananas on top. Top with the rest of the custard. Chill for at least 1 hour.nFor the whipped cream, in a cold bowl with an electric mixer, beat the cream, confectioners sugar, and vanilla until firm peaks form. Be careful not to overbeat or your cream will turn to butter. Watch as you beat and stop when it gets thick and stays on the beaters when you remove them from the bowl.nTop the pie with the whipped cream and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour plus more for rolling the dough, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 3 large egg yolks, beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 bananas, peeled, 1 12 cups chilled heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Happy Hollys Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: UynRck7Xd8CYkGmwRfE9DIo5p9B8Qi}, 23: {instructions: For the lime slime: Put 3 cups water, the sweetened condensed milk, brown sugar, salt and lime juice into blender or food processor and pulse until smooth. Add the food coloring and pulse 2 to 3 more times. Pour the mixture into a strainer over a large bowl or pitcher. Reserve it in a refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the mad rocks: Heavily dust a baking sheet with powdered sugar. Sprinkle 1 12 tablespoons of the citric acid over the powdered sugar.nPut the granulated sugar into a large saucepan and add enough water to completely dampen the sugar. Add the corn syrup. Place the saucepan over medium heat. To avoid crystallization, brush any sugar crystals down with a damp pastry brush or give them a light spritz with a spray bottle. Stir the mixture lightly until it starts to boil, then stop stirring. Lower the heat to medium, place a candy thermometer in the pan and let the sugar mixture come up to 305 degrees F. Remove the saucepan from the heat and set aside to cool down to 275 degrees F. Then add the baking soda, lime oil and green food coloring. Mix until incorporated. Pour the mixture over the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with the remaining citric acid. Set aside to cool completely.nTo assemble: When the mad rocks mixture is completely cooled, remove the hard pieces from the prepared pan and place onto a cutting board. With a mallet, break the mad rocks into tiny pieces. Dampen the rim of a fluted shot glass with the lime slime and dip into the mad rocks to completely cover the rim. Slowly pour the lime slime into the prepared shot glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Pinch salt, 3 limes, juiced, 3 drops green food coloring, Powdered sugar, as needed, 14 cup citric acid crystals, 2 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 13 teaspoon lime oil, 6 drops green food coloring], title: 5 Taste Lime Slime Garnished with Mad Rocks, picturelink: h6OxaHICJAG7EF5WLpRT2mHEnu7XsVG}, 24: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush the fennel with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until slightly charred and almost cooked through. Place fennel on a platter and scatter orange segments over the top. Whisk together the orange juice, zest, mustard, and olive oil in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle vinaigrette over the salad. Sprinkle with almonds and mint and serve., ingredients: [2 bulbs fennel, sliced into 12inch thick slices, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 oranges, peeled and segmented, plus 1 orange, juiced and zested only zest half of orange, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Grilled Fennel and Orange Salad with Almonds and Mint, picturelink: null}, 25: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the stock to a simmer over mediumlow heat.nIn a large saucepan, cook the onion in oil over mediumlow heat, stirring, until softened, for about 5 minutes. Add rice, stirring until each grain is coated with oil. Add about 34 cup simmering stock and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until the stock is absorbed. Continue adding stock, 34 cup at a time, still stirring constantly and letting each batch be absorbed before adding the next, until about 12 of the stock is remaining. Reduce the heat to moderate, if necessary to keep the risotto at a simmer. Continue adding the stock in the same manner until the rice is tender and creamy looking but still al dente, about 20 minutes.nReduce the heat to low, add the butter then the cheeses. Mix well. Add the spinach and the lemon juice and continue mixing. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nIn a heavybottomed frying pan, heat the canola oil and saute the shrimp for 2 to 3 minutes. Take the pan off the heat and immediately add the ouzo and light it. Let the flame subside. Season the shrimp with salt, and pepper, and set aside.nGarnish each portion of the risotto with grilled shrimp, parsley, lemon zest, and feta cheese.nTo make veal stock:nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRemove meat from bones where possible and cut into 1inch pieces. If using breast bones, cut apart. In roasting pan, arrange bones and meat in 1 layer, drizzle with oil, season with salt, and pepper and roast in lower part of the oven, stirring half way in between until bones are golden brown, 40 minutes to 1 hour depending on the size of the bones. Add the tomato paste by spooning it over the bones. Add the vegetables and put it in the oven for an additional hour.nInto a large stockpot, add bones, meat, roasted vegetables, herbs, and 16 cups 4 L water. Discard fat from roasting pan. Place tray back onto the stovetop. Heat on medium for about 1 minute then remove. Immediately add 12 cup to 1 cup water to the pan, scraping up brown bits, put the tray back on heat and then add the deglazed liquid to the stockpot. Bring liquid to a tremble, about 190 degrees F, and cook at 190 degrees F skim froth frequently during first hour of cooking for 8 hours.nPour stock in batches through a large fine sieve and discard solids. Skim off fat. Alternatively, cool stock, uncovered, and chill, covered. Scrape congealed fat from chilled stock. Gently simmer stock, skimming froth occasionally, until reduced to about 4 cups 1 L, about 1 hour. Cool stock, uncovered, and chill, covered. Stock keeps, covered and chilled, 1 week or, frozen in airtight containers, 3 months. If desired, pour cooled stock into icecube trays with 1ounce cups and freeze. Frozen cubes keep in heavyduty sealable plastic bags 3 months., ingredients: [4 cups Chucks veal stock, recipe follows or lowsodium chicken stock, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups Arborio rice, 14 cup butter, 1 cup grated Kefalotyri cheese, 1 cup cubed feta cheese, plus more for garnish, 4 cups spinach, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 large shrimp, cleaned and deveined, tail intact, 2 tablespoons ouzo, 2 tablespoons butter, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 8 meaty veal bones, 3 tablespoons 45 ml canola oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon 15 ml tomato paste, 1 head garlic, 6 carrots, 2 onions, 4 stalks celery, 2 large leeks, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 large sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 17 cups water], title: Spinach and Lemon Risotto, picturelink: null}, 26: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, celery, carrots and Cajun seasoning and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are slightly soft, about 4 minutes.nStir in the quinoa, then add the chicken broth, 3 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Partially cover and bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the quinoa starts to soften, about 12 minutes. Add the broccoli and cook, uncovered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken and stir to warm through. Season with salt and pepper.nLadle the soup into bowls. Top with the sour cream and Cajun seasoning to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 cups roughly chopped carrots, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, plus more for topping, 1 cup quinoa, 1 quart fatfree lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups chopped broccoli florets, 2 12 cups shredded rotisserie chicken white meat only, skin removed, 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream], title: Chicken and Quinoa Soup, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 27: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a baking pan toss together potatoes, oil, and salt, and roast in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are golden, about 25 minutes. Toss with dill., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, quartered, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons snipped fresh dill], title: Roasted Potatoes with Dill, picturelink: null}, 28: {instructions: Place sliced beets in large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, mustard, and caraway seeds. Slowly add oil in a stream and continue whisking. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the beets leaving 3 tablespoons of dressing in the small bowl. Add the radishes and scallions to the remaining dressing in the small bowl and toss to coat. Place the lettuce on a platter and top with beets. Sprinkle beets with radishes and scallions. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beets, boiled, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 6 radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Green leaf lettuce, 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley], title: Beet Salad, picturelink: t4OwsE.lMCuZahN7KGjHVUjAUXylM6K}, 29: {instructions: Combine 2 tablespoons olive oil, cumin, fennel seeds, garlic, thyme leaves, and lime zest season, to taste, with pepper. Rub the marinade all over the tuna steaks. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, fennel, a pinch of cumin, and a pinch of fennel seeds and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes dont let the vegetables brown. Add the zucchini and bell peppers, season to taste with salt and pepper, and continue to cook for 5 minutes.nSeparately, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the fava beans and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the cherry tomatoes, orange segments, lemon zest and segments, half of the basil leaves, olives, and pistachios.nWhile the vegetables are cooking, heat a grill pan over high heat. Brush the pan with vegetable oil and grill the tuna steaks for 4 minutes on each side for medium rare. Let rest for 5 minutes before cutting each steak into 4 slices.nDivide the vegetables among 4 warm dinner plates. For each plate, top with the remaining basil leaves and put 2 slices of tuna on top of the vegetables. Season the tuna with fleur de sel and spoon the citrusfava mixture around the plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, plus additional, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, plus additional, 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped, 2 sprigs thyme, leaves only, 1 lime, zest finely grated, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 1pound tuna steaks, 2 Texas onions spring onions, peeled, trimmed, and each cut into 8 wedges, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and cut into 14inch thick slices, 2 small zucchini, trimmed and cut into 14inchthick slices, 2 orange baby bell peppers, cored, seeded, deveined, and cut into 14inch thick slices, Salt, 12 fava beans, peeled, 8 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 seedless orange, peeled and cut in segments, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, flesh peeled, and cut in segments, 4 sprigs basil, leaves only, washed, 2 tablespoons Nicoise olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon pistachios, Vegetable oil, Fleur de sel], title: Tuna Provencale, picturelink: null}, 30: {instructions: In a heavy casserole brown the short ribs well. Add coriander seed, cumin seed, white pepper, garlic, onion, carrot and beet peelings and red wine. Reduce wine to a syrup. Add water and 2 tablespoons of salt. Bring to a boil and simmer 2 to 2 12 hours or until fork tender. Skim well. Remove meat and strain broth through a fine chinoise. Remove meat from bones taking care to remove any extra fat. Return liquid to clean casserole and heat. Add leeks, beets, carrots, sugar, lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste. The dish is ready when leeks and beets are tender. Garnish with coriander. Serve with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes.nBring salted water to boil. Add potatoes and cook until fork tender. Remove from water and mash well. Add heated cream and cold butter, mix and fold well. Add horseradish, salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [5 pounds cross cut short ribs, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 10 cloves garlic, 1 large onion cut into 4 pieces, 2 large carrots tournee retaining peelings, 2 large beets tournee retaining peelings, 2 cups hearty red wine, 2 quarts water, 2 tablespoon salt, 4 medium leeks, cleaned and trimmed, 4 ounces sugar, 4 ounces lemon juice, 12 sprigs fresh coriander, Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 4 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and quartered, 4 tablespoons bottled horseradish, 4 ounces light cream, 4 ounces butter, Bottled horseradish, Salt and Pepper], title: Georgian Short Ribs of Beef with Beets, Leeks and Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 31: {instructions: Place steaks on the heated grill. Brush with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. For rare steaks, cook 10 to 12 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 2inch thick prime porterhouse steaks about 4 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Prime Porterhouse Steak, picturelink: null}, 32: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium straightsided saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the capers, oregano, garlic, chile and orange zest. Cook for 3 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and tomato puree. Bring to a slow simmer and cook until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.nSpoon the tomato mixture into the bottom of a small baking dish. Form 6 small wells to hold the eggs. Crack an egg into each well. Place the croutons around the eggs and finish with the ParmigianoReggiano. Bake until the yolks are still soft but the whites are cooked, 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup smalldiced onion about 1 medium onion, 14 cup capers, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 1 green serrano chile, finely sliced, Grated zest of 1 orange, One 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped, 6 ounces San Marzano tomato puree, 6 large eggs, 1 cup 34inch baked croutons, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Baked Eggs with Green Chiles and Capers, picturelink: Ip8xOH7TRsTLsV975Xx3GD5PhlTW8ca}, 33: {instructions: Mix together all ingredients in a bowl. Refrigerate before serving.nServe with cold seafood and vegetables., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons cornichons or sour gherkins, minced, 2 tablespoons capers, minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 anchovy, minced, Dash red pepper sauce], title: Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 34: {instructions: In a medium saucepan saute shallots in butter until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sweet potato and couscous and continue cooking for 2 more minutes or until they are both golden. Add the stock and spices and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce to low heat. Simmer for about 12 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes. Fluff with fork and serve with lamb., ingredients: [2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup diced sweet potato, 1 cup Israeli couscous, 1 34 cups chicken stock, 14 teaspoon ground sumac, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, to taste], title: Israeli Couscous with Diced Sweet Potato and Sumac, picturelink: null}, 35: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9inch round casserole dish.nMelt 3 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the minced garlic and cook for a couple of minutes. Crank up the heat a bit and throw in the spinach. Stir the spinach around and cook for a couple of minutes until it wilts season with salt and pepper. Transfer the spinach to a mesh strainer set over a bowl to drain. Set aside.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet, throw in the quartered artichokes and cook over mediumhigh heat until the artichokes start to get a little color, about 3 minutes. Transfer the artichokes to the strainer with the spinach.nIn the same skillet or a different pot, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and whisk in the flour until it makes a paste. Cook over mediumlow heat for a minute or 2, then pour in the milk. Stir and cook until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes splash in more milk if needed. Add the cream cheese, pepper Jack, feta, Parmesan and cayenne and stir until the cheeses are melted and the sauce is smooth. Chop the artichokes and spinach and add them to the sauce. Stir to combine.nPour the mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Top with extra grated pepper Jack and bake until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 15 minutes. Serve with the Salted Pita Wedges.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the pita breads into 6 wedges each. Lay the wedges on a foillined baking sheet and brush both sides generously with the olive oil. Sprinkle both sides with salt, then bake until theyre golden brown and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, plus more for buttering the casserole dish, 14 cup minced garlic, One 10ounce bag fresh baby spinach, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 14ounce cans artichoke hearts, rinsed, drained and quartered, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, plus more if needed, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 34 cup grated pepper Jack cheese, plus more for topping, 12 cup crumbled feta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salted Pita Wedges, recipe follows, for serving, 6 pita breads, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Spinach Artichoke Dip, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 36: {instructions: Cut the tubes into rings. Lightly coat the squid with flour and fry 360 degree F oil until golden brown. We make this pizza the same way as the margarita except that the spicy oil is drizzled on instead of just olive oil and then the calamari is placed on top, and garnished with scallions.nPrepare a hot charcoal fire, setting the grill rack 3 to 4 inches above the coals.nOn a large, oiled, inverted baking sheet, spread and flatten the pizza dough with your hands into a 10 to 12inch freeform circle, 18inch thick. Do not make a lip. You may end up with a rectangle rather than a circle the shape is unimportant, but do take care to maintain an even thickness.nWhen the fire is hot when you can hold your hand over the coals for 3 to 4 seconds at a distance of 5 inches, use your fingertips to lift the dough gently by the 2 corners closest to you, and drape in onto the grill. Catch the loose edge on the grill first and slide the remaining dough into place over the fire. Within a minute the dough will puff slightly, the underside will stiffen, and grill marks will appear.nUsing tongs, immediately flip the crust over, onto the coolest part of the grill. Quickly brush the grilled surface with olive oil. Scatter the garlic and cheeses over the dough, and spoon dollops of tomato over the cheese. Do not cover the entire surface of the pizza with tomatoes. Finally, drizzle the pizza with 1 to 2 tablespoons of olive oil.nSlide the pizza back toward the hot coals, but not directly over them. Using tongs, rotate the pizza frequently so that different sections receive high heat check the underside often to see that it is not burning. The pizza is done when the top is bubbly and the cheese melted, about 6 to 8 minutes. Serve at once, topped with the basil leaves and additional olive oil, if desired.nPizza Dough: Sprinkle the yeast over 12 cup warm 105 to 110 degrees F water and allow it to dissolve and activate, about 5 minutes. Combine the flour and salt and mound it onto a cool work surface creating a high walled well in the center. Combine the yeast mixture with 1 12 cups of cool water and pour into the well. Slowly begin to mix the water and flour, a little at a time, moving your fingers in short, counter clockwise circles around the border of the water. When the dough is firm enough to hold its shape, scrape the remaining flour over it and knead until the mass is smooth and shiny, approximately 7 minutes. Transfer the dough to a bowl that has been brushed with olive oil. Brush the top of the dough with olive oil to prevent a skin from forming, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let rise in a warm place away from drafts until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours. Punch down the dough and knead once more. Let the dough rise again for about 40 minutes, punch down again and form dough into 4 balls.nCombine all the ingredients in a heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat to very low, and gently simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside for 30 minutes so the flavors continue to infuse the oil as it coolsnStrain the oil into a clean jar. When it has cooled to room temperature, cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [Pizza Margherita, recipe follows, 5 ounces calamari, tubes and tenticles cleaned, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Hot Pepper Infused olive oil, recipe follows, Sliced scallions, 6 ounces Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 14 cup virgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling, 12 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 cup loosely packed shredded fontina, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 6 tablespoons chopped canned tomatoes, in heavy puree, 8 basil leaves, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 6 cups highgluten flour, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups olive oil, 14 cup hot Hungarian paprika, 14 cup crushed red pepper flakes, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and trimmed], title: Pizza with Fried Calamari from Al Forno, picturelink: null}, 37: {instructions: Attractively arrange the vegetable and fruit slices on a serving platter. Sprinkle with salt and chile powder to taste. Serve with lime wedges to squeeze over all., ingredients: [2 medium size jicamas, peeled and sliced, 6 white prickly pears, peeled and sliced, 4 oranges, peeled and sliced, 1 small pineapple. peeled and sliced, Sea salt, to taste, Piquin chile powder, to taste, 4 limes, cut in wedges], title: Pico de Gallo Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 38: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly coat a large rimmed baking sheet with vegetable oil. Dry the chicken wings with paper towels and place in a large bowl. In a small bowl, mix 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, the melted butter, granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Pour the mixture over the wings and toss well to coat. Spread the wings in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.nBake the wings until browned and crisp, 45 to 55 minutes. Meanwhile, make the sauce: Melt the butter in a small pot over medium heat. Add the honey, Sriracha, soy sauce and lime juice and stir until the mixture bubbles gently. Remove from the heat and set aside.nCarefully remove the wings from the baking sheet and transfer to a large bowl. Pour the warm sauce over the wings and gently toss to coat. Transfer the wings to a serving platter and drizzle with more honey serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for the pan, 2 pounds chicken wings, split at the joints, tips removed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup honey, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice], title: HoneySriracha Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 39: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Pulse the wafers and pine nuts in a food processor until well ground up. Add the butter and blend until evenly mixed. Set aside 14 cup of crumbs. Press the remaining crumb mixture evenly into a 9by13 shallow baking pan bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool.nIn a medium bowl, thoroughly whisk together the tequila, lime juice, egg yolks and condensed milk.nIn another medium bowl, beat the egg whites and sugar with an electric mixer until they hold soft peaks. Gently fold the egg whites into the tequila mixture. Spread the filling evenly over the crust and bake for 25 minutes cool. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top. Chill in the fridge for 2 hours or overnight before cutting into bars., ingredients: [1 12ounce box vanilla wafers, 12 cup pine nuts, 34 cup unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, melted, 13 cup tequila, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 5 large egg yolks, plus 2 egg whites, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Tequila Bars, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 40: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Large canning pot large enough to completely submerge the jars in water, Canning tongs, Eight 8ounce mason jars with lids and screwon rings, Widemouth canning funnel, Canning rack to go inside the potnPlace the mason jars in a large hot water bath canner or pot. Cover with water and bring to a simmer. Simmer the center lids in separate saucepan full of water.nPlace the mashed strawberries and lemon juice in a separate pot. Stir in the pectin until dissolved. Bring the strawberries to a strong boil.nAdd the sugar measure beforehand so you can add it all at once, and then return the mixture to a full violent boil that cant be stirred down. Boil hard for 1 minute 15 seconds. Skim foam off the top.nRemove one jar at a time from the simmering water. Pour water back into the pot. Using a widemouth funnel, fill each jar with jam, being careful to keep the liquidfruit ratio consistent. Fill the jars so that they have 14inch of space at the top. Run a knife down the side of the jar to get rid of air bubbles. Wipe the rim of the jar with a wet cloth to remove any residue or stickiness.nRemove the center lid from the simmering water and position it on top. Put screw bands on jars, but do not over tighten Repeat with all the jars, and then place the jars on a canning rack and lower into the water. Place the lid on the canner, and then bring the water to a full boil. Boil hard for 10 to 12 minutes.nTurn off the heat and allow the jars to remain in the hot water for an addition 5 minutes. Remove the jars from the water using a jar lifter, and allow them to sit undisturbed for 24 hours.nAfter 24 hours, remove the screw bands and check the seal of the jars. The center lids should have no give whatsoever. If any seals are compromised, store those jars in the fridge. Otherwise, fill your pantry with your newly canned goodness., ingredients: [5 cups hulled and mashed strawberries, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, strained, One 49gram package powdered fruit pectin, 7 cups sugar], title: Strawberry Jam, picturelink: jjt6JrPO3eLYOFzkTtLLplWqq6qgIq}, 41: {instructions: Special equipment: Safety goggles, work gloves or oven mitts, large stainless steel bowl, metal or plastic jug for liquid nitrogen, large slotted spoon, kitchen towelnGrease a 9 by 11inch baking pan with butter.nMelt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the marshmallows, and stir until melted and smooth. Add the cereal and mix well. Working quickly, add the chocolate chips. Depending on the temperature of the crispy mix, your chips may melt and youll have chocolate crispy squares. If you add them as the mixture gets stiff and cool, theyll stay intact as chips. Its completely up to you.nSpread the mixture out evenly into the greased pan with an oiled spatula or waxed paper, pressing down gently to fit it into the pan. Dust the top with rainbow sprinkles and refrigerate. When cool, cut into 1inch squares.nPour 2 to 3 inches of liquid nitrogen very slowly into a stainless steel bowl. Make sure to wear your goggles and glovesnDrop 8 to 10 crispy squares into the liquid nitrogen for 30 to 40 seconds. Scoop them out with a slotted spoon and place on a serving plate. Wait 10 seconds then eat the squares. You will have some dragons breath coming out of your mouth and nose. Thrills and chills will ensue, ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, plus more for greasing the pan, One 10ounce bag marshmallows or 4 cups mini marshmallows, 6 cups puffed rice cereal, 12 cup chocolate chips, Rainbow sprinkles, for topping, Liquid nitrogen], title: Deanos Dragon Breath Bombs, picturelink: rkaa30kHvAxCOVEjvLEL8AtLGeJHfy}, 42: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh.nPrepare sauce by combining all ingredients together in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until heated through.nRub jerk seasoning into chicken wings. Grill for 10 to 12 minutes or until cooked through. Brush generously with sauce and serve., ingredients: [2 cups store bought mustardbased BBQ sauce recommended: Cattlemans Gold Sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 6ounce can crushed pineapple, Salt and pepper, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Store bought jerk seasoning, 18 chicken wings], title: Caribbean Jerk Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 43: {instructions: Gently blanch the sheets of pasta in a large pot of salted, boiling water for 60 seconds, then shock in ice water. Cut out 6 circles with a circular cookie cutter, approximately 2 12 inches in diameter. Lay out on oiled parchment paper and reserve.nGently melt the butter in a small saucepan. Add the crabmeat and gently fold into butter. Add chives and season with salt and peppernTomato Coulis with Fresh Shrimp: 3 large beefsteak tomatoes, very ripe 1 ounce garlic, sliced thin 1 ounce shallot, sliced thin 1 ounce garlic oil 1 tablespoon butter 1 tablespoon tomato paste 1 sachet with 2 basil stems, 1 thyme sprig, 1 tarragon stem, 4 coriander seeds, 4 white peppercorns 2 ounces fine sugar Salt and pepper 6 small shrimp, peeled and deveined, ingredients: [1 sheet of 8inch by 11inch pasta, 5 tablespoons butter, 7 ounces Maine crabmeat preferably leg meat, 6 stalks of finely chopped chives, Salt and pepper, 3 large beefsteak tomatoes, very ripe, 1 ounce garlic, sliced thin, 1 ounce shallot, sliced thin, 1 ounce garlic oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 sachet with 2 basil stems, 1 thyme sprig, 1 tarragon stem, 4 coriander seeds, 4 white peppercorns, 2 ounces fine sugar, Salt and pepper, 6 small shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: OpenFaced Crab Ravioli with Tomato Shrimp Coulis, picturelink: null}, 44: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pot, bring water and sugar to a boil and whisk in cocoa, vanilla, salt, and corn syrup. Whisk until all of the solids have dissolved. Reduce sauce until slightly thickened. Strain and cool to room temperature. Pour into squeeze bottles. Squeeze into cold milk and stir for delicious chocolate milk or serve on your favorite ice cream. And, hey, its fat free, ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 3 cups sugar, 1 12 cups Dutchprocessed cocoa, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Cocoa Syrup, picturelink: mulw6ISZ8MtgOdiNNngOPjdu1nlW6ge}, 45: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 7 minutes. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in the lentils, then add the tomatoes, 2 cups water, the basil and 12 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high and bring the sauce to a boil cook 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes.nAdd the pasta to the sauce along with half of the parmesan. Season with salt and toss. Divide among bowls drizzle with olive oil and top with the remaining parmesan and more basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces bucatini or spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 cup finely chopped pancetta about 2 ounces, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 14ounce can lentils, drained, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 8 basil leaves, roughly chopped, plus more for topping, 12 cup grated parmesan], title: Pasta with Pancetta and Lentils, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 46: {instructions: Make the dough: Put 2 14 cups warm 100 degrees F water in a large measuring cup stir in the yeast to dissolve, then stir in the sugar and olive oil. Let stand until bubbly, 3 to 5 minutes. Combine 5 cups flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the yeast mixture and mix on mediumlow speed, adding a little more flour or water, if needed, until a rough, sticky ball of dough forms, about 1 minute. Let rest 5 minutes, then mix on medium low until no longer sticky, about 1 more minute. Transfer the dough to an oiled surface and knead with oiled hands until smooth, about 10 times. Let rest 5 minutes, then knead briefly again and transfer to an oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Divide the dough into 4 balls, dust with flour and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let sit at room temperature 2 hours before making the pizzas.nMake the sauce: Crush the tomatoes in a bowl using your hands. Stir in the olive oil, garlic, 1 12 teaspoons salt and the oregano. Cover and let stand 2 hours. Position a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack preheat to 500 degrees F for at least 30 minutes. Stretch each ball of dough into a 12to14inch round on individual sheets of parchment paper. Let rest 15 minutes. Remove and discard the garlic from the sauce. Spread a thin layer of sauce on each pizza, leaving a border. Top with onequarter each of the mozzarella, parmesan, cherry peppers, soppressata and radicchio drizzle with olive oil. Slide 1 pizza on the parchment onto a pizza peel or another inverted baking sheet, then slide onto the hot stone in the oven. Bake until the crust browns, 12 to 15 minutes. Top with oregano. Repeat to make 3 more pizzas. Photograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 5 to 5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 1 28ounce can whole peeled San Marzano tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 12 cup pickled sweet cherry peppers, seeded and sliced, 4 ounces sliced hot soppressata, cut into strips, 1 small head radicchio, sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Dried oregano, for sprinkling], title: Soppressata Pizzas, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 47: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the convection oven to 325 degrees F or a standard oven to 350 degrees F.nIn large mixer bowl, cream together the granulated sugar and butter until light and fluffy with a heavy duty mixer. Add the eggs, one at a time, and mix thoroughly after each addition. Add the coconut extract and mix well. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt. Add half of the flour to the mixer bowl along with 12 cup of the halfandhalf. Mix until the flour is mixed in, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the rest of flour mixture and the other 12 cup halfandhalf. Mix until the batter is smooth and all of the flour lumps are gone. Fold in the coconut flakes.nFill 24 cupcake liners half full and bake for 20 minutes in the convection oven or 28 minutes in the standard oven. The tops of the cupcakes should be lightly browned. Check the cupcakes to make sure no batter sticks to a wooden toothpick when inserted into the cupcake. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the mousse filling: In large mixer bowl, beat the heavy cream, halfandhalf, coconut extract and pudding mix until light and fluffy using a heavy duty mixer. It should have the consistency of whipped cream. Gently fold in the coconut using a plastic spatula. Put the filling in a pastry bag or zipper bag with a corner cut off.nFor the coconut buttercream: In large mixer bowl, beat together the butter and half of the powdered sugar using heavy duty mixer. Add the halfandhalf and the rest of the powdered sugar, along with the coconut extract, and mix well. If the frosting is thicker than you would like, add 1 teaspoon of additional halfandhalf at a time, mixing well after each addition, until the frosting reaches the correct consistency. The thickness may depend on the humidity levels in your region. Put into a pastry bag.nTo assemble: Make a hole in the middle of each cupcake using a sharp knife. Be sure and leave a small amount of cake in the bottom of the hole. Fill the cupcakes with the mousse filling. Frost with coconut buttercream. You may top the cupcakes with more flake coconut or toasted coconut as desired.nServe immediately or chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 large whole eggs, 2 teaspoons coconut extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup flake coconut, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 teaspoons coconut extract, 1 package 4 serving size instant vanilla pudding mix, 1 cup flake coconut, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 pounds powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 14 cup halfandhalf, plus more for thinning frosting if needed, Flake or toasted coconut, for garnish], title: Coconut Cupcakes with Whipped Coconut Mousse Filling and Coconut Buttercream, picturelink: pkNtENpEwnlk2lZFDRe9u6zusdWBuYm}, 48: {instructions: Toast the nuts in a dry skillet over a mediumhigh heat until golden and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Chop them coarsely then set aside. In a medium bowl, stir together the yogurt, milk, honey, oats, and vanilla. Divide the oat mixture evenly among 4 small dishes or parfait glasses. Top each with a half cup of berries, then 2 tablespoons of nuts. Cover tightly and refrigerate overnight.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin C, Calcium, ManganesenGood source of: Riboflavin, Copper, Iodine, Iron, Magnesium, Phosphorus., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted almonds, 14 cup unsalted walnuts, 1 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 1 cup nonfat milk, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup rolled oats, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups mixed berries, fresh or frozen strawberries sliced], title: Muesli Parfaits, picturelink: PTzUizQfWGeYl2k6drxB3veWYskSnpi}, 49: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together 2 tablespoons of the oil, tomato paste, onion, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, allspice, cayenne, and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the turkey and parsley and using your hands, gently mix until combined. Cover the mixture and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors meld. Can be made 8 hours in advance and refrigerated.nHeat the grill to high.nDivide the mixture into 12 equal portions and roll into balls. Gently press down on the top of each patty to flatten slightly. Brush the patties on both sides with 2 tablespoons oil and season with salt and pepper.nGrill the kofte until golden brown on both sides and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nWhisk together the lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add the spinach and toss to lightly coat the leaves in the dressing. Fill each pita with 3 of the patties, top with spinach, red onions and raita. Place a patty Transfer the spinach to a platter and arrange the kofte on top of the leaves. Top each patty with some of the raita.nStir together the yogurt, apple, salt, cinnamon and cayenne in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to meld., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 small red onion, finely grated, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon cayenne powder, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 90 percent lean, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 pound baby spinach, washed and dried, Pita bread, lightly toasted, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and finely diced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Turkey Kofte with Apple Raita and Spinach, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 50: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl.nBeat the sugar and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs and then the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and beat on mediumlow speed until completely incorporated. Scoop out heaping tablespoonfuls of the dough, roll with your hands into balls and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nPut some sugar in a small bowl. Roll the chilled dough balls in the sugar and arrange on the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart.nBake until the bottoms and edges are just barely golden and the tops are no longer glossy, 14 to 16 minutes, rotating the baking sheets about halfway through. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for a few minutes, then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely. The cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup sugar, plus more about 13 cup for rolling, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Soft Sugar Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 51: {instructions: Whisk together the milk, Parmesan, salt, pepper, parsley, and eggs.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add a little olive oil. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant. Add the leftover spaghetti, pour over the egg mixture, and cook, without stirring, until the bottom is browned, about 5 minutes.nTo flip the pie, set a plate the size of the skillet on top. Invert the skillet so the pie falls on to the plate. Invert the pie onto another plate, cookedside up. Return the skillet to the mediumhigh heat, add a little more oil, and slip in the pie. Continue cooking until the bottom is browned, about 5 minutes more.nTransfer the pie to a plate, cut into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 14 cup Parmesan, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch freshly chopped parsley leaves, 4 eggs, Olive oil, as needed, 14 clove garlic, cut into razor thin slices, 12 pound leftover cooked spaghetti with tomato sauce clinging to it], title: Vinnys Spaghetti Pie, picturelink: null}, 52: {instructions: Blanch the carrots and sugar snaps in boiling water, 2 to 3 minutes, until tender but still crisp, drain. In a wok over high heat, heat canola oil, add mushrooms and stir. Add carrots and sugar snaps, and stir for 2 minutes. Lower the heat and add cabbage, salt and pepper. Sitr in cornstarch slurry, oyster sauce and sesame oil, ingredients: [2 carrots, peeled and sliced on the bias, 25 sugar snaps, trimmed, 14 cup canola oil, 10 black mushrooms, sliced, 5 dried black mushrooms, soaked in warm water until soft, 1 bok choy cabbage, sliced, Salt and white pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoons oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Sauteed Mixed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 53: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat butter with oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook mushrooms and onions, stirring occasionally, for about 8 minutes or until liquid is evaporated. Add apple and carrot, cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Add bread crumbs, parsley, thyme, sage, salt, pepper. Combine well. Set aside. Cut each tenderloin lengthwise halfway through and open like a book. Place between plastic wrap or waxed paper. Using a meat pounder or rolling pin, pound to generous 14inch thickness. Cut about 7 pieces of kitchen string into 15inch lengths. Arrange crosswise about 112 inches apart in lightly greased roasting pan. Place 1 piece of meat in strings. With hands, press half of the stuffing over meat to cover surface. Top with second piece of meat, placing wide end over thin end of first piece. Tuck thin ends under and press firmly in place. Top with remaining stuffing and meat. Tie strings around roast, trimming any excess. Spread mustard all over roast. Arrange apple slices in lengthwise row on top, sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange thyme sprigs over top. Place in preheated 400 degree oven, reduce heat heat to 350 degree. Roast for 1 14 to 1 34 hours or until meat thermometer registers 160 degrees. Transfer to cutting board and cover with foil. Let stand for 10 minutes. Slice roast and arrange on platter, surround with PanSeared Onion and Apples.nCut uncored apples crosswise into scant 12inch thick slices. Discard ends. Repeat with onion. In large skillet, heat 12 of the oil over medium heat. Sear apples and onion for 1 to 2 minutes per side or until browned, adding more oil if necessary., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cups finely diced mushrooms, 34 cup finely chopped onions or shallots, 1 apple unpeeled, diced, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 cups coarse fresh bread crumbs, 13 cups chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon, crumbled dried sage, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 boneless pork tenderloins 12 ounces each, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 apple, unpeeled, thinly sliced, 6 fresh thyme sprigs, PanSeared Onion and Apples, recipe follows, 3 large apples, 1 large red onion, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Pork Tenderloin with Mushroom Stuffing and PanSeared Onion and Apples, picturelink: null}, 54: {instructions: In medium bowl, combine all ingredients with vinaigrette., ingredients: [Small handful snow pea sprouts, 1 red radish, finely sliced, 6 fresh cherries, pitted and halved, 6 slivers preserved lemon, julienne, 10 rocket leaves, 3 tablespoons verjuice vinaigrette], title: Cherry and Snow Pea Sprout Salad, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 55: {instructions: Place apples in large bowl with 1 can soda and 1 12 cups water. Let sit for 5 minutes.nIn a large skillet over medium heat melt butter. Add brown sugar, molasses, maple syrup, cinnamon and salt. Stir until sugar has dissolved and starts to simmer. Add apple brandy, pecans, raisins and apples. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for about 15 minutes or until apples are tender and liquid has reduced to a syrupy consistency.nSlice angle food cake into wedges and top each slice with apple mixture., ingredients: [5 Courtland apples, peeled cored and thinly sliced, 1 12ounce can citrus soda, 1 12 cups water, 1 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup light brown sugar, 13 cup molasses, 34 cup maple syrup, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pinch salt, 12 cup apple brandy, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup raisins, 1 10inch storebought angel food cake], title: Grandma Lorraines Apple Angel Food Cake, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 56: {instructions: Season the venison filets with Game Seasoning mixture. In a saute pan, over high heat, add oil. Sear venison on both sides until brown.nIn a separate saute pan, heat the Game Sauce. Transfer the venison into heated Game Sauce and continue to cook the meat at a simmer, for about 5 minutes. This makes for a very flavorful and moist meat. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Add 12 cup of cream and simmer until thickened. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nIn another saute pan, heat the butter. Saute onions until golden in color. Add the chanterelles and saute over high heat until all the liquid evaporates. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the remaining 12 cup of cream and parsley. Continue to cook until thickened.nTo serve: slice each fillet in half diagonally and place on serving plate. Serve with Braised Red Cabbage on side and chanterelles on top of fillet. Garnish with minced parsley. Ladle sauce around fillet.nIn a small bowl, combine all the ingredients.nIn a saucepan, heat the oil. Saute the bones and meat trimmings until golden brown. Add the carrot, celery, leeks, and parsley stems. Saute another 1 to 2 minutes, until the vegetables are glossy. Stir in the tomato paste. Deglaze with 1 cup red wine and water. Add the bay leaf, juniper berries, and thyme. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer. Cook for about 2 hours.nAdd the bread, mustard, and orange juice, season with salt and pepper. Strain. Add the red currant jelly.nIn a small bowl, combine the flour, brandy, kirsch, sherry, and the remaining 14 cup of red wine. Stir until flour is dissolved in the alcohol mixture. Stir into strained sauce and continue to cook until thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nOn Day 1, in a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients, sugar, salt, caraway seeds, orange juice, lemon juice, apple vinegar, and grated apple. Stir in the red cabbage and allow to marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nOn Day 2, in a saute pan, heat oil and butter. Add the onions and cook until glossy. Add sugar and stir. Cook until sugar is caramelized. Deglaze with apple vinegar and red wine. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cabbage mixture and cook for about 30 to 40 minutes, covered., ingredients: [6 5 ounce venison fillets, trimmed, Game seasoning, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon oil, Game Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup cream, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup chopped onions, 1 pound chanterelles, trimmed, Minced parsley, Braised Red Cabbage, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white peppercorn, 14 teaspoon minced rosemary, 2 fresh bay leaves, minced, 12 teaspoon juniper berries, 12 teaspoon minced thyme, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 pound venison bones, 4 ounces venison meat trimmings, 14 cup chopped carrots, 14 cup chopped celery, 14 cup chopped leeks, 3 parsley stems, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 14 cups red wine, 1 cup water, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon juniper berries, 1 sprig thyme, 1 ounce wheat bread, cubed, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 large orange, juiced, Salt and white pepper, 2 tablespoons red currant jelly, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon brandy, 1 tablespoon kirsch, 1 tablespoon sherry, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 oranges, juiced, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon apple vinegar, 1 apple, peeled, grated, 1 pound red cabbage, julienne, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup apple vinegar, 14 cup red wine, Salt and pepper], title: Venison with Chanterelles in Cream Sauce and Braised Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 57: {instructions: Brush shrimp with 2 to 3 tablespoons Ginger Sesame Vinaigrette. Grill over mediumhigh heat 3 to 4 minutes or until pink, turning once.nDivide salad on 2 large plates. Arrange shrimp, tomatoes, mushrooms and green onions on each. Drizzle with Ginger Sesame Vinaigrette, to taste. Refrigerated leftovers.nCombine 13 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup toasted sesame seed, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, and 2 teaspoons minced garlic in blender container. Cover blend until smooth. Slowly add 23 cup canola oil and 13 cup sesame oil in thin stream, until blended. Makes about 112 cups., ingredients: [8 mediumlarge raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, Ginger Sesame Vinaigrette recipe below, 1 pkg. 12 oz. DOLEu00ae Very Veggieu00ae, 10 cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 2 medium mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 green onions, diagonally sliced], title: Grilled Shrimp Salad with Sesame Ginger Vinaigrette, picturelink: TemKwhNF4FXkXZjR1So3G.a7aaJLqq}, 58: {instructions: Heat milk to boiling point in a saucepan. Cover pan and remove from heat. Whisk egg yolks and honey together in a bowl until thickened. Stir in vanilla and cinnamon. Slowly pour hot milk into the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Return the mixture to a saucepan and cook over a low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until thickened slightly coating the back of the spoon. Do not allow to boil.nAllow custard to cool to room temperature. Loosely cover the mixture with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold a minimum of 3 hours.nFreeze in an ice cream maker until just beginning to set. Stir in sour cream and freeze in the ice cream maker until set., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 6 egg yolks, 12 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup sour cream], title: Honey Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 59: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degree F.nHave your butcher tie the pork roast into the traditional crown roast shape, chine bone removed, split between the ribs to facilitate the formation of the crown shape. Ask for the chine bone which will be used to roast the meat on to avoid burning the bottom. In a saucepan over medium heat combine the pureed Ancho chili, tomato puree, honey, vinegar, Worcestershire, black pepper, ground cumin and garlic. Bring the ingredients to a simmer and allow to cook for 20 minutes before removing from the heat and adding the bourbon.nSeason the roast with salt and pepper and brush with Ancho marinade. Place the chine bone in a roasting pan and place the pork roast on the bones: this will prevent the bottom of the roast from burning. Place the roasting pan into the oven and cook for 20 minutes before turning the heat down to 350 degrees F. Brush the roast at frequent intervals during the cooking process to keep the roast moist as well as perfumed with the spice mixture. Add the roughly cut vegetables and continue to cook until the roast reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Remove the roast from the pan and allow to stand for 20 minutes before carving. While the roast is resting make the quick pan gravy by pouring off all of the rendered pork fat, leaving the rough cut vegetables in the pan. Place the roasting pan on the stove top, turn the burner on underneath the roasting pan and continue to cook the vegetables with the chine bone. Carefully deglaze the pan by adding the wine allowing most of the liquid to cook off before adding the hot chicken broth, reducing the heat to a simmer. Meanwhile in a small saucepan combine the 3 tablespoons of pork fat with the flour and cook gently to make a light brown roux, cooking about 3 to 4 minutes. Using a wire whisk, add the roux to the simmering stock and whip the ingredients together to avoid lumping. Add any remaining marinade to the gravy, then cook for 5 minutes before straining through a fine mesh strainer.nServe the roast, by carving at the table, with the dressing and gravy on the side., ingredients: [1 6 to 7 pound centercut loin of pork tied into a crown roast, bones facing outward, 1 ounce dried Ancho chili peppers, soaked in 12 cup hot water until softened, seeds carefully removed, pureed until smooth, 12 cup tomato puree or ketchup, 12 cup honey, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin seed, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, about 1 tablespoon, 14 cup good Kentucky Bourbon, Salt and pepper, 1 carrot roughly chopped, 1 onion roughly chopped, 1 celery stalk roughly chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 tablespoons rendered pork fat, 2 cups hot chicken broth], title: Ancho Chili Scented Crown Roast of Pork, picturelink: null}, 60: {instructions: Lightly coat the inside of a 13 by 9 by 2inch metal pan with oil and set aside. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread the brown puffed rice evenly on a sheet pan. Toast in the oven for 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. While the rice is toasting, prepare the marshmallow mixture.nPlace the oil, honey, and marshmallows in a large mixing bowl set over a pot of gently simmering water. Stir until the marshmallows are melted, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Once the marshmallows are melted, quickly add the toasted brown rice, almonds, and fruit and stir to combine. Coat your hands or a spatula with oil and spread the mixture evenly into the pan. Once the mixture has cooled completely, cut into squares and store in an airtight container for 1 to 2 days., ingredients: [3 ounces puffed brown rice, approximately 6 cups, 3 tablespoons flax seed oil, plus extra for the pan, 1 tablespoon orange blossom honey, 7 ounces mini marshmallows, approximately 4 cups, 3 ounces toasted slivered almonds, approximately 34 cup, 1 12 ounces coarsely chopped dried cranberries, approximately 13 cup, 1 12 ounces coarsely chopped dried cherries, approximately 13 cup, 1ounce dried blueberries, approximately 13 cup], title: Brown Rice Crispy Bar, picturelink: null}, 61: {instructions: Cook couscous according to package directions, adding peas and coriander when you add couscous to hot water. When ready to fluff with a fork, add mint and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 12 cup frozen green peas, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Couscous with Green Peas, Mint and Coriander, picturelink: null}, 62: {instructions: Whisk the garlic, ginger, sesame oil, vinegar, soy sauce and sugar in a large bowl. Transfer 2 tablespoons of the dressing to a medium bowl, add the shrimp and toss. Add the carrot, celery and snow peas to the remaining dressing and toss.nHeat a large skillet over high heat and add 2 teaspoons vegetable oil. Add the shrimp and stirfry until they turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes, then transfer to the bowl with the vegetables. Add 3 to 4 tablespoons water to the skillet and scrape up the browned bits with a wooden spoon, then add the liquid to the bowl with the shrimp. Let the skillet reheat, then add the remaining 1 teaspoon vegetable oil and stirfry the rice until toasted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nAdd the rice and scallions to the shrimpvegetable mixture and toss. Divide among bowls and top with the lettuce, sprouts, chow mein noodles andor peanuts.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Pinch of sugar, 34 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and halved lengthwise, 1 large carrot, shredded, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 cups snow peas, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups cooked white or brown rice, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 14 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 1 cup mung bean sprouts, 12 cup chow mein noodles andor chopped peanuts], title: Asian Rice Salad With Shrimp, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 63: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the cauliflower and 3 cups water to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover and cook until the cauliflower is very soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and add the pasta. Cook until al dente according to the package directions. Just before pasta is set to be done, add the spinach and cook until just wilted, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Drain in a colander and set aside.nIn the empty pasta pot, melt the butter over medium heat and add the garlic. Cook until the garlic is soft but not burnt, about 2 minutes.nAdd the cooked garlic, steamed cauliflower, milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and 12 cup water to a blender and puree until creamy and smooth. Depending on the power of your blender, you may need to add more water.nReturn the cauliflower sauce back to the saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the shredded Cheddar and stir until melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper, then stir in the cooked noodles, spinach and Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups cauliflower florets, 8 ounces mini shells, mini penne, wheels or other small pasta shape, 3 cups baby spinach leaves, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup lowfat milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cup shredded white Cheddar, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Stovetop White Cheddar Mac, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 64: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease a Bundt pan with butter.nFirst prepare the cake batter. Add the butter and sugar to a bowl and, using an electric hand mixer or a stand mixer, beat until light and fluffy. Then beat in 1 egg.nSift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Mix the buttermilk, cocoa powder, tequila, triple sec and vanilla extract in a medium bowl. Beat half of the flour mixture half of the buttermilk into the egg mixture. Repeat, ending with the flour mixture. Blend until well incorporated.nNow prepare the flan mixture. In a blender, combine the condensed milk, evaporated milk, cream cheese, the remaining 3 eggs and vanilla extract. Blend on high for 30 seconds.nScoop the cake batter into the prepared Bundt pan. Then slowly pour the flan mixture over the cake batter. Add about 1inch of hot water to the roasting pan.nCarefully slide the pan into the oven and bake until the surface of the cake is firm to the touch, or an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 1 hour. When the cake is done, remove from the water bath and cool completely to room temperature, about 1 hour.nRun the tip of a sharp paring knife along the edge of the Bundt pan to loosen. Invert a large, rimmed serving platter over the Bundt pan, grasp tightly together, jiggle it a little and flip over to release the chocoflan from the pan. Garnish the cake with some chopped pecans. Place some mixed berries in the center of the chocoflan then sprinkle the entire thing with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks butter, plus more for greasing, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 4 eggs, at room temperature, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cup buttermilk, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons tequila, 2 teaspoons triple sec, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 cup chopped pecans or walnuts, Mixed berries, such as raspberries, blackberries, blueberries and strawberries, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Chocoflan, picturelink: miKSixbfESXwa3z58BvWr30d8cjxo1O}, 65: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 8ounce jarnPreheat the grill to medium heat the grill should maintain a constant temperature of 350 degrees F. Place a drip pan filled halfway with the chicken stock on the briquettes. Season the pork butt with salt and pepper and place on the grates of the grill over the drip pan. Close the cover of the grill and let the pork cook for 1 hour. Turn the pork over and continue grilling for 2 to 3 hours, or until it reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F. More chicken stock may be needed to refill the drip pan during grilling. Remove the pork from the grill and let rest for 15 minutes. When it is cool enough to handle, shred the pork into strands with your fingers. Add the shredded pork to the BBQ Sauce and serve on sandwich buns with the Pickled Jalapenos.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill. Add the onion and jalapeno and cook until soft. Add the fresh tomatoes, canned tomatoes and juices, vinegar, honey, brown sugar and Worcestershire sauce, and cook until the sugar has completely melted and the sauce is slightly reduced and thickened. Season with salt, to taste. Add the shredded pork and stir to coat.nCombine the vinegar, sugar, peppercorns, seeds, and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Let boil for 2 minutes, and then remove from the heat and let sit until cooled to room temperature.nPlace the jalapenos, stem side up, into the jar and pour enough cooled vinegar mixture over them to cover. Pack the cilantro sprigs into the jar. Cover and refrigerate for at least 24 hours and up to 4 days., ingredients: [4 to 6 cups chicken stock or water, 1 3 pound boneless pork butt, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 8 to 12 soft buns with sesame seeds, Pickled Jalapenos, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 2 tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 cups cider vinegar, 14 cup honey, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt, 3 cups rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 jalapenos, sliced in half lengthwise, 7 sprigs fresh cilantro], title: Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: 1wvZhjnNvkDevcWZ74yxfzH4hfxDTy}, 66: {instructions: In a small bowl combine garlic, chili sauce, and oil, and mix together. Rub the chops with the chili rub, and allow to marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill to high heat.nRemove the chops from the refrigerator 10 minutes before grilling. Season the chops well with salt and pepper, and grill to desired doneness on a preheated grill., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 4 tablespoon sambal oelek, garlic chili sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 1inch thick lamb Tbones, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Baby Lamb TBone, picturelink: null}, 67: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium size bowl combine the eggs, milk, garlic, cumin, and salt and pepper, and lightly beat. Dip the bread slices in the egg mixture covering both sides. In a baking dish lightly coated with olive oil, place a layer of bread slices on the bottom. Arrange a layer of avocado slices in a fan design on top of the bread. Cover with a layer of Monterey Jack. Place another layer of the dipped bread slices over the cheese and avocados. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes, or until bread is nicely browned.nTo make the tomato jam, saute the tomatoes and sugar in a pan until liquid reduces and becomes thick.nIn a medium size pot, reduce the vinegar until slightly thickened.nTo serve, remove the avocado cristo from baking dish and cut into wedges. Arrange wedges on each plate with the plum tomato jam and a drizzle of the balsamic reduction. Garnish plate with lime juice, chopped cilantro, and a slice of avocado., ingredients: [8 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 ounces milk, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon cumin, Salt and pepper, 1 loaf sourdough bread cut in 12inch slices, 2 avocados, peeled and sliced, 6 ounces Monterey Jack, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, chopped, 2 ounces sugar, 6 ounces aged balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 avocado, peeled and sliced], title: Avocado Cristo with Cherry Tomato Jam and Balsamic Reduction, picturelink: null}, 68: {instructions: In a bowl stir together all dressing ingredients until sugar is dissolved. Chill dressing, covered, 1 hour. Shell and devein shrimp. In a large saucepan of salted boiling water cook shrimp with lemon 2 minutes, or until just cooked through. In a colander drain shrimp and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Halve shrimp lengthwise.nHalve cucumber lengthwise and seed. Cut cucumber halves and scallions crosswise into 2 12 inch pieces and cut pieces lenghtwise into julienne strips.nIn a bowl soak noodles in hot water to cover 15 minutes to soften. While noodles are soaking, in a 6quart kettle 312 quarts salted water to a boil. Drain noodles in colander and cook in boiling water 45 seconds, or until just tender. Drain noodles in colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Drain noodles well and with scissors cut into 4inch lengths.nDivide noodles, shrimp, vegetables, and dressing among 4 bowls and sprinkle with herbs and peanuts. To serve, pull herbs from sprigs and toss with noodles., ingredients: [13 cup Asian fish sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 pound large shrimp 16 to 20, 12 lemon, 1 English cucumber, 4 scallions, 12 pound ricestick noodles, 1 cup fresh mint sprigs, 12 cup fresh coriander sprigs, 2 tablespoons chopped peanuts], title: RiceStick Noodle Salad with Vietnamese Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 69: {instructions: Peheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the bread with 2 tablespoons olive oil on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Bake until golden, about 8 minutes. Let cool slightly.nWhisk the mustard, lemon juice and vinegar in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the tomatoes, scallions and dill and season with salt and pepper. Add the breadncubes and toss to coat. Set aside while you make the crisps.nToss the cheese with the flour and pepper to taste in a bowl. Arrange the mixture in 4 mounds on the baking sheet and flatten slightly. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly, then remove with a spatula to a rack and let cool. Serve with the tomato salad.nPhotographs by Kate Sears, ingredients: [4 thick slices Italian bread, cut into cubes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 pounds mixed heirloom tomatoes, cut into chunks, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 34 cup grated gruyere cheese, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour], title: Tomato Salad with Cheese Crisps, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 70: {instructions: Season calamari with salt and pepper. Marinate in Spicy Red Chimichurri Sauce for about 1 hour. Remove from marinade, place on hot grill and cook until grill marks show on both sides. Toss mizuna greens with olive oil and lemon juice.nArrange calamari on plate with mizuna greens. Drizzle with the balsamic reduction.nPlace all ingredients in food processor and pulse until pureed.nYield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [16 to 20 baby calamari, tentacles included, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Spicy Red Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, 2 medium bunches mizuna or field greens, washed and dried, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, reduced to 13 cup, 12 to 15 garlic cloves, 1 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 13 cup crushed red pepper, 14 cup dry oregano, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 cup white vinegar, 34 cup Spanish sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Calamari on Mizuna Greens, picturelink: null}, 71: {instructions: Heat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill the corn until lightly charred on all sides, about 10 minutes. Remove the kernels from the cobs and reserve the cobs.nBreak the reserved corn cobs in half and place them in a large pot with the stock. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, and then turn off the heat and steep the cobs in the stock for 30 minutes.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the fennel and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Remove the fennel from the pan and set aside. Add another 2 tablespoons of the butter to the pan and cook the corn kernels until soft and velvety, 10 to 15 minutes. Season the corn with salt and pepper, and set it aside.nPass the corn stock through a strainer into a saucepan and discard the cobs. Keep warm over low heat. Heat the oil in a highsided skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, until starting to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until it no longer appears chalky on the outside, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the wine and simmer, stirring frequently, until absorbed, about 5 minutes. Add 1 12 cups of the corn stock, stirring frequently until the liquid is absorbed, about 7 minutes. Add another 1 12 cups of stock and simmer, stirring frequently, until the liquid is mostly absorbed and the rice appears fluffy, but is still slightly firm. If the rice is still hard or chewy, add the remaining stock, 1 cup at a time, and keep stirring until the proper doneness is reached. The total cooking time should be 20 to 25 minutes. You might not use all 6 cups of stock, but any remaining stock can be refrigerated and used for another dish.nStir in the reserved fennel and corn kernels, the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and the ParmigianoReggiano. Season with salt and pepper, and serve. Garnish with fennel fronds., ingredients: [3 ears sweet white summer corn, husks removed and discarded, 6 cups chicken stock, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small bulb fennel, trimmed and diced, fronds reserved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 12 cups risotto rice preferably Carnaroli, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Grilled Corn Risotto, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 72: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, blue cheese, vinegar and some salt and pepper and stir until well combined. Add the cabbage and onions and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium green cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced, 12 small red cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 Vidalia onion, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 14inch slices], title: Blue Cheese Cole Slaw, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 73: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place plantain on a baking sheet and roast until skins are black and plantains are soft, remove and let cool. Peel and cut into chunks. Heat maple syrup over medium heat, add the roasted plantain and saute until caramelized. Remove with slotted spoon and place food processor and process until smooth.nPlace potatoes, plantains and vegetable stock in a medium saucepan and cook for 30 minutes. Add the coconut milk and cook for 5 minutes. Place in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nSmoked Chile Crema: 1 cup creme fraiche 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper puree Salt Combine creme fraiche and chipotle puree in a small bowl and season with salt. Assemble: Cilantro leaves Ladle soup into 8 bowls. Drizzle with smoked chile crema and garnish with fried plantains and cilantro leaves.nHeat oil to 365 degrees F. in a medium skillet.nAdd plantains in batches and cook until golden .nbrown. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt., ingredients: [2 ripe plantains, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 4 sweet potatoes, roasted, peeled and mashed, Pureed plantains, 8 cups vegetable stock, 1 cup coconut milk, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 green plantain, peeled and julienned, 2 cups canola oil, Salt], title: Sweet Potato and Roasted Plantain Soup with Fried Plantain and Smoked Chile Crema, picturelink: null}, 74: {instructions: In a soup pot saute pancetta just until fat renders. Add onions and leeks and saute 5 minutes until softened. Add carrots and celery and saute 5 minutes. Rinse beans in cold water, drain, add to vegetables and saute 1 minute. Add tomatoes, cabbage, potato and 2 12 quarts cold water. Bring to a boil, cover partially and simmer over low heat for 1 hour. Season to taste with salt and pepper after 30 minutes. Add green beans and pasta and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes more, or until pasta in tender and soup is thickened. Just before serving swirl in pesto, to taste., ingredients: [2 slices pancetta, diced, 2 onions, sliced, 2 leeks, sliced and rinsed carefully, 2 carrots, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 cup dried cannellini beans, soaked overnight in cold water, 2 cups crushed tomatoes, 1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 1 large boiling potato, diced, Salt and pepper, 1 cup green beans, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup dried small pasta, 14 to 12 cup pesto], title: Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 75: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss the sliced potatoes with the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of Herb Mix. Season with salt and black pepper. Place potatoes on a baking tray. Roast potatoes in preheated oven for 15 minutes, until the edges just start to turn golden. Remove from oven and place potatoes into a glass bowl. While still warm, toss truffle butter with the potatoes. Cover with foil and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the medallions, coat all sides with olive oil. Sprinkle about 2 teaspoons of Herb Mix per medallion on both sides. Season both sides of the medallions with salt and black pepper. In a large skillet, sear medallions on high heat until the outside is cooked. Remove from pan and set aside.nTo make the sauce, use the same pan that the medallions were cooked in. The leftover residue from the beef will add extra flavor. Add the butter, 1 tablespoon of shallots, and morels. Saute for 3 minutes. Add brandy and flame off alcohol. Pour in reserved morel water and reduce by half. Once reduced, add the veal stock and bring to a simmer. Add the heavy cream and reduce to low heat. Simmer for one minute. Season with salt and black pepper. Leave in pan to maintain heat until ready to serve.nTo make the warm salad greens, in a separate large saute pan with the olive oil, saute the shallots for 2 minutes. Then add the beet greens and arugula, saute until wilted. Remove from heat and toss in baby spinach. Season with salt and pepper.nTo plate each serving, place a portion of the potatoes in the center of the plate. Then arrange each portion of the greens on top of the potatoes. Then place two medallions on top of the greens, leaning against each other. Then spoon a portion of the sauce around the potatoes, greens, and medallions. Garnish the top of the medallions with 1 tablespoon of tomato concasse. Serve and enjoy.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients., ingredients: [6 Yukon gold potatoes, washed, cut into 18inch round slices, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons Herb Mix, recipe follows, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon truffle butter can be storebought, Eight 4ounce beef tenderloin medallions, Olive oil, 6 tablespoons Herb Mix, recipe follows, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon shallots, minced, 12 cup dried morels, soaked in warm water to cover for 30 minutes, strained, water reserved, 14 cup brandy, 34 cup veal stock, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 pound beet greens, 12 pound arugula, stems removed, 1 pound baby spinach, Salt and black pepper, 14 cup tomato concasse peeled, seeded, and cut into julienned strips, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Beef Medallion with Herb Roasted Potatoes, Warm Salad Greens and a Dried Morel Brandy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 76: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the cucumber lengthwise, remove the seeds, and slice thinly. Thinly slice the onion.nIn a colander, toss the cucumber and onion with the salt and let it sit and drain for 20 minutes. Press the liquid out of the vegetables and rinse well with cold water.nIn a medium bowl combine the vinegar and sugar and stir well. Add the cucumber mixture and toss to coat. Stir in the dill., ingredients: [2 English cucumbers 2 pounds, 1 small red onion, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar or sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons dried dill or 2 tablespoons fresh], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: T3DxQtrNZxPg8njMbTzKXiDt2deFHzu}, 77: {instructions: Combine the spelt with 1 12 cups of water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium low, cover and simmer until most of the water is absorbed and the grains are tender but still chewy, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 10 minutes. Let cool completely spelt can be made up to a day ahead.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell pepper, scallion whites, celery and Canadian bacon and cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are crisptender and the ham is lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and Cajun seasoning and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the spelt, tomatoes, scallion greens and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, until the spelt and tomatoes are warmed through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and serve hot., ingredients: [34 cup whole spelt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small green bell pepper, cut into thin 1inch strips, 4 scallions, cut into 12inchlong pieces, white and green parts separated, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 ounces Canadian bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt], title: Cajun Spelt, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 78: {instructions: Mix all ingredients well in small mixing bowl. Pour by spoonfuls onto hot, oiled griddle. Spread batter to make thin, crepelike pancake. Cook until batter is bubbly. Turn over. Serve immediately with butter and syrup or favorite fruit sauce., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Buttermilk Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 79: {instructions: In a 9by13inch baking dish, whisk together the mirin, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, brown sugar, sesame oil, scallions, 14 cup of the vegetable oil and twothirds of the garlic and ginger. Put the pork tenderloins in the marinade and turn to coat. Cover and marinate for at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nRemove the pork from the marinade, allowing the excess to drip off. Transfer the marinade to a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Boil to reduce slightly, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, grill the pork, turning occasionally, until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of the tenderloins reaches 145 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and allow to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining ginger and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the bok choy along with 2 tablespoons water and cover. Steam until the bok choy is bright green and crisptender, 5 to 6 minutes. Serve alongside the sliced pork with the marinade sauce., ingredients: [14 cup mirin, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 pork tenderloins, 1 12 pounds baby bok choy, halved lengthwise, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 80: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a shallow dish, combine muffin mix with flour, then stir in eggs, milk and melted butter. Season the mix with chili powder, cumin, cayenne and scallions. The batter will be a thick, sticky biscuit dough. Place a hot dog in the bowl of batter and swoosh it around to coat it. Remove coated dog to a nonstick cookie sheet and use your fingers to spread batter on any exposed dog spots. Dont coat it too thick, just shy of 12inch should do the trick. If its too thick it will just slide off the dog while its baking, leaving the dog exposed. If that happens dont sweat it, they will still taste great. Repeat until all 8 are coated. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until evenly deep brown all over.nServe the oven baked corn dogs with your favorite hot dog condiments. Serve with Sweet Relish Slaw Salad and with some baked or reducedfat chips alongside the dogs.nIn the bottom of a medium, shallow bowl combine relish, vinegar, oil, garlic, bay and cloves. Let stand 5 minutes then fish out the garlic, bay and cloves. Add cabbage salad and toss, let stand 10 to 20 minutes in the refrigerator. Season salad with salt and pepper, toss in the scallions then serve., ingredients: [2 boxes corn muffin mix, 8 12 ounces each recommended: Jiffy brand, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 stick butter, melted, 1 tablespoon chili powder, eyeball it in your palm, 2 teaspoons cumin, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco or Franks Red Hot, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 8 jumbo pork or beef franks, Sweet Relish Slaw Salad, recipe follows, 1 bag reduced fat potato chips recommended: Cape Cod brand or Terra brand Garlic and Onion flavor Yukon chips, 1 cup sweet pickle relish, 14 cup cider vinegar, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 2 bay leaves, dried, 3 whole cloves, 1 pound shredded cabbage salad slaw salad mix with carrots and red cabbage, available in produce department marked Cole Slaw Mix in 1 pound packages, Salt and pepper, 4 scallions, sliced], title: Oven Baked Corn Dogs, picturelink: u7PomWQZi8KJpvv93UFQ71WaWCgvBe}, 81: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler to high.nCombine the sugar and Champagne vinegar in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook until the sugar is fully dissolved and the mixture has thickened just slightly, 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the dried cranberries. Let sit for 10 minutes to plump the cranberries.nMeanwhile, on a rimmed baking sheet, combine the sliced Brussels sprouts, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 34 teaspoon of the salt, and the pepper flakes. Toss well to coat. Broil for 6 minutes, stirring halfway through and rotating the baking sheet as needed for even browning. Add the sprouts to a medium bowl and toss with the cranberry mixture while hot. Set aside for 5 minutes to let the flavors marry.nIn a small bowl, whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt into the ricotta. Using a small offset spatula, spread the crostini with the ricotta mixture. Top each crostini with a spoonful of the Brussel sprout mixture and sprinkle with a few pine nuts., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 14 cup Champagne vinegar, 13 cup dried cranberries, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, sliced into thin rounds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 14 cups ricotta, 13 cup pine nuts, toasted, 24 crostini see Cooks Note], title: Charred Brussels Sprout Crostini, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 82: {instructions: Cook 1 chopped onion in a skillet with 14 cup olive oil, 3 minutes. Add 1 each chopped celery stalk and eggplant cook 4 minutes. Add 1 chopped red bell pepper and cook 3 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons golden raisins, some chopped oregano and 12 cup water simmer 8 minutes. Add 1 cup halved grape tomatoes and 1 tablespoon each cider vinegar and capers cook 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and top with torn basil.nSERVES 6nCalories: 138nTotal Fat: 9 gramsnSaturated Fat: 1 gramsnProtein: 2 gramsnTotal carbohydrates: 14 gramsnSugar: 7 gramsnFiber: 4.5 gramsnCholesterol: 0 milligramsnSodium: 199 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Eggplant Caponata, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 83: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ground beef, Italian sausage and Italian seasoning in a bowl. Knead the mixture together and form it into four largethick patties.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the burgers on one side for several minutes, then turn the burgers. Lay 2 slices of provolone on each patty, followed by 4 slices of pepperoni. Add a couple of thin slices of red onion, a slice of green bell pepper and a pile of black olives. Spoon a little marinara sauce on top, then lay another slice of cheese on top of all the fillings.nPlace the lid on the skillet and allow the burgers to cook all the way through while the cheese melts and the pepperoni warms.nSplit the rolls and toast them in butter in a skillet until nice and golden and crisp. Spread both halves with more marinara sauce and sprinkle the sauce with Parmesan.nLay the patties on the bottom buns, then top with the top buns. Serve immediately hearty appetites are recommended, ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 pound Italian sausage a little more is fine, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 slices provolone, 16 slices pepperoni, Thinly sliced red onion, for topping, 1 green bell pepper, sliced thick, Sliced black olives, for topping, 8 tablespoons jarred marinara sauce, plus a little more, 4 kaiser rolls or good hamburger buns kaiser rolls from the bakery section, Butter, for toasting, Grated Parmesan store bought], title: Supreme Pizza Burgers, picturelink: SQNTmm57j8jlOvK2JxhKbEmF5uXsy9O}, 84: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the sugar, flour and cornmeal. Blend well, then add the eggs and combine well. Add the milk and mix then stir in the melted butter, lemon rind and juice. Pour this filling into the crust and cover then edge of the crust with foil to prevent it from burning, taking care not to touch the filling. Bake at 375 degrees F for 45 minutes, removing the foil after 30 minutes. Cool and serve or refrigerate overnight but let sit out 3 hours before serving to warm up slightly. Serve with dollops of whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 tablespoon fine yellow cornmeal, 4 eggs, 14 cup milk, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons grated lemon rind, 13 cup fresh lemon juice with pulp, One 9inch unbaked pie shell, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped], title: Lemon Chess Pie, picturelink: xSq2j9EuAnlSCl6pytIQtk3LKoU7NC}, 85: {instructions: In the top half of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, stir the chocolate until melted. Using a pastry brush, brush the baked pie shell up to the rim with the melted chocolate. Set aside to cool and harden at room temperature or, uncovered, in the refrigerator. In a large saucepan, bring the milk, cream of coconut, and vanilla bean to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg yolks and sugar together until pale yellow and fluffy. With the mixer running at low speed, mix in the cornstarch, then gradually pour in the hot milk mixture.nStrain the mixture back into the saucepan to smooth it and remove the vanilla bean. Whisking constantly, cook over mediumhigh heat until thick and just boiling. When the mixture thickens, the whisk will leave trail marks on the bottom of the pot and the mixture will have a few large bubbles boiling up to the top. Pour the mixture into a medium bowl and stir in the butter. Halffill a large bowl with ice water. Rest the bowl containing the custard in the ice water and let cool, stirring frequently to cool the mixture. When the custard is cool, whip the cream until stiff. Fold the whipped cream and coconut into the custard. Pour the mixture into the chocolatecoated pie shell and smooth the top. Refrigerate uncovered at least 2 hours. Or refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 24 hours. Serve cold.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until you have a crumbly, sandy mixture. You should still be able to see the pieces of butter. In a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the watervinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. You should still see small bits of butter.nTurn out onto a work surface, divide the dough in 12, and shape into 2 round, flat disks. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using. Or, refrigerate up to 48 hours or freeze up to 1 month before using. If frozen, let thaw in the refrigerator overnight before rolling out. When the time comes to roll out the dough, let the dough warm up for a few minutes at room temperature. Dust a work surface with just a few tablespoons of flour and keep some extra flour at hand. If you like, you can roll out the dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper flouring the bottom sheet and the top of the dough before rolling, which makes it much easier to transfer to the pan later on. However, you wont be able to check the progress of the dough as easily. Its entirely up to you.nSprinkle a little flour on top of the dough and start rolling outward from the center with quick, light strokes. Dont worry if the edges split a bit concentrate on getting a good circle going from the center. Lift up and rotate the dough 14 turn every minute or so to help ensure even rolling. The dough should feel smooth and soft some say it should feel like the inside of your forearm. If it gets sticky, sprinkle on a bit more flour, but dont do this more than 2 or 3 times the dough will absorb too much flour. Instead, put it back in refrigerator for 15 minutes to firm the butter up. Keep rolling until the circle is at least 2 inches larger than your pan for example, 11 inches wide for a 9inch pie pan, or 3 inches larger for deepdish pies.nSet your pie or tart pan nearby. We always use heavy aluminum pans, because glass pans seem to bake the crust too fast. However, we know that the advantage of glass is that you can easily check the color of the crust. Again, its up to you. Either choice will work.nTo transfer the crust to the pan, we find it easiest to roll a finished crust up onto the rolling pin, then gently unroll it in the pan. Or, you can fold it gently in quarters, lift it up, position the center point on the center of the pan, and unfold it into the pan. If using waxed paper, peel off the top layer, turn the crust gently into the pan, and peel off the remaining paper. Make sure that the dough is allowed to settle completely into the pan.nDont stretch and press the dough into the corners stretched dough will likely shrink back when you bake it. Instead, lift the edges of the crust to let it settle down into the corners. If the dough tears a bit, dont be concerned well patch it in a minute. Using scissors or a sharp knife, trim the dough to within 34inch of the rim. Use any extra scraps to patch the crust, pressing with your fingers wet them if necessary or set aside.nWorking around the rim, turn the crust under itself not under the rim of the pan to make a thick edge, pressing it firmly against the pan to reduce shrinkage. To decorate the rim, just press it all around with the back of a fork. For a slightly more advanced look, press the thumb and forefinger of one hand together. Use them to gently push the thick dough rim outward, while pushing inward with the forefinger of the other hand, so that they intersect in a V with the dough in between. Repeat all around the rim to make a wavy edge. Chill 20 minutes before baking.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees. Line the inside of the chilled crust with aluminum foil dont turn down over the rim, but leave the extra sticking up so that you have something to hold on to. Fill the foil all the way up to the top of the shell with pie weights, rice, or dried beans. Pie weights are reusable metal or ceramic pellets that hold the crust in place as it bakes. You can buy them at cooking supply stores. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, until dry and beginning to turn blond. Lift the foil and weights out of the shell and bake another 10 to 15 minutes, checking frequently to prevent overbaking, until medium brown., ingredients: [9inch Plain and Perfect Pie Crust, prebaked and cooled, recipe follows, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, 3 12 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 cup canned cream of coconut recommended: Coco Lopez, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 8 egg yolks, 1 13 cups sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 38 cup chilled heavy cream, 34 cup flaked or shredded coconut, 4 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 ounces 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup ice water strain out the ice just before using, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar], title: Coconut Cream Pie with ChocolatePainted Crust, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 86: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine flour, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Using a handheld electric beater, cream butter and sugars for 5 minutes. Add vanilla extract and eggs, 1 at a time, until well incorporated. Stir in the flour mixture until well combined. Gently fold in the chocolate chunks.nDrop golfball size batter, about 2 inches apart, onto a greased cookie sheet.nBake for about 9 to 12 minutes, depending on whether you like them a bit chewier or slightly crunchy.nRemove from oven and let cool on the cookie sheet., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 1 cup softened butter, 23 cup sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 cups bittersweet chocolate chunks], title: Fleurs Chocolate Chunkies, picturelink: null}, 87: {instructions: Stir the sweet potatoes, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and milk in a medium bowl. Spoon the sweet potato mixture around the inside edge of a 10inch round casserole, forming a ring.nHeat the stock and onion in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook until the onion is tender, stirring occasionally. Stir in the soup, turkey and water. Cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Spoon the turkey mixture into the center of the sweet potato ring.nBake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the turkey mixture is hot and bubbling. Sprinkle with the walnuts and parsley, if desired.nYou can substitute chicken for the turkey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 13 cup evaporated milk, 14 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 1 small onion, minced about 14 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 3 cups cubed cooked turkey, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup chopped walnuts optional, Chopped fresh parsley, 2 cups cooked, mashed sweet potatoes], title: Turkey Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 88: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan or two 24cup minimuffin pans with paper liners. Cut the persimmons in half and scoop out the pulp into a food processor pulse until smooth.nCombine the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ginger, cinnamon and lemon zest in a large bowl. Whisk 1 14 cups of the persimmon puree or the applesauce and carrot baby food, the eggs, egg white, melted butter and yogurt in a small bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until just combined its fine if the batter is lumpy.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each threequarters of the way. Sprinkle with turbinado sugar and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 24 minutes for regular muffins or 14 to 18 minutes for mini muffins. Cool slightly in the pan, then transfer the muffins to a rack.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 to 3 very ripe persimmons or 1 cup smooth applesauce plus 14 cup carrot baby food, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup wholewheat flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, or vegetable oil, 23 cup plain yogurt or sour cream, Turbinado sugar, for topping], title: Persimmon Muffins, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 89: {instructions: Break eggs into a small bowl season with salt and pepper. Using a fork, beat no more than 30 strokes so only a minimal amount of foam develops. Overbeating reduces the eggs volume, resulting in a skinny omelet. The keys to success are speed and heat: Beating the eggs quickly and cooking them over high heat produces large, coagulated curds, resulting in a fluffy, soft omelet.nMelt butter in an 8inch nonstick skillet over medium heat until butter begins to sizzle. Raise the heat to high, and add the beaten eggs. Count to five, then raise the pan so it forms a 45degree angle to the burner. Rapidly shake the pan back and forth so the egg mixture is thrown against the pans sides and begins to coagulate.nReturn pan to burner. Rotate pan so any uncooked egg in the center moves to perimeter of pan. Cook egg evenly, 15 to 20 seconds.nQuickly place the filling in the center of the omelet. Fold the omelet over the filling by tilting the pan a little higher off the burner and using a spatula to fold the omelet. Turn the omelet onto a plate, and serve., ingredients: [3 large eggs, Pinch salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Omelettes, picturelink: null}, 90: {instructions: Sprinkle a small amount of water on a large plastic sheet of plastic wrap. Place 2 of the breast halves on top of the plastic and sprinkle again with water. Cover with another sheet of plastic wrap and pound with a rolling pin or meat pounder until about 14inch thick. Repeat with the remaining 2 breast halves.nMix the flour with the salt and pepper in a shallow pie plate. Heat half of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Working in 2 batches, place the chicken in the flour mixture and turn to coat on all sides. Shake off the excess flour and add to the skillet. Cook until lightly browned and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate or platter and cover loosely with foil. Repeat with the remaining oil and chicken.nPour off the fat from the skillet and return the skillet to the heat. Add the chicken stock and lemon juice. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil, stirring to pick up and browned bits in the bottom of the pan. Simmer for 3 minutes. Return the chicken to the skillet and simmer, turning often, until warmed through and the sauce is thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the butter and the capers. Season with salt and pepper and heat just until the butter has melted. Serve on warmed plates with a spoonful of the skillet sauce, topped with lemon slices and parsley., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, about 6 ounces each, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon drained bottled capers, rinsed and chopped, Additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Thin slices lemon and chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Piccata, picturelink: null}, 91: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 400 degrees F.nMeanwhile, gather the flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and baking soda into your large mixing bowl and whisk together until fully incorporated. Now cut your butter into small cubes with your bench knife or straight edge knife and place into the bowl. Using your pastry cutter, cut the butter into the dry mixture in a downward twisting motion until you reach a sandy texture. At this point, your dry mix should feel like beach sand, but if there are some slightly larger pieces of butter remaining this is okay. Those pieces will create the flaky effect when the biscuits begin to cook. Now, create a well in the center of your bowl of dry ingredients. Pour the buttermilk into the center of the bowl. Using your hands this will feel funny and get messy, incorporate all the ingredients until the dough begins to come together and become one.nNow put a small amount of flour on a flat surface and continue to bring the dough together, making sure not to knead the dough or overwork it. Use some of that extra flour to bring it all together and get the dough off your fingers too. Now spread out and flatten the dough so its about the height of your flattened hand. Using your biscuit cutter dip it in some flour to keep any dough from sticking to it, cut out 24 biscuits, reworking the dough if need be. Place a piece of parchment paper on your cookie sheet and line up the cut biscuits, 4 by 6. Place the biscuits into the oven and cook until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove the biscuits and let cool for about 5 minutes before handling. These biscuits are great for breakfast with eggs and bacon, or alone as a snack., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 8 cups allpurpose, unbleached flour, plus extra for your board and cutter, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 3 cold sticks unsalted butter, 3 cups cultured buttermilk], title: Homemade Biscuits, picturelink: V5SAHQbZjRflm2DH3ljFy4kSWDE55A6}, 92: {instructions: For the buttercream: Bring the rum and cane sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the raisins, remove from the heat, and let macerate for at least 4 and up to 24 hours at room temperature. Strain the raisins, finely chop, and set aside for the cupcake batter. Bring the strained rum to a boil in a small saucepan and reduce to 14 cup. Remove from the heat and let cool before adding to the buttercream.nCombine the butter and cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and whip until light and fluffy, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl once. Add 3 cups of the powdered sugar and whip until light and fluffy. Add the cooled reduced rum and the rum extract and add more powdered sugar, 14 cup at a time, and whip until slightly thick, spreadable consistency.nFor the cupcakes: Adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill mini muffin tins with liners and spray the liners with nonstick spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, 1 12 cups of the sugar, cinnamon, allspice, and nutmeg together in large bowl. Whisk together the melted butter, buttermilk, oil, vanilla, rum extract, and yolks in a medium bowl.nIn a clean bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites at mediumhigh speed until foamy, about 30 seconds. With the machine running, gradually add the remaining 14 cup sugar continue to beat until stiff peaks just form, 30 to 60 seconds. Transfer to a separate bowl and set aside. Wash the bowl and dry.nAdd the flour mixture to the nowempty mixing bowl fitted with whisk attachment. With mixer running at low speed, gradually pour in the butter mixture and mix until almost incorporated a few streaks of dry flour will remain, about 15 seconds. Stop the mixer and scrape the whisk and sides of the bowl. Return the mixer to mediumlow speed and beat until smooth and fully incorporated, 10 to 15 seconds.nUsing a rubber spatula, stir 13 of the whites into the batter to lighten, and then add the remaining whites and gently fold into the batter until no white streaks remain. Quickly fold in the reserved raisins.nFill the cupcake molds 78 full and bake until just firm, about 10 minutes. Let cool in the pan set on a baking rack for 5 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the tins and let cool completely on the racks. Frost with the rum raisin buttercream., ingredients: [1 12 cups golden rum, 1 tablespoon pure cane sugar, 1 cup golden raisins, 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 2 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 to 4 cups organic powdered sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon pure rum extract, Nonstick baking spray, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 34 cups pure cane sugar, divided, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure rum extract, 6 large egg yolks, room temperature], title: Rum Raisin Cupcakes with Rum Raisin Buttercream, picturelink: UXjU51CcGmHCohViqW9bFR7aLFba}, 93: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo sushi matnCan be found at specialty Asian marketsnServing suggestion: wasabi, sweet picked ginger, soy saucenIn a medium bowl, mix together the crabmeat, mayonnaise, lemon juice, and sugar.nPlace a piece of plastic wrap on the sushi mat. Using wet fingers, spread 1 14 cups of the rice evenly over the plastic wrap to form a rectangle slightly smaller than the sushi mat. Lay a sheet of nori over the rice. Arrange 14 of the crab mixture along the center of the nori leaving a 2inch border at the top. Top the crab mixture with 14 of the avocado slices, 14 of the mango slices, and 14 of the red bell pepper slices. Using the sushi mat as a guide, fold the rice over the filling and roll into a cylinder. Remove the plastic wrap. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Sprinkle each roll with the black sesame seeds.nTo serve, using a sharp, damp knife, slice each cylinder into 6 pieces rewet the knife after each slice. Arrange the crab rolls on a serving platter and serve with wasabi, sweet pickled ginger and soy sauce.nCan be found at specialty Asian marketsnPlace the rice and water in a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil. Cover the pan and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 25 minutes. Sprinkle the vinegar over the rice and mix with a fork. Transfer the cooked rice to a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Allow the rice to cool completely before using., ingredients: [1 pound lump crabmeat, drained and patted dry with paper towels, 14 cup mayonnaise, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 4 teaspoons light brown sugar, 5 cups cooked Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 4 toasted nori sheets, 1 avocado, seeded, peeled and cut into thin slices, 1 mango, peeled and cut into thin slices, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin slices, 14 cup black sesame seeds, 2 cups shortgrain sushi rice recommended: Kokuho Rose, 2 12 cups water, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar], title: Crab, Avocado and Mango Roll, picturelink: b8GDEmoS7K1UGxev1IRfYnDQK3xOhi}, 94: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the onion, zucchini, peppers and mushrooms together with the KC MasterpieceR Buffalo Marinade. Spread the onion, zucchini, yellow pepper, and mushrooms in a single layer on a parchmentlined baking sheet and roast for 25 minutes or until the vegetables have softened and the edges are browned. This can be done a day in advance.nPreheat the grill or rectangular grill pan over medium heat.nOn a lightlyfloured work surface, roll out the pizza dough into an approximately 8inch by 14inch rectangle. Brush the dough with 1 tablespoon olive oil.nLay the dough onto the hot grill, oilside down and brush the top with the remaining olive oil. Grill for 3 to 5 minutes or until the dough is puffed and the underside is browned. Using tongs, turn the pizza over and grill until the dough is firm enough to handle, about 1 minute more.nSpread the Hidden ValleyR Farmhouse Originals Savory Bleu Cheese over the crust. Sprinkle with the vegetables, chicken, and cheese and cover. If using a grill pan cover with a sheet pan or tent with aluminum foil. Cook the pizza until the cheese is melted, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Sprinkle with the chopped oregano. Drizzle with a little of the KC MasterpieceR Buffalo Marinade and Hidden ValleyR Farmhouse Originals Savory Bleu Cheese, if desired. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 medium yellow onion, peeled and sliced, 1 cup sliced zucchini, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, stem removed, seeded and sliced, 12 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 12 cup KC MasterpieceR Buffalo Marinade, plus more for garnish, 1 11ounce container prepared pizza dough, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup Hidden ValleyR Farmhouse Originals Savory Bleu Cheese, plus more for garnish, 1 cup roughly chopped cooked chicken from a store bought rotisserie cooked chicken, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 2 12 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano], title: Veggie n Buffalo Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 95: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the bottom of a 10inch springform pan with cooking spray line the bottom with a round of parchment paper and spray the paper with cooking spray. Place the pan on a sheet of heavyduty aluminum foil and bring the foil up around the sides to enclose the seam between the bottom and the sides of the pan this will prevent water from leaking in.nStir together the graham cracker crumbs and sugar in a mixing bowl. Add the melted butter and mix until the crumbs are coated. Press the mixture firmly into the bottom of the pan and up the sides. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a stand mixer, beat the cream cheese together with the sour cream. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the sugar, cornstarch and vanilla, and beat until smooth.nPour the filling into the prepared crust. Set the foilwrapped pan inside a larger pan, and carefully pour 12 inch of warm water into the larger pan to create a water bath. Bake for 1 hour. Turn off the oven, open the oven door and let the cheesecake stand in the opened oven for 1 hour. Refrigerate the cheesecake for 2 hours or overnight before removing it from the pan.nFor the sauce: Process the strawberries, sugar and lime zest in a food processor or blender until smooth. Chill for at least 1 hour before serving. The sauce is best served cold from the refrigerator., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups fine graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup 12 stick butter, melted, 32 ounces Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, 2 cups sour cream, 4 large eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 to 1 14 cups halved fresh strawberries, 14 cup sugar, 1 lime, zested], title: Joes Say Cheese Cheesecake with Fresh Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: KQl03j571WlPhucnZaEdRGofns3DBq}, 96: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter 2 pieces of foil or parchment paper and set aside. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Saute the vegetables in the butter for 2 to 3 minutes just until they begin to get tender. Add the cream and cook until most of it has been absorbed by the vegetables season with salt and pepper. Place each salmon fillet on the piece of buttered parchment or foil and top with cooked vegetables. Seal the salmon and place the pouch on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove the pouches from the oven transfer the salmon, vegetables and their juices to a heated plate. Serve as is just with French bread or with a side dish of cucumber curls and mint., ingredients: [2 salmon fillets, each about 8 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small carrot and 1 small stalk celery, each peeled and grated, 4 large mushroom caps. thinly sliced, 2 scallions, cut into 3 inch julienne, 14 cup heavy cream, fish stock or lemon juice], title: Baked Salmon Fillets and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 97: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt and set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and then the molasses. In thirds, gently mix in the flour mixture until just combined.nUsing an ice cream scoop, scoop out the cookie dough into 1inch balls onto a sheet tray covered with turbinado sugar. Gently toss the cookies in the sugar, covering them completely. Place the sugarcoated dough balls on another sheet tray and gently squish a little.nBake for 9 to 10 minutes. Remove the cookies to a rack to cool. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch salt, 1 12 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup molasses, Turbinado sugar, for coating], title: Molasses Cookies, picturelink: VtoSqKNESEzFrndhdTrd9i2xGAfPQja}, 98: {instructions: 1. Bring 1 12 cups water to a boil in a small pot. Put the couscous and peas in a large bowl and pour the water over them. Stir once and then cover the top of the bowl with aluminum foil. Set aside to steam for 5 minutes.n2. Uncover the bowl, fluff with a fork and set aside to cool, about 10 minutes. Toss in the prosciutto, mint, lemon juice, olive oil, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [One 7.6ounce box plain or wholewheat couscous, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto 6 to 7 slices, cut into thin strips, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Couscous with Peas, Prosciutto and Mint, picturelink: null}, 99: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over a mediumhigh heat.nCombine butter, chili lime seasoning and lime juice in a bowl and mix well to blend.nUsing a butter knife lightly coat both halves of bread with the lime butter. Place on grill and grill about 4 minutes.nSlice and serve with chicken., ingredients: [2 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons chili lime seasoning, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 loaf French bread, cut in 12 lengthwise], title: Grilled Bread with Zesty Lime Butter, picturelink: aumgKtWiotOJPb.VVoEj5SL.CYJnK2}, 100: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nStrain the chopped canned tomatoes, reserving the juices, and spread onto a baking sheet, season with salt and pepper, to taste, drizzle with 14 cup of the olive oil and roast until caramelized, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a saucepan, heat remaining olive oil over mediumlow heat. Add the celery, carrot, onion and garlic, cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the roasted chopped canned tomatoes, reserved tomato juices, chicken broth, bay leaf and butter. Simmer until vegetables are very tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Add basil and cream, if using. Puree with a hand held immersion blender until smooth., ingredients: [1 14ounce can chopped tomatoes, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 small carrot, diced, 1 yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, optional], title: Homemade Tomato Soup, picturelink: Jge5LNB7U3KOaK2XD45Ieij6DuiNqG}, 101: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the wild rice according to the package instructions. Do not add salt or cook it in broth just cook in plain water. Set aside.nMix together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Mix together the milk, vanilla and eggs in a separate bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, stirring very gently until just combined. Add more milk if the batter seems too thick. It should definitely be thick but easily pourable. Add the melted butter to the batter, stirring gently to combine. Gently stir in the cooked wild rice. Add half at first and see how you like the looks of the batter. Then slowly add in as much as you want.nHeat a skillet over mediumlow heat and add some butter. Pour large spoonfuls of the batter onto the skillet and cook until the pancakes are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining batter.nCook the sausage links according to the package instructions.nServe the pancakes with an obscene amount of butter and warm syrup, along with some strawberries, melon chunks and blueberries., ingredients: [1 cup wild rice, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 12 cups whole milk, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons salted butter, melted, plus more for the skillet and serving, 6 chicken sausage links, Pancake syrup, warmed, for serving, Halved strawberries, for serving, Honeydew melon chunks, for serving, Blueberries, for serving], title: Wild Rice Pancakes, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 102: {instructions: In a saucepan combine raisins, scallions, butter, stock, cinnamon stick, and salt to taste and bring to a boil. Stir in couscous, cover and remove from heat. Allow to sit for 5 minutes. Uncover, fluff couscous with a fork, and stir in almonds. Serve warm at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups homemade chicken stock or broth, Cinnamon stick, 2 cups couscous, Salt to taste, 13 cup toasted, slivered almonds, 14 cup fresh mint, chopped], title: Couscous with Raisins and Almonds, picturelink: null}, 103: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the cookies: In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add the pumpkin, vanilla and egg and mix well. Mix in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg. Drop by tablespoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 10 minutes. Let cool.nFor the frosting: In a small saucepan, combine the brown sugar and butter. Bring to a boil and cook until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Let cool for 10 minutes. Slowly add the milk and whisk until smooth. Slowly whisk in the confectioners sugar until the frosting reaches the desired consistency. Spread the frosting over the cookies and sprinkle with the pecans if using., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup milk, 1 12 to 2 cups confectioners sugar, 34 cup pecans, chopped, optional], title: Old Fashioned Pumpkin Penuche, picturelink: null}, 104: {instructions: Special equipment: 5cup capacity blender Deepfat frying thermometernRemove the chorizo from its casing by splitting 1 end and squeezing out the meat. In a large heavybottomed highsided saute pan, fry the chorizo in the oil until it is grainy but still soft, about 4 minutes, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon to break up the meat and prevent a crust from forming on the bottom of the pan. Set aside and keep hot.nIn a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat, stir the salsa with a wooden spoon until hot and sputtering. Add half the tortilla chips and stir to coat with the salsa, then cook until beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the rest of the tortilla chips, stir to coat with the salsa, and cook until beginning to soften, about 3 to 5 additional minutes. There should be a nice mix of very soft and still slightly crunchy chips when the chiliqueles are finished. Remove from the heat and use a slotted spoon or tongs to heap generous portions into each of 4 bowls. While still piping hot, top with the grated Cheddar and Montery Jack cheeses, chorizo, a dollop of sour cream, and a sprinkling of red onion and cilantro. Serve hot with Guacamole on the side.nIn a medium stock pot, place the tomatoes, onion, jalapeno, and garlic and cover with 2 quarts water. Bring to a boil over high heat and let cook 5 to 8 minutes, until the vegetables are very soft. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a blender and puree until smooth with the cilantro and salt. If the salsa is too thick it should have the consistency of a very thick soup, add a little of the cooking liquid. Check seasoning and add additional salt, if necessary, and pepper, to taste.nIn a large highsided saute pan over medium heat, bring the oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the chips in small batches until crisp and lightly golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. They will continue to darken while resting. With tongs or a metal frying ladle, transfer the chips to a large bowl lined with paper towels. Season with the salt and paprika while still warm. Repeat with the remaining chips., ingredients: [6 ounces Mexicanstyle pork chorizo recommended: Reynaldos, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cups Stovetop Salsa, recipe follows, Tortilla Chips, recipe follows, 4 ounces Cheddar, grated, 4 ounces Monterey Jack, grated, 12 cup sour cream, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 6 Roma tomatoes, 1 large yellow onion, root removed, peeled, and halved, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves and stems, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups canola oil, 36 corn tortillas, cut into 8 wedges, Salt, Sweet paprika], title: Chilaquiles with Chorizo, picturelink: vRyZVF2NdYPwlG698G3ELX3nf3.d1OK}, 105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for about 4 minutes until almost fully cooked. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp to a plate and tent it with foil. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is translucent, about 6 minutes. Stir in the wine and bring to boil, scraping up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Boil for 1 minute. Stir in the lime juice and parsley. Return the shrimp to the pan and toss to coat with sauce and Continue to cook until the shrimp are fully cooked, about 1 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the shrimp to a serving platter and serve alone or with white rice, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, tail on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup minced onion, 8 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons white wine, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Serving suggestion: cooked white rice], title: Baja Garlic Shrimp, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the eggs: In a large nonstick pan or two medium nonstick pans, add the butter do the division if using 2 pans. Turn the pan on low and allow the butter to gently melt without browning. Once it is melted, tilt and swirl the pan to coat the bottom and the sides this will help you slide the eggs out later.nOk, pay close attention: We are going to Frankenyolk these eggs. That means youll make one egg have two yolks. If you get lucky and get a doubleyolk jumbo egg, go buy a lottery ticket. Crack one egg into the pan. Then separate the second egg over a bowl, leaving just the yolk in one side of the shell and the whites in the bowl. Take the yolk in the shell and, using the edge of the shell, gently break the thick clear albumen egg white of the egg already in the pan and pour the separated yolk right next to the other yolk. Keep the yolks next to each other so they cook at the same time. Repeat this process with the rest of the eggs so you have 4 eggs with 2 yolks each. What to do with the whites Make an egg white omelet the next day if you feel guilty. If not, how about a meringue pie for dessert tonight HaaaiiinCook the eggs on mediumlow heat until the whites are cooked through and the yolks are still runny. This takes a good 8 to 10 minutes, so be patient and work on the other steps. Brown edges on a fried egg are just wrong in my book. If the eggs finish before the other steps, just remove the pans from the heat.nCook the refried beans: In a medium pot, add the oil and chorizo and cook on medium heat, using a wavy potato masher or wooden spoon to break the chorizo into bits to create crumbles like ground beef. Once the orange fat is rendered, add the onions, a tiny pinch of salt and cumin and the garlic and cook, stirring them into the chorizo. When the onions are tender and stained with the fat of the chorizo, add the refried beans and chopped pickled jalapenos. Cook until the beans are softened and loose. If they dry up a bit, add a splash of water or, if you are feeling slightly dangerous, add a bit of the pickling juice from the jalapenos. Keep warm.nChar the tortillas: In a large dry pan castiron, please or griddle over high heat, add the stack of tortillas. Cook and flip in a way that once the bottom tortilla is charred, it moves to the top of the stack, flipped. Continue to flip and alternate sides until each tortilla has had a date with the bottom of the pan. Time to build your platenBuild your plate: Place equal amount of the refried beans on each plate. Slightly level them out with the back of your spoon. Sprinkle each with an equal amount of cheese and then slide a doubleyolk sunnyside up egg on top. Sprinkle some pico de gallo around the edges so you dont mess with the yolks. Season each yolk with salt and a crack of black pepper. Sprinkle the entire plate with cilantro and spritz with lime juice and a shake of hot sauce. Serve each plate with 2 folded charred tortillas., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 jumbo eggs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 pound Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 12 cup chopped Vidalia onions, Kosher salt, Pinch of cumin, 1 clove garlic, minced, One 16ounce can refried beans, 6 to 8 pickled jalapeno slices, finely chopped, Pickled jalapeno juice, optional, Eight 6inch corn tortillas, Shredded Monterey Jack, for serving, Pico de gallo, for serving, Kosher salt and freshly cracked coarse black pepper, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Sunnys Insta Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 107: {instructions: Heat the heavy cream in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan until bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan. Make sure you chopped the chocolate as finely as possible to allow it to melt quickly and easily. Place the chopped chocolate in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Make a ganache by pouring about half of the hot cream over the chocolate and letting it sit for 30 seconds to melt the chocolate. Then, slowly whisk until smooth and homogenous. Do not add all of the hot cream to the cold chocolate at once. The shock of the temperature extremes will cause the fat in the chocolate to separate. As the chocolate melts, you will see some elasticity if there is no fat separation. This means the chocolate still has an emulsion the fat molecules are still holding together. If the ganache separates, it loses its elasticity, collapses, and becomes very liquid. I use a handheld immersion blender to ensure a smooth ganache and to keep the emulsion of the chocolate. Add the remaining cream gradually and mix until all of the hot cream is incorporated and the ganache is smooth and homogenous.nIf the ganache separates, it is very easy to fix. Simply add a small amount of cold cream and whisk well. This will bring the ganache back together. The ganache should be thick, shiny, and smooth. Add the desired flavoring and mix until fully incorporated. Pour the ganache onto a plastic wrapcovered baking sheet and spread evenly with a rubber spatula. Cover the ganache with plastic wrap and allow it to cool for at least 4 hours at room temperature. I usually make the ganache at the end of the day and let it cool overnight. As it cools, it will thicken and set.nWhen the ganache has cooled to the consistency of toothpaste, use an offset spatula to cover the cake layer with the ganache., ingredients: [4 14 cups 35 ounces, 1000 grams heavy cream, 7 cups 42 ounces, 1200 grams bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup 4 ounces, 120 grams Grand Marnier or Stoli], title: Ganache Filling for cake, picturelink: null}, 108: {instructions: To prepare the leeks: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Remove the heavy dark green leaves of the leeks, cut into 14inch circles, and rinse well in cold water. You should have about 2 cups. Pour the melted butter into a small ovenproof casserole, add the leeks, mint, salt, and pepper, and pour over the heavy cream. Toss to distribute evenly. Bake in the oven for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and keep warm.nTo prepare the salmon: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Season the salmon fillets with salt and pepper on both sides. Place 2 overlapping slices of bacon over each salmon fillet. Lightly oil a large heavy sheet pan and place the salmon on it and roast in the top part of the oven for 10 minutes for medium rare. The bacon should almost melt off.nTo serve: Spoon leeks and their sauce into the center of each of 4 serving plates and place the roasted salmon with bacon on top., ingredients: [3 large leeks about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, Pinch of salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 4 salmon fillets 7 to 8 ounces each, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt or table salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 very thin slices of bacon, preferably applewood smoked], title: BaconRoasted Salmon on Baked Leeks with Cream and Mint, picturelink: null}, 109: {instructions: Place the sugar, Vitamin C and paprika into a 1gallon ziptop bag, seal and shake to combine. Add the peaches and toss to coat well. Lay the bag flat on a counter and using a straw, suck out any remaining air in the bag. Return to the freezer.nPlace the sugar, Vitamin C and paprika into a 1gallon ziptop bag, seal and shake to combine. Add the peaches and toss to coat well. Lay the bag flat on a counter and using a straw, suck out any remaining air in the bag. Return to the freezer., ingredients: [4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground childrens Vitamin C, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 pound peeled and pitted fresh peaches, cut into 12inch thick slices, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground childrens Vitamin C, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 pound peeled and pitted fresh peaches, cut into 12inch thick slices], title: Frozen Peaches, picturelink: null}, 110: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium low. Whisk the panko, brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, the cinnamon, allspice, ginger and cloves in a medium bowl until combined. In another bowl, toss the rhubarb with the remaining 23 cup granulated sugar and the lemon juice to coat.nButter a shallow 8inch ovenproof skillet or flameproof baking dish. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons of the breadcrumb mixture in the bottom of the skillet. Top with the rhubarb, then sprinkle with the remaining crumbs and the almonds. Dot with the cutup butter.nPut the skillet on the center of the grill close the lid or place a disposable roasting pan over the skillet. Grill until the filling is bubbly and the topping is golden brown and crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Serve warm and top with strawberry ice cream.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 23 cup plus 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch of ground cloves, 5 stalks rhubarb, cut into 1inch pieces about 4 cups, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup roughly chopped almonds with skins, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for the skillet, Strawberry ice cream, for serving], title: Grilled Rhubarb Brown Betty, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 111: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hummus:nPlace chickpeas, garlic, cayenne pepper, lemon juice, honey and tahini in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the pizza:nHeat the grill to high. Brush both sides of the pizzas with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side.nTop each pizza with the spicy hummus. Arrange any or all of the veggies on top of the hummus and top with the goat cheese. Season with salt, pepper and ancho powder. Place the bread back on the grill, close the cover and grill for 5 minutes to heat through. Remove and add black olives and fresh basil.nIn a large bowl stir together 13 cup water, yeast, and sugar and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in remaining 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 34 cups flour, cornmeal, and salt and blend until the mixture forms a dough. Knead dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of remaining 14 cup flour, as necessary, to prevent dough from sticking, until smooth about 5 to 10 minutes. Form the dough into a ball.nLightly oil the sides and bottom of a large bowl with oil, add the dough, turn to coat in the oil, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Gently punch the dough down and divide into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece on a lightly floured surface into a 10inch circle that is 18inch thick. Brush off excess flour and transfer the dough to a baking sheet, cover each circle of dough with plastic wrap and continue stacking rolled out pieces on top of each other. Wrap well with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to grill., ingredients: [3 cups cooked chickpeas, from dried, or canned, drained and rinsed, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons tahini, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 Pizza Dough, rolled into 2 10inch rounds, recipe follows, Canola oil, 2 grilled red peppers, cut into strips, 6 grilled scallions, thinly sliced, 1 Japanese eggplant, cut in 12 and grilled, 1 zucchini, cut in half and grilled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ancho powder, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 14 cup chopped black kalamata olives, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 23 cup lukewarm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for oiling bowl, 1 34 to 2 cups allpurpose unbleached flour, 14 cup finely ground yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons coarse salt], title: Grilled Pizza with Spicy Hummus, Vegetables, Goat Cheese and Black Olives, picturelink: B9PRqhXYxGwBc1OpYgW0Tx1sZjwH86}, 112: {instructions: Toss the chicken pieces in a mixing bowl with the cornstarch, white pepper and salt to coat. Set aside for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil to 350 degrees F in a wok over mediumhigh heat, or until a small cube of bread dropped into the oil floats and turns golden brown in 10 to 15 seconds. Add the chicken and cook, stirring frequently with a slotted spoon, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain. Drain all but 1 tablespoon of the oil from the wok.nReturn the wok to mediumhigh heat and the garlic, ginger and jalapenos and stirfry briefly until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the peppercorns and dried chiles and toast, tossing continuously until fragrant and the chiles begin to blacken, about 30 seconds. Return the chicken to the wok, add the green peppers and toss until very hot and beginning to soften, about 2 minutes.nPour in the vinegar and soy and toss until well combined. Add the chili oil and cook until heated through.nTransfer the chicken to a large shallow bowl, drizzle the sesame oil over the top and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds bonein skinless chicken thighs, cut into 2inch chunks through the bone, 2 heaping tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, Pinch sea salt 2 cups peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced into coins, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, 10 whole dried red chiles, such as Sichuan or Arbol, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 to 3 tablespoons Chinkiang black rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 14 cup chili oil, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, for garnish], title: Spicy FourChile Pepper Chicken, picturelink: null}, 113: {instructions: Blanch the string beans in a large pot of boiling salted water for 1 minute only. Lift the beans from the water with a slotted spoon or sieve and immerse them in a bowl of ice water. Add the snap peas to the same boiling water and cook for 1 minute, until al dente, adding them to the ice water and the beans. Cut the asparagus into 2inch lengths diagonally and cook in the boiling water for 2 minutes, and add to the ice water. Cut the broccolini in half, boil for 1 minute, and add to the ice water. When all the vegetables in the water are cold, drain well.nWhen ready to serve, heat the butter and oil in a very large saute pan or large pot. Saute the shallots over medium heat for 5 minutes, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned. Add the drained vegetables to the shallots with 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper and toss. Cook just until the vegetables are heated through. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 pound French string beans haricots verts, ends removed, Kosher salt, 14 pound sugar snap peas, ends and strings removed, 14 pound asparagus, ends removed, 12 pound broccolini, ends removed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 3 large shallots, sliced, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Green Spring Vegetables, picturelink: FVLSmI5KqBxNtLefTGJUEI927mRtOU2}, 114: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRemove the neck and gizzard from the turkey and discard. Rinse the bird thoroughly with cold water and pat dry. Using your fingers, gently loosen the skin from the breasts and drumsticks and slip the sage leaves underneath. Rub the entire surface with 14 cup of the melted butter. Lightly sprinkle the skin and cavity with salt and pepper.nTruss the turkey and place on a rack in a large roasting pan. Roast for about 45 minutes, until brown, basting with the remaining butter every 10 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 F and continue roasting for another 1 14 hours or until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 180 degrees F. If the legs or breast brown too quickly, cover them with foil.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and allow it to rest 20 to 30 minutes before carving.nTo serve, cut down along each breast and remove it whole. Cut the breast into slices, the way you would a loaf of bread. Place on a large serving platter and arrange the thigh meat in chunks and the legs on top. Spoon some pomegranate sauce over the top and sprinkle everything with the pomegranate seeds and chives. Serve the remaining Pomegranate Sauce and the Wild Rice and Goat Cheese Stuffing alongside.nYou can reheat sliced turkey over medium heat in stock just to cover. Top with sauce, pomegranate seeds, and chives just before serving.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat, and sweat the onion and garlic until the onion is tender, about 3 minutes. Add the peppercorns and cook another 3 minutes.nAdd the port and cook, stirring, until most of it has evaporated. Add the stock, pomegranate juice, molasses and brown sugar, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and reduce slowly to a sauce consistency. As the sugars caramelize, the sauce will turn brownish red. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and add chives and pomegranate seeds.nPlace the rice, water, and salt to taste in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until the grains open all the way. Drain the rice.nMeanwhile, cook the chorizo in a small saucepan over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the chorizo gets a little crisp. Drain.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, carrots, and celery and sweat until the onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Add the rice, chorizo, bread, cheese, parsley, thyme, and stock and stir to combine. The mixture should be quite wet: add a little more stock or water, if needed. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTransfer to a 6cup buttered baking dish and bake, uncovered, until golden brown and heated through, 25 to 30 minutes. May be refrigerated up to 1 day reheat with a little chicken stock for 20 minutes at 350 degrees F., ingredients: [1 fresh turkey, about 16 pounds, 20 fresh sage leaves, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, melted, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Pomegranate Sauce, recipe follows, Wild Rice and Goat Cheese Stuffing, recipe follows, Chopped chives, for garnish, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish, 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 cup port wine, 6 cups homemade chicken stock, 2 cups pomegranate juice or substitute cranberry juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 12 cup pomegranate seeds, 1 12 cups wild rice, 5 cups water, Salt, 12 cup coarsely diced chorizo, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 3 celery stalks, finely chopped, 34 pound stale countrystyle bread, cubed, 6 ounces goat cheese, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 cups chicken stock, plus extra, if needed], title: Roasted Turkey with Pomegranate Sauce and Wild Rice and Goat Cheese Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 115: {instructions: To make the dough by hand: Whisk together the flour, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Using your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with beansize bits of butter. If the flourbutter mixture gets warm, refrigerate it for 10 minutes before proceeding. Add the egg and stir the dough together with a fork or by hand in the bowl. If the dough is dry, sprinkle up to a tablespoon more of cold water over the mixture.nTo make the dough in a food processor: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor fitted with the metal blade until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with beansize bits of butter, about 10 times. Add the egg and pulse 1 to 2 times dont let the dough form into a ball in the machine. If the dough is very dry, add up to a tablespoon more of cold water. Remove the bowl from the machine, remove the blade and bring the dough together by hand.nForm the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 1 hour.nFor the filling: Put the lemon juice in a medium bowl. Peel, halve and core the apples. Cut each half into 4 wedges. Toss the apples with the lemon juice. Add the sugar and toss to combine evenly.nMelt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Add the apples and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the apples soften and release most of their juices, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the blackberries and gently stir until they just start to break down, 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour, cinnamon and nutmeg over the fruit and gently stir until the liquid thickens, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl to cool completely. This filling can be made up to 2 days ahead and refrigerated.nCut the dough in half. On a lightly floured surface, roll each half into a disc 11 to 12 inches wide. Layer the dough between pieces of parchment or wax paper on a baking sheet and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes.nPlace a baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the bottom of a 9inch pie pan with one of the discs of dough, and trim it so it lays about 12 inch beyond the edge of the pan. Evenly layer the appleberry filling in the pan.nUse a chefs knife or a pizza cutter and cut the second round into 12inch thick strips. Lay strips of dough, evenly spaced, across the entire pie. Weave more strips of dough perpendicular through the previous strips to make a lattice or basket weave design across the entire pie. Trim the excess ends from the strips of dough. Pinch the bottom crust edge and lattice edge together, and flute the edge as desired. Brush the surface of the dough with egg and then sprinkle with sugar. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nBake the pie on the preheated baking sheet until the crust is golden, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool on a rack for at least 3 hours before serving. The pie keeps well at room temperature covered for 24 hours, or refrigerated for up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 pounds baking apples like Golden Delicious, Cortland or Mutsu, 23 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling on the pie, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 cups blackberries, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Generous pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: AppleBerry Lattice Pie, picturelink: null}, 116: {instructions: Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add chile, Adobo sauce and chicken and stir until heated through. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPull open Bolillo lengthwise. Mix mayonnaise, cilantro and cumin in small bowl. Spread mixture over inside of Bolillo. Line half of Bolillo with lettuce and half with tomato slices. Spoon chicken mixture inside. Sprinkle with cheese. Press together and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 red onion, very thinly sliced, 12 Poblano chile, roasted, seeded, cut julienne, 14 cup Adobo, see recipe, or favorite barbecue sauce, 12 cup shredded cooked chicken, 1 Bolillo found at specialty stores, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup crumbled Cotija, Pinch of ground cumin, Shredded lettuce, Tomato slices], title: Barbecue Chicken Torta, picturelink: null}, 117: {instructions: Heat the oil a large heavy skillet over moderately low heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, stirring, until softened. Raise the heat slightly, add the pork and cook, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until no longer pink. Pour off any excess fat, add the raisins, tomato sauce, olives, cinnamon, cloves, and salt and pepper, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 to 15 minutes. The picadillo may be made 1 day in advance, kept covered, chilled, and reheated before proceeding.nPour enough oil into a straightsided skillet to reach about 12inch up the sides. Heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Fry the tortillas, 1 at a time, folding them almost in half with tongs to form taco shells until crisp, and transfer them to a paper towellined plate to drain. Divide the picadillo among the tacos, top with some of the lettuce and radish and serve with lime wedges and cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds ground pork, 13 cup raisins, 1 12 cups prepared tomato sauce, 12 cup sliced pimientostuffed green olives, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying the tortillas, 12 7inch corn tortillas, 3 cups shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, 1 12 cups coarsely grated radishes, Lime wedges, Shredded Jack cheese], title: Picadillo Tacos, picturelink: null}, 118: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all ingredients in a medium saucepan and simmer for 1 hour. Strain into a bowl.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place squash in a baking dish and brush the cut side with the softened butter and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bake in the oven covered for 20 minutes, remove foil and continue baking for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tender. Remove the squash from the oven and scoop out the pulp from the skin. Place the squash in a large saucepan and add the stock. Simmer for 20 minutes. Transfer in batches to a blender and strain through a chinois into a medium saucepan. Heat the olive oil in a small saute pan, add the saffron and saute for 30 seconds add the water and bring to a boil. Add the saffron mixture to the soup and season with the spices and cook for 10 minutes, adding more stock or water, if necessary. Remove from the heat and whisk in the creme fraiche and harissa and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Ladle into bowls and float a few croutons on top. Garnish with finely sliced chives.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Brush bread slices with olive oil and sprinkle with paprika on 1 side. Bake in the oven on a baking sheet for 5 to 10 minutes, or lightly golden brown. Remove from oven and sprinkle with almonds., ingredients: [1 Spanish onion, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 parsley sprigs, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 6 black peppercorns, 6 cups cold water, 2 butternut squash, halved and seeded, 3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, Vegetable stock, recipe above, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Pinch saffron, 14 cup hot water, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Pinch cloves, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons harissa, Almond croutons, recipe follows, Finely chopped chives, French baguette, cut into 14inch slices, Olive oil, Spanish paprika, 14 cup toasted almonds, coarsely chopped], title: Roasted Butternut Squash and Saffron Soup with Toasted Almond Croutons, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason all sides of the beef with a fair amount of salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven, or other heavy pot that has a tight cover, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over moderately high heat. Add the garlic and the beef to the pot, browning the meat on all sides, taking the time to get a nice crust on the outside. Add the onion and allow to lightly brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, plus 1 tomato can of water, spices, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add enough water to cover the meat. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer with a lid for 3 hours until the meat is fork tender. Let meat cool in the liquid. Shred meat and set aside.nHeat a large pot of oil over medium heat. When oil reaches 350 degrees F, fry the corn tortillas 1 at a time. Place the tortilla in the oil and wait about 30 seconds. Then use the handle of a wooden spoon to press down into the center of the tortilla and fold it in the middle. Hold down for a few seconds waiting for the tortilla to form into taco shell and then drain on paper towels. Season with salt.nTo make salsa, pulse all the ingredients, except the tomato juice, in a food processor. Add the reserved tomato juice if the salsa is too thick. Drizzle salsa with olive oil, cover with plastic wrap and set aside, allowing the flavors to marry.nTo assemble the tacos:nLay some shredded cabbage as a base. Top with some shredded beef. Serve alongside Guacamole and salsa. Garnish with fresh cilantro leaves.nHalve and pit the avocados. With a tablespoon, scoop out the flesh into a mixing bowl. Mash the avocados using either a fork or potato masher, leaving them still a bit chunky. Add the remaining ingredients, and fold everything together. Drizzle with a little olive oil, adjust seasoning with salt and pepper and give it 1 final mix with a fork.nLay a piece of plastic wrap tight on the surface of the guacamole so it doesnt brown and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds beef shoulder, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, sliced, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, recommended: San Marzano, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 bay leaves, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 6 fresh medium corn tortillas, 3 cups finely shredded white cabbage, Guacamole, recipe follows, 14 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, reserving the juice recommended: San Marzano, 1 small red onion, roughly chopped, 1 Serrano chile, 1 garlic clove, roughly chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 6 ripe avocados, 3 limes, juiced, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, smashed then minced, 2 serrano chiles, cut into rounds, 1 big handful fresh cilantro with stems, about 12 cup, finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mexican Pot Roast Tacos, picturelink: aLlOOHPNoedUNuQF7lmAX3QBS1t6uuG}, 120: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the hushpuppies: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until beginning to show color, about 8 minutes. Let cool completely.nCombine the creamed corn, cornmeal, flour, milk, baking powder, salt, sugar and sauteed onion in a large container. Cover and let sit overnight.nFor the honey datil sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, sriracha, pepper sauce and honey in a large bowl and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to serve, preferably at least a few hours.nFor the fresh horseradish aioli: Combine the mayonnaise, horseradish, relish, fresh horseradish root, pepper sauce and lemon juice in a large bowl and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to serve, preferably at least a few hours.nMake the hushpuppies: Dice the alligator, duck bacon and ham into small uniform pieces about 14 inch. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pan or skillet over medium heat. Add the duck bacon and begin to cook.nWhen the bacon is about half cooked, about 4 minutes, add the alligator and stir to combine. Cook the alligator through, about 5 minutes, then add the country ham and cook over medium or medium low until the ham is heated through, being careful not to overcook the bacon. Turn off the heat, remove the meat from the pan and let cool to room temperature. Add the meat to the cornmeal batter and mix to combine.nHeat 3 to 4 inches of the vegetable oil in a deepfry pan to 320 degrees F.nSpoon 2ounce balls of batter into the oil and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes per batch. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels and let cool slightly before serving with the honey datil sauce and fresh horseradish aioli., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil or unsalted butter, 1 cup minced white onion, 32 ounces canned creamed corn, 1 pound cornmeal, 8 ounces allpurpose flour, 4 ounces milk, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 ounce sea salt, 12 ounce sugar, 2 pounds alligator filet, 6 ounces duck bacon, 6 ounces country ham, 1 pint vegetable oil, for frying, 16 ounces mayonnaise, 1 12 ounces sriracha, 1 14 ounces datil pepper sauce, 1 ounce honey, 16 ounces mayonnaise, 4 ounces prepared horseradish, 1 ounce relish, 12 ounce grated fresh horseradish root, 1 tablespoon datil pepper sauce, plus more to taste, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Alligator Hushpuppies, picturelink: jrT1RnMVCRgIESFmBs1o7VKfnoqkRO}, 121: {instructions: Toast the bread in a toaster or oven until it is very brown.nImmediately after removing the bread from the toaster, rub a garlic clove over the entire surface of 1 side. Each slice should use up about 14 to 13 of a clove. Be careful, when the garlic meets the toasts hot surface, it will create fumes that sting your eyes, just like an onion.nGenerously drizzle olive oil over the top of each slice. Sprinkle with salt and a generous amount of pepper. Top with 1 or 2 slices of prosciutto. Slice into 1inch strips, or quarters, and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 slices rustic countrystyle or sourdough bread, thickly sliced, 4 cloves garlic peeled, 14 cup best available virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 pound prosciutto], title: Bruschetta di Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 122: {instructions: Prepare the oranges: Remove the peel from 2 oranges with a vegetable peeler. Cut the white pith off the back with a very sharp knife. Cut into julienne, and blanch three times in boiling water. Drain and rinse under cold water. Set aside. Squeeze the juice of those 2 oranges and reserve. Peel and cut the remaining 2 oranges into sections, draining their juice into the other juice, and set the sections aside. You now have one dish of blanched julienned orange zest, about 1 cup250 ml orange juice, and a dish of orange sections.nPrepare the duck breasts: Score the fat side of the breasts with a knife. Set them fatside down in a pan over low heat and render the fat, about 10 minutes. Remove the duck and pour off the fat. Increase the heat in the pan and put the breasts back in skinside down. Saute until done to your liking, or about 7 minutes on the fat side, then another 3 on the other. Remove to a carving board to rest, covering to keep warm.nMake the sauce: Put the sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a saucepan, bring to a boil and cook until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the vinegar and orange juice. Reduce slightly. Now add the stock and the zests. Boil down to sauce consistency. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Check the seasonings. Add the orange sections. Carve the duck breasts and arrange on a serving platter. Spoon over the sauce, and serve., ingredients: [4 oranges, washed, 2 duck breasts, about 34 pound375 g each, 14 cup55 g sugar, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 23 cup duck, chicken or veal stock, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Squirt lemon juice], title: Duck a lOrange, picturelink: null}, 123: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together mustard, vinegars and sugar. Drizzle in oil and season with salt and pepper. Check for seasoning. Dress upland cress with vinaigrette. Lay out the bread and cover with the salmon. Sandwich a pile of upland cress between the bread. Slice off the crusts and serve with side of cress salad., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Chinese vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup canola oil, 2 cups upland cress may substitute watercress, 4 slices sour dough bread, 8 to 12 slices of tea smoked salmon, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Tea Smoked Salmon and Upland Cress Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 124: {instructions: Cook onion, garlic, and ginger in 1 tablespoon oil in a 5quart heavy pot over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened, about 4 minutes. Add the pumpkin and wine, and boil, uncovered, until wine is reduced by about half, about 5 minutes. Stir in stock and simmer, covered, until pumpkin is tender, about 20 minutes.nHeat remaining tablespoon oil in a 10inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute lemongrass, galangal, and chiles to taste, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Remove from heat.nPuree pumpkin mixture in batches use caution when blending hot liquids and return to pot. Stir in lemongrass mixture, lime leaves, lime juice, fish sauce, and sugar. Simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Pour soup through a sieve, discarding solids, and season well with salt and pepper. Garnish with pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 3pound sugar or cheese pumpkin, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1inch cubes 6 cups, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 quarts chicken stock, or 1 quart canned chicken broth and 1 quart water, 6 lemongrass stalks bottom 5inches only, coarsely chopped, 1 1inch piece galangal thawed if frozen, peeled and coarsely chopped, 3 to 5 fresh 1 12inch Thai chiles or 2 fresh jalapeno chiles, trimmed and coarsely chopped seed chiles if a milder flavor is desired, 4 kaffir lime leaves fresh or frozen, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, Accompaniment: toasted pumpkin seeds, recipe follows], title: HotandSour Pumpkin Soup, picturelink: null}, 125: {instructions: Combine the pork, onion, garlic, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a 6 to 8quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on low, 7 hours.nRemove the pork and garlic from the slow cooker to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Strain the juices, discarding the onion transfer 34 cup of the juices to a small saucepan. Add the ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, pickle brine and hot sauce. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is just starting to simmer and thicken, about 5 minutes.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet preferably castiron over high heat. Add the pork and garlic shred the meat with two forks. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the pork is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nToast the bread. Top with the pork, sauce and coleslaw. Serve with the pickles., ingredients: [1 2pound boneless pork shoulder, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 onion, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons spicy yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 14 cup sliced pickles, plus 2 tablespoons brine, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 slices Texas toast or other thick white bread, 1 14 cups prepared coleslaw], title: SlowCooker Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 126: {instructions: Season the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and dust them with some of the flour.nPlace the oil in a large, heavygauge stockpot and bring it to the smoking point over high heat. Add the chicken, and cook for 7 to 10 minutes, or until the pieces are brown on one side. Turn the pieces and repeat on the other side. Remove the chicken from the pot.nReturn the oil to the smoking point, add the onions, peppers, and garlic to the pot, and stir. Cover and let cook for about 12 minutes, stirring occasionally and taking care not to let the vegetables burn. Add the remaining flour and saute for 5 minutes, scraping the bottom and sides of the pot with a wooden spoon. Be careful not to burn the mixture, but allow it to turn dark brown, take on a nutty aroma, and dry out. Add the thyme and sage, adjust the salt and pepper, and gradually add the water, stirring constantly to prevent lumps and burning. When everything is well mixed, return the chicken to the pot, bring to a boil, and reduce to a simmer.nCook for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the chicken is tender and almost falling off the bones. Stir occasionally. Remove the chicken and adjust the sauce consistency to your liking by either reducing or adding a bit of water. Skim off any excess fat, if needed. Adjust seasoning with hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Serve with boiled rice., ingredients: [1 chicken, about 3 12 pounds, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, in large dice, 2 medium bell peppers, in large dice, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded, stemmed, and minced, 15 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons dried sage, 3 cups water, Hot sauce to taste], title: Chicken Etouffee, picturelink: null}, 127: {instructions: In large saucepan or stockpot heat the oil or butter. Add pasta and saute until golden, stirring frequently and being careful not to burn. Stir in chiles and cook for 2 minutes longer. Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, garlic, onion, water and salt in a blender. Puree until smooth. Add tomato puree and stock to browned pasta. Cook over mediumlow heat until the noodles soften and the flavors meld, about 15 minutes. Serve hot with the sliced avocado and cilantro as garnish., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil or 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 ounces fideo, vermicelli or angel hair pasta, broken into 1inch pieces, 3  4 dried or canned Morita or Chipotle chiles cut into, 2 pounds Italian Roma tomatoes, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoon salt, 6 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded and, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, for garnish], title: Fideo Soup, picturelink: null}, 128: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, pulse butter until whipped, and add salt and cheese. Pulse again just until incorporated. Dollop the compound butter towards 1 side of a piece of natural parchment paper or plastic wrap. Roll into a log, twisting opposite ways on both ends to create a tightly wrapped log of butter. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to set. Can be stored up to 1 week in the refrigerator and up to 1 month in the freezer. This could be made into 2 logs, as you will only need half this recipe for the steaks.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOnce butter log is set, slice 12 the whole log into 14inch disks. Cut a slit in the side of each fillet, and stuff with a butter disk. Tie each fillet with kitchen twine to keep it shape and sprinkle pepper each side.nAdd the olive oil to a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, sear each fillet until brown on both sides, about 3 to 5 minutes per side. Move skillet into the preheated oven to cook to desired doneness. Put another disk of the compound butter on top of each fillet just about 3 minutes before removing from oven, to just begin to melt but not melted completely. Remove from the oven and place on serving plates. Eat and enjoy, ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons coarse grey sea salt, 6 ounces Roquefort or Stilton cheese, cut into chunks, 4 to 6 ounces beef fillets, good quality and at least 2inches high, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: BlueCheeseStuffed Fillets, picturelink: AVki9ifyI6hMke5y9d1uZk82xZO5dy}, 129: {instructions: Bring the coconut water and sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Let cool, then transfer the syrup to a 3quart pitcher.nAdd the wine, soda water, rum and lime juice to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the pomegranate seeds, dragon fruits, kiwis and pineapple, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, fill 8 to 10 glasses halfway with ice, then pour the sangria and fruit into each glass., ingredients: [1 cup coconut water, 12 cup sugar, One 750milliliter bottle Sauvignon Blanc or other dry white wine, 1 12 cups soda water, 1 cup coconut rum, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 12 cups pomegranate seeds, 2 dragon fruits, peeled, halved and cut crosswise into 18inchthick slices, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut crosswise into 18inchthick slices, 14 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices], title: PineappleCoconut Sangria, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 130: {instructions: Make the cookies: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the semisweet and milk chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave at 50 percent power until melted, about 2 minutes. Whisk until smooth.nWhisk the melted butter, sour cream, eggs, vinegar, vanilla and food coloring in a bowl until combined. In another bowl, whisk the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nAdd the flour mixture to the butter mixture in four equal batches, whisking each batch completely before adding the next. Stir in the melted chocolate.nScoop heaping tablespoonfuls of batter onto the prepared baking sheets and smooth the tops with a damp finger. Bake until the cookies spring back when lightly pressed, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Beat the cream cheese and butter with a mixer until smooth. Beat in the confectioners sugar and vanilla seeds. Sandwich a heaping tablespoonful of filling between 2 cookies repeat with the remaining cookies and filling. Refrigerate 30 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [1 ounce semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 ounce milk chocolate, chopped, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped], title: Red Velvet Whoopie Pies, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 131: {instructions: In a hot wok, coat with canola oil and brown the garlic. Add the choy sum and season. Add chicken stock and cook for only 3 minutes. Plate up and cover with truffles. The steam of the dish will heat the truffles to release its oil and flavor. If using the shiitakes, add them after the garlic, before adding the choy sum. Garnish with truffle oil., ingredients: [1 large head choy sum, washed and cut into 2inch pieces, 16 cloves of garlic, sliced thinly, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 large black truffle, sliced may substitute with shiitakes and truffle oil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Crispy Garlic Choy Sum with Black Truffles, picturelink: null}, 132: {instructions: In a skillet cook the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until it is pale golden, add the spinach, and cook it, stirring, until it is wilted. Add the beans, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture, stirring gently, for 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound spinach, coarse stems discarded, leaves washed, dried and chopped, 15 ounce can white beans, rinsed and drained well, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Spinach and White Beans with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 133: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small bowl whisk together lime, vinegar and sugar. Pour 12 of the dressing in a small container and set aside. Place onions in a shallow dish, add remaining dressing, and let stand 30 minutes or overnight.nSeason fish with salt and pepper and drizzle with 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Place the fish, skin side down, in a nonstick pan with an oven proof handle. Bake until fish is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Cut fish into 4 pieces and place 1 piece on each serving dish.nPlace watercress, arugula and melon in a large salad bowl. Toss with the remaining 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Add reserved dressing. Toss to combine. Divide dressed greens and melon among plates. Garnish with pickled onion rings., ingredients: [23 cup lime juice, 23 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced into rings, 12 ounces mahi mahi fillet, or any firm white fish with 1inch thick fillets, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 bunch watercress, cleaned and torn into bitesize pieces, 1 bunch arugula, cleaned and torn into bite size pieces, 4 cups melon, cut into 1inch chunks], title: Mahi Mahi with Watercress and Arugula Salad with Melon and Pickled Onions, picturelink: null}, 134: {instructions: Note: The amounts for the ingredients are up to the user.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhile oven is preheating, use a chefs knife to chip chocolate off the block, or crush pistoles into small pieces. This is a fun step that creates a lot of chocolate shavings that can be fun for guests to help clean up by eating. The irregular shapes are good too because they create depth of flavor in the final product due to varying masses of chocolate tucked away in the burritos rolls.nZest the lemon and set aside. Mincing is not necessary.nCrush the walnuts between your palms or gently break with a rolling pin in a towel. Set aside.nPut granulated sugar in a bowl for sprinkling onto the burrito.nSpread 1 phyllo sheet on a baking sheet and brush with melted butter. Top with another phyllo sheet and brush it with butter. Top with a last sheet, but dont butter it on top. I just use 3 sheets but if you like thicker burritos, sprinkle on sugar and add 3 more sheets after brushing on the butter.nSprinkle on chocolate, zest, and nuts, to taste. Be sure to allow room for rolling without bursting the roll. Sugar isnt really necessary inside the roll but a little can be nice.nRoll up the dessert just like a burrito: tuck in sides toward the front then roll up. Also, a straight roll like sushi is fine.nSprinkle phyllo with sugar, put on a baking sheet no greasing or parchment necessary, and bake for 5 to 8 minutes until just barely browned.nRemove, wait 5 minutes, then cut into bite size pieces with a sharp knife. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Block of bittersweet chocolate, about 1 cup size, 1 lemon, 12 to 1 cup walnuts, Granulated sugar, 3 to 6 sheets phyllo dough, thawed, Unsalted butter, melted for brushing], title: Chocolate Burritos, picturelink: null}, 135: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring the water to a boil in a medium sized, heavy, ovenproof saucepan. Add the rice, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes, until rice is nearly cooked. In a large bowl, whisk the soymilk, sugar, and salt. When the rice is cooked and still hot, add the soymilk mixture and cinnamon stick. Cover, place in the oven and cook for 45 minutes.nRemove from the oven, uncover, and remove the cinnamon stick. Stir in the vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg. Pudding will be slightly liquidy the liquid will continue to absorb into the rice and thicken as the pudding cools. Distribute among 8 bowls, drizzle each with 1 teaspoon of the condensed milk. Dust with cinnamon and nutmeg, if desired. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup Arborio rice, 3 cups vanilla soy milk, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons sweetened condensed milk], title: Rice Pudding, picturelink: 3dDEvrDa3luAF15y0wEABYeEvxkkCA6}, 136: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together brown sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon. Add plums, lemon juice, and butter. Toss mixture well and spoon into a shallow 3quart baking dish.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nIn a food processor pulse together granulated sugar, flour, baking powder, salt, and 12 cup almonds until almonds are ground finely. Add the egg and pulse until blended. Spoon flour mixture over plum mixture, pulling some plum wedges up for presentation. Sprinkle remaining 14 cup almonds over cobbler.nBake cobbler in the middle of oven 45 minutes, or until golden and bubbling, and cool on rack. Serve cobbler warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 12 pounds prune plums or other plums, pitted and quartered, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sliced almonds, 1 large egg, beaten lightly], title: Plum and Almond Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 137: {instructions: Special equipment: fish kettle or baking sheetnBring the potatoes to the boil, adding a pinch of salt. Turn down heat and cook for 20 minutes. Drain and mash thoroughly to get rid of lumps. Add 4 tablespoons butter, salt and freshly ground pepper.nCombine the oil, vinegar, salt and pepper in a small bowl to make a marinade. Dip the fish in it and wrap each piece in foil, with a sprig of parsley. Put parcels in fish kettle or on baking sheet. Add boiling water and steam for 10 to 12 minutes until the juices flow. Remove from silver foil and check for bones. Flake it into big chunks and combine with the mashed potatoes in a big bowl.nIn a frying pan, saute the chopped shallot, scallions, chives, parsley, fennel, dill, garlic and chile in 4 tablespoons butter and olive oil until soft. Combine with potatoes and fish. Cover with clingfilm and leave to chill in refrigerator for 30 minutes, see Cooks Note.nRemove and form the fishcakes using a dessertspoon and pat them into shape. Dust with flour. Heat sunflower oil in frying pan until very hot and fry the cakes for 3 or 4 minutes on each side until golden brown. Dry them on paper towels.nGarnish with parsley and slices of lemon., ingredients: [6 large potatoes cut into quarters, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick butter, divided, 1 pound salmon, 1 pound cod, 3 tablespoons olive oil, for dipping fish, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, for dipping fish, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 4 scallions, finely chopped, Handful chives, parsley, fennel and dill, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped, Flour, 3 tablespoons sunflower oil, for frying, Parsley sprigs and lemon slices, for garnish Serving suggestion: green salad], title: Salmon and Cod Fishcakes, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 138: {instructions: , ingredients: [1 cup rice, 2 cup milk, 3 cup wheat], title: Title, picturelink: null}, 139: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using a butter knife or offset spatula, spread bread with butter. Using a 1 34inch heartshaped cookie cutter, cut out 4 hearts per slice. Remove excess and save for bread crumbs. Bake hearts until golden brown, 13 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 pound very thin, white sandwich bread, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Toast Point Hearts, picturelink: null}, 140: {instructions: In a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat, cook the bacon and olive oil until the bacon is crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and reserve. Reduce the heat to medium, add the onions and butter to the fat, and cook for 10 minutes, until the onions are translucent.nStir in the flour, salt, pepper, and turmeric and cook for 3 minutes. Add the chicken stock and potatoes, bring to a boil, and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes, until the potatoes are tender. If using fresh corn, cut the kernels off the cob and blanch them for 3 minutes in boiling salted water. Drain. If using frozen corn you can skip this step. Add the corn to the soup, then add the halfandhalf and cheddar. Cook for 5 more minutes, until the cheese is melted. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve hot with a garnish of bacon., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, chopped, 14 cup good olive oil, 6 cups chopped yellow onions 4 large onions, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 cups chicken stock, 6 cups mediumdiced white boiling potatoes, unpeeled 2 pounds, 10 cups corn kernels, fresh 10 ears or frozen 3 pounds, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 pound sharp white cheddar cheese, grated], title: Cheddar Corn Chowder, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 141: {instructions: Combine the tequila, lemongrasskumquat syrup, Floc de Gascone liqueur, lychee puree and habanero bitters in a cocktail shaker, then add ice and shake. Strain into the glass and garnish with the fresh kumquat.nCombine the sugar, lemongrass and kumquats in a small saucepan over medium heat with 1 cup of water. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and let cool. Pour everything into a blender and blend on high for about a minute, then pass through a fine sieve and bottle., ingredients: [2 ounces tequila, such as Riazul Tequila, 12 ounce lemongrasskumquat syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce Floc de Gascone liqueur, 1 ounce lychee puree, Dash of habanero bitters, Ice, as needed, Fresh kumquat, for garnish, 1 cup natural sugar dehydrated cane juice, 4 stalks of lemongrass, coarsely cut, 12 pound kumquats, cut in half], title: Slow Burn, picturelink: null}, 142: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.nCoat a large skillet with cooking spray and set pan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook 3 minutes, until soft. Push onions over to the side of pan, add steak to pan and cook 1 minute. Transfer spring roll wrapper to a flat surface. Top with steak, onions and provolone cheese in bottom third of wrapper. Roll wrapper one time, fold in ends, and roll up. Place on prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray.nArrange peppers on separate baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Coat with ranch mix. Roast cheese steak egg rolls and peppers 15 minutes, until wrappers are golden brown and peppers are soft., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup sliced onions, 2 cooked fillet or ribeye steaks, cut into thin slices, 8 spring roll wrappers, 6 to 8 ounces provolone cheese, 2 large yellow or red bell peppers, sliced crosswise into rounds, 1 packet dry ranch dip mix], title: Cheese Steak Egg Rolls with Ranch Pepper Rings, picturelink: OKQDsrld0isr5Z0nMR3RrLOIlLlosS}, 143: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat each Cornish hen with 2 tablespoons of the butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Into the cavity of each bird, insert a lemon half, an onion quarter, half a garlic head and 3 thyme sprigs. Set aside.nSpread the carrots and potatoes in an even layer in a 9by13inch baking dish or roasting pan. Add the chicken broth and then the prepared Cornish hens. Roast until the juices run clear and the hens are golden brown, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [4 Cornish hens, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, halved, 1 yellow onion, quartered, 2 heads garlic, halved, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 4 potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 cups chicken broth], title: Cornish Hen, picturelink: Gu2Psn2WkaPjgg4Js96re81mi8Thwnu}, 144: {instructions: Divide turkey into 4 equal sized rounds. Make 2 equal sized patties out of each round so you have 8 patties total. Sprinkle 4 of the patties with 2 tablespoons red peppers and cheese, and top with remaining patties, working the turkey around the edges to seal burgers closed. Season with salt and a few grinds of pepper. Grill or broil until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 14 pounds lean ground turkey breast, 12 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 14 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Turkey Burgers, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 145: {instructions: In a heavy kettle heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat, add the meat in batches and salt and pepper to taste, and saute the meat until it is browned on all sides. Transfer the meat to a plate. To the pan add the remaining oil and the onion and cook the onion, stirring occasionally, over moderate heat for 5 minutes. Add the garlic, curry powder, coriander, cumin, ginger, and cayenne and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes. Return the lamb to the pan, add the tomatoes and their liquid, beef broth, raisins, lemon juice and zest, and salt and pepper to taste, bring the liquid to a boil, stirring, and simmer the curry, covered, for 1 12 hours. Add the apple and simmer the curry, covered, for 30 minutes more, or until the meat is tender. Serve with rice.nTo Freeze: Let the curry cool to room temperature, transfer it to a freezer container with a tightfitting lid or to a resealable freezer bag, and freeze it for up to 1 month.nTo reheat: Defrost the curry in the refrigerator. Transfer the curry to a kettle and simmer it over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes, or until it is heated through. Correct the seasoning, adding salt, pepper, and fresh lemon juice to taste. Serve the curry over rice and, if desired, accompany it with small bowls of roasted nuts, toasted coconut, and assorted chutneys., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 12 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 1 12inch pieces and patted dry, 1 large onion, minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, or to taste, 1 tablespoon curry powder, or to taste, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1pound can tomatoes, chopped, including the liquid, 1 12 cups beef broth, 12 cup golden raisins, Juice and grated zest of 1 small lemon, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and cubed, Cooked rice as an accompaniment, Roasted nuts, toasted coconut, and assorted chutneys as accompaniments, if desired], title: Curried Lamb, picturelink: null}, 146: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2quart baking dish.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cream, milk, egg and yolk mixture, brown sugar, vanilla, and salt. Make sure the mixture is well combined.nAdd half of the brioche to the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle evenly with half of the raspberries and chocolate. Top with the remaining brioche, raspberries, and chocolate.nPour the cream mixture over the brioche mixture. Press down gently, cover it with plastic wrap, and let stand for 30 minutes. You want the bread to soak up that luscious custard.nBring a kettle of water to a boil. Remove the plastic wrap and set the baking dish in a large roasting pan. Fill the roasting pan with enough boiling water to get about halfway up the sides of the baking dish. Carefully place the pan in the oven and bake until the custard is set even in the very center, and the bread has puffed, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool slightly and remove the baking dish from the water. Serve warm, room temperature, or chilled., ingredients: [Butter, for buttering the dish, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups whole milk, 4 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 cups cubed brioche 1 12inch cubes, 1 cup frozen raspberries, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Raspberry Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: l6RAfT8suOHzjNnhCUPoe9poR1JO3a}, 147: {instructions: Place the chicken stock in a medium pot and bring to a simmer. Heat the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven until it foams. Add the onion, season with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, and cook 5 minutes until softened. Add the rice and stir well to coat with the butter. Cook 5 minutes until rice is opaque. Add wine, stir, and cook until it has been absorbed. Lower the heat to low, add one ladle of the chicken stock, and stir. Cook, stirring, until the stock has been absorbed. Continue adding stock and stirring frequently until rice is al dente and most of the stock is gone. Reserve 12 cup stock for finishing the dish.nIn the meantime, cut the mushrooms into slices or wedges according to their natures. Keep the various types separate. Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat for 1 minute then add some olive oil. Add one type of mushroom, just enough to cover the bottom of the pan. Shake and season with some salt and pepper. Cook until mushrooms are lightly browned, then add some of the garlic, toss, and saute one minute until its flavor is released. Then remove the mushrooms from the pan and reserve. Return the pan to the heat, add more olive oil and when it smokes add another batch of mushrooms. Continue in this way until all mushrooms have been cooked, wiping out pan occasionally when required.nWhen rice is al dente and mushrooms are all cooked, add mushrooms to the rice and stir well. Add some or all of the reserved stock if necessary to give risotto a slightly soupy character. Add grated cheese and epazote, taste and adjust seasoning, and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cups brown chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 yellow onion, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste, 12 teaspoon black pepper, or more to taste, 1 12 cups round short grain rice such as Arborio, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound fresh assorted mushrooms, preferably wild, ideally a mixture of crimini, oyster, shiitake and portobello, cleaned, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pureed, 12 cup grated manchego cheese or substitute Parmesan, 1 bunch epazote, picked and coarsely chopped], title: Wild Mushroom and Epazote Risotto, picturelink: null}, 148: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRoughly chop the cucumbers, bell peppers, tomatoes, and red onions into 1inch cubes. Put each vegetable separately into a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse until it is coarsely chopped. Do not overprocessnAfter each vegetable is processed, combine them in a large bowl and add the garlic, tomato juice, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Mix well and chill before serving. The longer gazpacho sits, the more the flavors develop., ingredients: [1 hothouse cucumber, halved and seeded, but not peeled, 2 red bell peppers, cored and seeded, 4 plum tomatoes, 1 red onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 23 ounces tomato juice 3 cups, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup good olive oil, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: GA2vHQ9k2nFh2FtjM3NJw3z2HbyM5b.}, 149: {instructions: For the peanut butter cookie base: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf. Lightly butter a 9by9inch baking dish.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nCombine the butter, peanut butter and brown sugar in another medium bowl. Beat with a hand mixer until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the egg and mix well. Add the dry ingredients and beat until just combined. With lightly floured hands, press the dough into the prepared baking dish and bake until lightly browned, 24 to 28 minutes. Place the baking dish on a cooling rack and cool completely.nFor the chocolate sour cream frosting: Place the chocolate chips in a medium heatproof bowl. Microwave in 30 second intervals until the chocolate is melted. Set aside to cool slightly.nWhip the butter with a hand mixer until light and fluffy. On low speed, add the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time, and whip until all of the sugar has been added and the mixture is smooth and creamy. Add the melted chocolate and sour cream and mix until well combined.nTo assemble: Spread the chocolate sour cream frosting evenly on top of the peanut butter cookie base. Top with the crushed peanut butter candies, potato chips and pretzels. Cut into 16 bars and use a small offset spatula to remove the bars from the pan., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup crunchy natural peanut butter, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup lightly crushed candycoated peanut butter candies, 12 cup lightly crushed potato chips, 12 cup brokenup pretzel sticks], title: Peanut Butter Cupboard Cookie Bars, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 150: {instructions: Coat a grill rack with oil and preheat the grill on high for 5 minutes.nPlace the blackening seasoning in a shallow baking dish. Roll the catfish in the seasoning until well coated. Reduce the grill to mediumhigh, and grill the onions over direct heat until well browned and wilting, turning once, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, grill the fish over direct heat until cooked through, turning once, about 6 minutes. At the same time, place the tortillas directly on the grill for 1 minute per side. Stack the tortillas and wrap them in foil or a clean towel to keep warm.nArrange the fish on a plate, and flake into bitesize pieces with a fork. Transfer the onions to a separate plate. Place the tomatoes, avocado, sour cream, lime wedges and cilantro in separate bowls. Set out with the warm tortillas and hot sauce, and invite guests to make their own tacos., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for oiling the grill grates, 8 tortillas, flour or corn 8inch diameter, 14 cup Cajun blackening seasoning, 1 pound catfish fillets, 1 red onion, sliced into thick rings, 2 vineripened tomatoes, chopped, 1 avocado, diced, 12 cup sour cream, Lime wedges, for serving, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Blackened Catfish Tacos, picturelink: V6QRf1uqecfaRINzIDPnWMnmk7Ie7p2}, 151: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLight the coals in a fire pit 1 hour before cooking or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nUsing kitchen shears or a sharp knife, cut through the top shell lengthwise. Cut a slit through the meat lengthwise taking care not to cut through the bottom shell. Gently pull the shells apart. Thread a skewer, starting at the underside base of the tail, along the inside of the bottom shell. Brush the meat with 14 cup of the clarified butter. Wrap the lobster tails in heavyduty aluminum foil. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until the lobster meat is opaque.nPlace the remaining clarified butter in a butter warmer or dipping bowl. Remove the meat from the lobster shells and dip in the Clarified Butter.nIn a small, heavy bottomed saucepan, heat the butter over mediumlow heat. Pour the mixture into a 2cup glass measuring jug. Let the melted butter stand for 5 minutes. Using a spoon, remove the foam from the top of the butter. Place the lemon zest in small bowl. Pour the clarified butter over the lemon zest and discard the milk solids left in the bottom of the jug.nYield: 1 14 cups, ingredients: [4 each 12 to 34pound lobster tails, thawed if frozen, 14 cup Clarified Lemon Butter, plus 1 cup, recipe follows, Special Equipment: 4 metal skewers or 4 wooden skewers soaked in water for 30 minutes, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 lemons, zested], title: Lobster Tails with Clarified Butter, picturelink: Q.f4fQTHBOZrOaFmsTUzZ9ftWk4V3HC}, 152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a gas grill to mediumhigh heat, or prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together the brown sugar, tequila and 14 cup water. Set the pan on the grill or a side burner on mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture comes to a boil. Remove from the heat and let stand until cool.nPut the pineapple slices in a baking dish and pour the cooled syrup over them, tossing gently to coat. Let stand at least 5 minutes and up to 30 minutes.nWhip the heavy cream in a bowl to the softpeak stage. Refrigerate until ready to use.nSpread the butter on both sides of each pound cake slice and grill, turning once, until light golden, about 1 minute per side. Drain the pineapple, reserving the syrup, and grill, turning once, until grill marks appear, about 1 minute per side.nTo assemble, place each pound cake slice on a dessert plate and top with 2 pineapple rings. Drizzle a little of the tequila syrup over each plate, top with a dollop of whipped cream and garnish with a mint sprig and some chopped mint., ingredients: [12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup tequila reposado, 16 fresh pineapple rings 13 inch thick, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 8 slices storebought or homemade pound cake 34 inch thick, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint plus 8 sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Pound Cake with TequilaSoaked Pineapple, picturelink: lArXLJ2wihFcQ8Ift4KQJKg.LOuiJ.}, 153: {instructions: Put the bacon in a medium skillet. Turn the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon renders its fat and is crisp but not dry, about 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a mixing bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the bacon drippings discard the rest.nAdd the shallot to the hot skillet and cook, stirring, until softened, another 3 minutes. Turn the heat to low and add the vinegar, stirring to scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir into the bacon.nAdd the frisee to the bacon mixture and toss to coat with the bacon drippings. Taste, season with salt, if necessary, add a very generous amount of black pepper and toss again. Now add the figs and toss. Transfer to a large platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small shallot, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 ounces frisee, roughly torn, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 small very ripe purple figs, stemmed and halved], title: Fig, Bacon and Frisee Salad, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, add the cornbread mix, peppers, corn kernels, the egg, beer and cheese. Stir with a fork to just combine and let sit for 7 minutes.nHeat the oil, 3 to 4 inches deep, in a heavy pan or Dutch oven to 365 degrees F.nUsing 2 large soupspoons, drop the mixture, in batches into the hot oil and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully turn and cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a wire rack lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt when still hot. Put the baking sheet in a warm oven, if not serving right away, or serve immediately with Spicy Agave Butter.nIn a small bowl, add the butter and mix with a fork until light and fluffy. Stir in the spices and the agave syrup. Stir well to combine and refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 8.5 ounce package cornbread mix, 1 Anaheim pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 serrano pepper, roasted, seeded, peeled and diced, 12 cup grilled or roasted fresh corn kernels, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 12 cup pilsnerstyle beer, room temperature, 14 cup grated pepper jack cheese, 1 quart corn oil, for frying, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Agave Butter, recipe follows, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 18 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon lime zest, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup agave syrup], title: Hoppy Hush Puppies, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 155: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot, about 4 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough into a 7 by 14inch oval.nLightly brush both sides of the dough with olive oil and place on hot grill. Grill until lightly charred and the dough begins to puff up, 2 to 4 minutes. Flip dough and grill on the second side until charred and just cooked, 2 minutes. Remove pizza from grill and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the tomatoes, basil, artichokes, and just enough of the artichoke marinade to coat the mixture. Toss gently and scatter over the pizza. Top with basil, Parmesan, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together yeast, warm water, sugar and olive oil. Let sit for about 3 minutes to fully dissolve and activate the yeast.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour and salt.nWith a rubber spatula, gradually mix the yeast mixture into the flour until just combined and dough barely holds together. Turn the dough out onto a clean counter surface dusted with flour.nKnead the dough with flourdusted hands until the dough has become smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. The surface should be tight and silky and bounce back slightly when pressed. Lightly grease a large mixing bowl with olive oil and place the dough in it.nCover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours.nOnce doubled, punch the dough down and divide it into 2 equal pieces. Knead each 1 slightly to form a uniform ball. Set aside and cover them with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap to rest for 30 minutes., ingredients: [Flour, for rolling dough, 12 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing on dough, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 6ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, 10 to 15 large basil leaves, 13 cup shaved Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 package active dry yeast, 34 cup warm water, about 110 degrees F, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Pizza with Tomatoes, Basil, and Artichokes, picturelink: j1p0lB7fCiv0JOZ4QvUYtyPbez7y}, 156: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nPut the asparagus on 1 baking sheet in a single layer and the carrots and onions on the other in a single layer. Spray the vegetables generously with cooking spray and sprinkle with a few pinches of salt. Cook, stirring about halfway through, until tender and slightly caramelized, 15 minutes for the asparagus and 40 minutes for the carrots and onions. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, combine the romaine, iceberg lettuce, garbanzo beans, mozzarella, salami and tomatoes in a large bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper until well blended. Set aside.nWhen cool enough to handle, chop the roasted vegetables into 14 inch to 12 inch pieces and add to the salad. Add the dressing and toss thoroughly. Add salt and pepper to taste, if necessary., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh asparagus, trimmed, 3 medium carrots, peeled, 1 medium red onion, sliced 12 inch thick, Nonstick olive oil cooking spray, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 romaine hearts, finely chopped, 12 head iceberg lettuce, finely chopped, One 15ounce can garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella about 1 cup, 6 ounces Italian salami, chopped, 5 ounces cherry tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Chopped Salad with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 157: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, bourbon, lime juice, brown sugar, mustard, chili powder, garlic powder, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Pour the dressing over the cabbage in a large bowl and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours. Just before serving, stir in the bacon.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons bourbon, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 medium head red cabbage, cored and thinly sliced, 8 slices bacon, chopped, cooked until crisp and drained on paper towels], title: BourbonBacon Slaw, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 158: {instructions: Prechill or slightly freeze the cheese planks for about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the flour, Parmesan, salt and pepper in one bowl, and whisk together the breadcrumbs, parsley and garlic powder in another bowl.nDip each plank into the flour mixture, then dip in the egg wash to cover, and finally cover with the seasoned panko breadcrumbs. The exterior must be covered evenly, or the cheese will leak out during cooking. Repeat the process with the remaining planks. Place the cheese planks on a baking sheet and freeze for 30 minutes.nHeat oil in a fryer or deep pot to 350 degrees to 375 degrees F. Fry the planks until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Allow excess oil to drip on paper towels, then season again with salt and pepper and serve atop the red sauce of your choice., ingredients: [8 mozzarella planks, 2 by 4 inches, 14inch thick, 1 cup milk, mixed with 1 cup beaten eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup ground Parmesan, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fresh Mozzarella Planks, picturelink: d20AN21B.GL3WgBeqpvZfTzUORE8F2}, 159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the onions in the 3 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat for a few minutes. When the onions are brown, turn off the burner temporarily so you wont ignite your kitchen. Or yourself.nPour in the whiskey. As soon as it evaporates, turn the burner on mediumhigh heat and pour in the beef stock. Add salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, then allow the mixture to bubble up and reduce by half.nWhisk in the remaining tablespoon of butter, then reduce the heat to low. Whisk in 14 cup to 12 cup cream, according to your taste. Allow the sauce to simmer and thicken for a few minutes.nServe with beef, baby, ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup diced onions, 12 cup whiskey, 12 cup beef stock or broth, Dash of salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 12 cup heavy cream], title: Whiskey Cream Sauce, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 160: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries on a sheet pan and toss with the sugar and vanilla bean seeds. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 pint fresh strawberries, 2 halfpints fresh raspberries, 2 halfpints fresh blueberries, 2 halfpints fresh blackberries, 14 cup sugar, Vanilla bean, split and seeds removed], title: Roasted Berries, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 161: {instructions: Lay out 2 of the flour tortillas on a flat surface. Top with the cheeses, spreading evenly over the tortillas. Top with remaining tortillas and press to seal.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and lower the heat to medium. Cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Repeat with the other quesadilla.nLet cool for 5 minutes. Slice into 8 or 10 pieces. Serve with the guacamole.n1 small ripe Haas avocadon1 tablespoon minced jalapeno peppern2 tablespoons minced red onionn1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leavesn12 lime, juicednSaltnHalve the avocado and remove the pit with a sharp knife. Discard the pit. Scoop the flesh into a small bowl and mash with a fork. Stir in the remaining ingredients, season with salt to taste, and set aside.nYield: about 23 cupnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, adapted from Adventures in the Kitchen, c 1991, ingredients: [4 12inch flour tortillas, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup grated mozzarella, 12 cup grated queso blanco, Olive oil, Guacamole, recipe follows], title: Cheese Quesadillas with Fresh Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 162: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl mix together the oil, cola, molasses, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, garlic, black pepper and lime juice. Put the steak into a large shallow bowl and pour in the marinade. Move the steak around to assure the marinade is covering the meat. Allow to marinate 2 hours or up to 4 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill over medium heat.nRemove the steak from the marinade and put it on the grill. Cook for 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes.nBrush the bread slices with cream cheese. Slice the steak against the grain into very thin strips. Top the cheese with a strip of meat and a red pepper strip. Garnish with chopped cilantro and serve., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 12 cup cola, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 lime, juiced, 1 2pound flank steak, trimmed, 1 baguette, cut on the bias into 12inch thick slices, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 8ounce container herbseasoned cream cheese, 1 10ounce jar red pepper strips, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves], title: Molasses Marinated Flank Steak with Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 163: {instructions: For the Ancho chile salsa, place the chiles in a dry frying pan over moderate heat. Toast, turning frequently, until the skin blisters and darkens very slightly, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nBring the water and vinegar to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the chiles, remove from the heat and let soak 20 minutes to soften.nPlace the garlic, half the diced onion, the oregano and cumin in a blender or food processor. Add the chiles and soaking liquid. Blend until smooth. The salsa may be made a day or 2 ahead and then refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the vegetable oil into a large skillet and heat over medium heat. One at a time, dip the tortillas in the chile salsa and shake off any excess. Transfer the tortillas, one at a time, to the hot pan and saute 10 seconds on each side. Drain on a rack.nLay all of the tortillas out on a counter. Reserve 14 cup of the grated cheese. Divide the remaining cheese into 12 portions and spoon onto the lower half of each tortilla. Divide the remaining diced onion evenly and sprinkle over the cheese. Roll up each tortilla to form a tube.nArrange the enchiladas on a baking tray, seam side down, and bake 3 to 5 minutes or until heated through. With a spatula, transfer the warm enchiladas to a serving platter. Place about a spoonful of Ancho chile salsa over each enchilada. Sprinkle with the reserved cheese and serve, passing the extra salsa at the table.nIn large bowl combine all ingredients and stir until smooth. The dough should be slightly sticky and form a ball when pressed together. To test, flatten a small piece of dough between your palms. If the edges crack, add water to the dough, a tablespoons at a time, until a test piece does not crack.nDivide the dough into 24 golf ball size pieces for tacos and 12 large balls for quesadillas. Place on a platter and cover with a damp towel. Line a tortilla press with 2 sheets of plastic cut from a plastic freezer bag or other heavy duty plastic bag.nHeat a dry cast iron skillet, or nonstick pan until moderately hot. Flatten each ball of dough in the tortilla press, then remove the plastic from the top and, holding the tortilla with your fingertips, peel off the bottom sheet. Lay the tortillas one by one on the skillet and cook about 30 to 45 seconds per side, pressing the top of each tortilla with your fingertips to make it puff. Place the hot tortillas on a towel.nWhen they are still warm but not hot, stack and wrap in a towel. Serve immediately or let cool, wrap well in plastic or a plastic bag and store in the refrigerator up to a week., ingredients: [6 Ancho chiles, wiped clean, stemmed and seeded, 2 cups water, 12 cup white vinegar, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 12 red onions, diced, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup vegetable oil, 12 large Corn Tortillas, recipe follows, 6 ounces Panela cheese, grated 1 12 cups, 4 cups finely ground deep yellow masa harina, 2 34 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Enchiladas Frescos, picturelink: null}, 164: {instructions: Put the pine nuts in to a small skillet and place over medium heat. Cook, stirring often, until the nuts are toasted and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool completely. Reserve 1 teaspoon of the nuts for garnish and place the rest in a food processor. Add the kale, basil and garlic to the food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, nutritional yeast and salt and blend until well combined. Add the cannellini beans and blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl and garnish with the basil sprig and toasted pine nuts. Serve with baguette and vegetables., ingredients: [14 cup pine nuts, 2 cups torn curly kale leaves, 12 cup packed basil leaves, plus a small sprig for serving, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup nutritional yeast, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, One 15ounce can lowsodium cannellini beans, drained and rinsed well, Serving suggestions: Dippers such as whole wheat sliced baguette, sliced carrots, radishes andor cucumbers sticks], title: Kale Pesto and White Bean Dip, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 165: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together in a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 can black beans, 3 mushrooms, diced, 12 medium sized onion, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 14 cup olive oil, 10 sprinkles rice wine vinegar, Few dashes seasoned salt, 1 carrot with oblique cut, 10 sprigs fresh dill, diced], title: Black Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 166: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together sausage, cheese, milk and egg in a large bowl. Add buttermilk pancake and waffle mix with onion soup mix and ground red pepper. Blend well. Pinch off bits of dough and shape into 1 inch balls. Place on lightly greased baking sheets, spacing 1 12 inches apart, and sprinkle lightly with paprika. Bake 10 to 15 minutes at 375 degrees until deep golden brown, turning the balls over at halftime. Remove from baking sheets and serve., ingredients: [12 pound bulk pork sausage, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 14 cup milk, 1 12 cups buttermilk, pancake and waffle mix, 2 tablespoons dry onion soup mix, 18 to 14 teaspoon ground hot red pepper], title: Sausage Balls, picturelink: Wm8BKiSkhR7V3Vh7npBSc.PT51wuPPO}, 167: {instructions: Trim the fennel, reserving a handful of green fronds. Cut into slices about 14inch thick. Heat a little olive oil in a saute pan, and, working in batches and seasoning with salt and pepper as you go, fry the fennel on both sides until golden and tender. As the fennel is done, arrange it on a serving platter.nZest the orange and set the zest aside. Remove the skin with a sharp knife, taking care to remove all the white pith from the fruit. Discard the peel. Cut out the orange sections, arranging over the fennel, and squeeze the orange juice over the whole salad.nSlice the onion into paper thin rings and arrange over the salad. Scatter over the olives and pine nuts. Squeeze over lemon juice, to taste. Drizzle over a little more olive oil. Finally, scatter over the reserved fennel fronds. Serve., ingredients: [1 fennel bulb, fronds reserved, Olive oil, for frying, Fleur de sel sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 organic orange, 12 small red onion, Handful small black olives, Handful toasted pine nuts, Zest and juice of 1 lemon], title: Roasted Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 168: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernPreheat the oil to 300 degrees F in a deep pot or deepfryer.nRemove the stems from the mushrooms and then stuff each mushroom with 1 to 1 12 ounces of sausage.nCreate a standard breading station in 3 separate 8by8inch pans: Combine the flour, 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper into the first pan. Whisk together the eggs and the milk in the second pan. Place the breadcrumbs in the third pan.nDredge each of the stuffed mushrooms in the flour, coat with the egg wash and then with the breadcrumbs.nFry the mushrooms, in batches if necessary, until golden brown and the sausage is fully cooked, 8 to 10 minutes.nHeat the Tomato Sauce in a saucepan. Spoon 14 cup sauce onto the center of each plate. Arrange 3 fried mushrooms on top of the sauce. Garnish each plate with chopped parsley and Parmesan.nCombine the whole tomatoes and their liquid, the olive oil, onion, basil, oregano, salt, pepper and 4 cloves garlic in a large bowl or 2gallon container and puree with an immersion blender until smooth.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Reduce the heat to medium, add the grapeseed oil and remaining 4 cloves garlic and quickly saute. Add the diced tomatoes and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the pureed tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Cook for 15 minutes, remove from the heat. Bring back to a simmer when you are ready to plate. Yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 gallon vegetable oil, 18 cremini mushrooms, 1 12 pounds sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 6 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 12 cups Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 5 cups canned whole San Marzano tomatoes, plus liquid from the can, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 3 cups canned diced San Marzano tomatoes], title: Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: Q5myPx4uVERzjAn.2qTcacekwjgFtfW}, 169: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat olive oil over moderate high heat. Season shrimp with salt and pepper and cook for 1 or 2 minutes on each side or until pink. Using a fork, coarsely mash avocado with lime and garlic. Stir in onion, cilantro and hot sauce to blend. Season with salt, to taste. Place the guacamole in a dipping bowl with the shrimp arranged around., ingredients: [1ounce olive oil, 8 jumbo shrimp 10 to 20 count per pound, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, seeded and peeled, 12 tablespoon lime juice, 1 small clove garlic, crushed, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped onion, 1 sprig fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, Splash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Shrimp Cocktail with Guacamole, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 170: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan, bring the water and smoked turkey to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 1 hour.nWhile the turkey is cooking, wipe the collards with a damp towel, then wash 2 or 3 times or until all the dirt and grit has been removed. Chop the greens into 14inch pieces you will have 10 cups of chopped greens.nAdd the collards, oil, salt, black pepper, sugar and red pepper flakes to the saucepan. Return to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes longer. Discard the turkey before serving, or chop the turkey meat and add it to the collards., ingredients: [3 cups water, 12 pound smoked turkey wings or neck, 1 12 pounds collard greens, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Sylvias Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey, picturelink: null}, 171: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 12x12inch square. Cut into 36 2inch squares. Prick the pastry squares with a fork. Repeat with the remaining pastry sheet, making 72 squares in all. Place the squares onto baking sheets.nBake for 8 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Using the back of a spoon, press down the centers of the hot pastries to make an indentation.nSpoon about 12 teaspoon each cheese and bacon onto each pastry. Bake for 5 minutes or until the cheese is melted. Remove the pastries from the baking sheets and let cool on wire racks for 10 minutes. Top with the dressing and chives., ingredients: [1 package 17.3 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed, 1 cup finely shredded Cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 1 pound bacon, cooked and crumbled, 12 cup prepared ranch salad dressing, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Bacon and Cheddar Puff Pastry Crisps, picturelink: null}, 172: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, add the tea bags and water. Steep the tea bags for 3 minutes and then remove them from the pan. Stir in the orange blossom water and honey. Add the juice of the orange and lemon, as well as the peels. Bring to simmer and simmer for 10 minutes.nServe the tea in warm mugs with pieces of the orange and lemon peel as garnish., ingredients: [4 Earl Grey tea bags, 8 cups boiling water, 12 cup orange blossom water, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 orange, peel zested in large strips, juiced, 1 lemon, peel zested in large strips, juiced], title: Orange Tea with Honey, picturelink: VQ2MwfNUNJpMqRqotkkowufPfVtJYe}, 173: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat until it is foamy but not browned, about 5 minutes. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and using the double boiler method, set a small bowl on top of the saucepan the bottom of the bowl should not touch the water. To the bowl, add the egg yolks, 2 tablespoons of hot water, the lemon juice, salt, and adobo sauce, and whisk until foamy and just starting to thicken, about 5 minutes.nSlowly add the melted butter a little bit at a time and whisk the sauce until it is smooth. Turn off the heat and cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Let the sauce stand over the warm water for up to 30 minutes before serving.nNote: If the sauce thickens too much or starts to separate, whisk hot water a teaspoon at a time until it is comes back together or thins out. Dont reheat the sauce over direct heat in a saucepan, it will separate.nCombine the oregano and the paprika in a small bowl and rub the herb mixture into the Canadian bacon. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the seasoned bacon slices Cook until their edges begin to turn golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side.nWarm the arepas in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat 10 to 15 seconds on each side until theyre heated through.nFill a large skillet with 1 12 inches of water. Add the vinegar and bring the liquid to a gentle simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium. One at a time, crack the eggs into a ramekin or small bowl and gently slide them into the hot water. Poach the eggs until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny, about 2 to 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove them from the water and place them on a paper towellined plate to drain off excess water.nTo assemble, place a warm arepa on each serving plate. Top with a slice of the Canadian bacon and a poached egg. Spoon some of the chipotle hollandaise over the egg and sprinkle with the chopped parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 3 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons hot water, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sauce from a can chipotles in adobo, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon paprika, 4 slices Canadian bacon, 4 homemade or storebought white corn arepas, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 large eggs, Chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Eggs Benedict with Chipotle Hollandaise, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 174: {instructions: Mix together all ingredients except for romaine lettuce leaves, plantain chips, sweet potatoes, jalapenos, lime and lemon wedges and cilantro sprigs, in a bowl and marinate for 24 hours. Spoon ceviche into martini glasses. Place sweet potatoes on a plate. Place martini glass on plate with sweet potatoes. Place 1 slice of jalapeno, lime and lemon wedge on the sweet potatoes and garnish with a sprig of cilantro. Place romaine leaf and plantain chip in the ceviche., ingredients: [1 pound weakfish, medium diced, 1 pound shrimp, raw, medium diced, 12 ounces lemon juice, 12 ounces lime juice, 12 ounces orange juice, 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 14 cup jalapenos, small dice, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled, sliced into thin rounds and steamed, 2 jalapenos, sliced into rounds, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, Cilantro sprigs, Romaine lettuce leaves, 3 inch long plantain chips], title: The Latin Quarters Seafood Ceviche, picturelink: SsgHFFSWSjAvlpLMIbI2zGDVQwR2nk2}, 175: {instructions: Heat a grill or boiler to mediumhigh.nMix the garlic, The Spice Hunteru00ae Mexican Seasoning, and vinegar in a medium bowl. Let sit while you cook the steak.nRub 1 tablespoon oil all over the steaks, then generously season with salt. Rub with The Spice Hunteru00ae Steak  Chop Grill  Broil to coat.nGrill or broil the steaks to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for mediumrare. Transfer to a cutting board to rest 5 minutes. While the steak rests, stir the parsley, cilantro, hazelnuts, and remaining 14 cup oil into the garlic mixture. Season to taste with salt.nSlice the steak and serve with the salsa verde., ingredients: [1 small garlic clove, minced, 2 teaspoons The Spice Hunteru00ae Mexican Seasoning, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 strip steaks about 1inch thick, about 1 12 pounds total, trimmed of excess fat and halved, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons The Spice Hunteru00ae Steak  Chop Grill  Broil, 14 cup sliced fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup sliced fresh cilantro, 14 cup hazelnuts, toasted, skinned, and chopped, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled or Broiled Steak with Salsa Verde, picturelink: piG92AnKUPVkH9hDduAchqoLp01HuX2}, 176: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment paper, ruler, scissors, rolling pin, pizza cutter, cookie cutters, disposable pastry bags, small and medium decorating tipsnFor the dough: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Mix the eggs and vanilla with a fork in a small bowl.nBeat the butter, granulated sugar and confectioners sugar together in the bowl of a stand mixer on low speed until the butter has picked up the sugars, about 30 seconds. If using a hand mixer, beat about 2 minutes. Increase the speed to medium, and beat until slightly creamy, about 1 minute about 3 minutes with a hand mixer, stopping halfway through to scrape the bowl.nReduce the speed to low, slowly add in the egg mixture and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture a heaping cup at a time, in 3 additions, stopping a few times to scrape the bowl and beaters if using a hand mixer, increase the speed as the dough gets thicker to keep the beaters spinning. Once all the flour is just incorporated, increase the speed to medium higher with a hand mixer, and beat until the dough is very smooth, about 2 minutes about 5 minutes with a hand mixer.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and bring it together. Divide the dough into 3 even pieces, each about 13 ounces. Shape each piece into a 6inch square and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate the dough for at least 3 hours or overnight.nWhile the dough chills, cut templates for the house from paper:n1 base, 8 by 8 inchesn1 roof, 5 34 by 6 12 inchesn2 slanted side walls, both 5 inches wide, one 4 inches high on the left andn3 inches high on the right, the other 3 inches high on the left and 4 inches high on the right, with optional windows cut outn1 front wall, 5 inches wide by 4 inches high, with a door cut outn1 back wall, 5 by 3 inchesnTo roll, cut and bake the cookies and house: Position oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper have extra parchment on hand. Take 2 of the dough pieces out of the refrigerator, and let them soften until just pliable but still cool and firm, about 15 minutes.nDust a piece of parchment with flour. Dust one square of dough with flour, and roll it out to about 14inch thick no thicker and 9 to 10 inches square. Lift the dough occasionally to make sure it isnt sticking to the parchment. Cut out cookies with cutters transfer to a prepared baking sheet, leaving 1 inch between them. Freeze while you cut the rest of the dough. Reserve the scraps for the house pieces. Take the last piece of dough from the refrigerator to soften.nDust the parchment and the second piece of dough with flour. Roll the dough about 14inch thick and 9 to 10 inches square. Lay the base template on top, and use a pizza cutter or a very sharp knife to cut out the base. Peel off the scraps from the sides and reserve. Pick up the parchment with the base on it, put it on an unlined baking sheet and freeze while you finish cutting the other house pieces.nDust a third piece of parchment and the third piece of softened dough with flour. Roll the dough to about 14inch thick and 11 by 7 inches. Put the roof and the front wall templates on top, and use the pizza cutter to cut the pieces. Transfer the pieces to the last prepared baking sheet, leaving 1 inch between them. Cut out a door from the front wall. Combine the scrap pieces with the reserved scraps, and gently knead together on the parchment flour, roll to 14 inch thick and about 8 by 9 inches and cut out the remaining walls. Transfer the pieces to the baking sheet, leaving 1 inch between them. Cut out windows from the walls. Freeze for 10 minutes before baking.nBake the house pieces until golden brown around the edges, about 20 minutes. Rotate the pans front to back and bottom to top halfway through the baking time. Let cool completely on the baking sheets on a cooling rack, about 30 minutes.nWhile the house pieces cool, dust the cookies with sanding sugar if using, and bake until very light golden brown, about 16 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a cooling rack to completely, about 30 minutes.nTo assemble the house: Put 13 cup royal icing in a pastry bag fitted with the larger pastry tip. Place the roof brownedside up on a work surface with one of the short sides facing you. Pipe a thick 5inch line of frosting along the short side 1 inch in from the edge. Let the icing harden while you build the rest of the house. This will prevent the roof of the house from sliding off.nPut the base on a large platter or board on which it will be displayed. Next, assemble the house using the royal icing as glue and making sure to turn the walls lightersides out: Hold up one of the side walls and pipe a line of icing along the bottom and up both sides. Set it down while you hold up the back wall and pipe a line of icing along its bottom edge. Stick these two pieces together on the base with the icing, pressing them gently together so they adhere. Hold the pieces for a few seconds, until they can stand on their own. Repeat with the other side wall and the front wall, pressing all four walls together.nReserve the royal icing in the pastry bag. Whisk water about 1 teaspoon at a time into the rest of the icing to thin it slightly to the consistency of molasses. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with the smaller pastry tip.nTo decorate the house: Decorate the walls as desired: Use the thin icing for piping lines and decorations and for decorating the cookies. Use the thick icing to glue heavy pieces of candy to the sides and roof of the house. To make a grassy yard, spread a thin layer of icing with a butter knife around the base of the house. Press some of the coconut grass into the icing. Put some coconut grass inside the house you dont need to ice inside. Decorate the yard as desired. Fill the house with candy and cookies make sure the icing has set.nSet the roof on top, lighterside up dont attach it, and decorate as desired.nCombine 2 cups of the confectioners sugar and the meringue powder with a fork in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Alternatively, use a hand mixer and medium bowl. Add 3 tablespoons of water, and mix on low speed until smooth and thick, with a consistency like caulk. If using a hand mixer, beat about 3 minutes. If the icing seems a bit loose, mix in a tablespoon of confectioners sugar at a time until thickened. Transfer to a clean bowl, and lay a damp piece of paper towel on top. Cover tightly until ready to use.nToss half the coconut and 3 drops food coloring with a fork in a medium bowl until the coconut is uniformly green. Add the remaining coconut, and toss gently to combine. Cover tightly and set aside., ingredients: [4 14 cups allpurpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature see Cooks Note, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar, Sanding sugar, optional, 2 cups Royal Icing, recipe follows, 1 cup Coconut Grass, recipe follows, Easter candy, such as pastel jelly beans, small foilwrapped chocolate eggs and bunnies, small peanut butter cups, colored minimarshmallows, marshmallow chicks, sanding sugar, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, Green food coloring, 1 cup lightlypacked shredded sweetened coconut], title: SugarCookie Easter Bunny House, picturelink: A1U.HNUO5wTZNZHcgVzbtgsIgtzUJx6}, 177: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith a very sharp knife, cut the Brussels sprouts, kale, and radicchio across in thin shreds and put them all in a large bowl.nIn a small bowl or measuring cup, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Pour enough dressing on the slaw to moisten it well. Add the cranberries.nShave the Parmesan in big shards with a vegetable peeler, add it to the salad and toss well. Check for seasonings and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 ounces Brussels sprouts, trimmed, halved, and cored, 6 large kale leaves, center rib completely removed 8 to 10 ounces, 12 small head radicchio, cored, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 6ounce chunk good Parmesan cheese], title: Winter Slaw, picturelink: FqOQDcL2eN.Dfqv8uo3VCTzet3Vc32}, 178: {instructions: Roll out three fourths of the dough 18 inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into a 10 inch 6 cup capacity pie plate, and trim the edge, leaving a 12 inch overhang. Fold the overhang under the dough flush with the edge of the pie plate and with a sharp knife make 12 inchlong cuts at 34 inch intervals all the way around the edge of the shell. Turn every other section of the dough in toward the center of the shell to form a decorative edge and chill the shell for 30 minutes.nRoll out the remaining dough 18 inch thick on the lightly floured surface and with a 3 inch leafshaped cutter cut out 3 leaves. Transfer the pastry leaves to a baking sheet, score them lightly with the back of a knife to form veins, and chill them for 15 minutes, or until they are firm. Brush the leaves lightly with some of the egg wash and bake them in the middle of a preheated 375 degree oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are golden. Transfer the leaves to a rack and let them cool completely.nIn a bowl whisk together the pumpkin, the brown sugar, the cinnamon, the ginger, the salt, the heavy cream, the milk, the eggs, and the Cognac until the filling is smooth and pour the filling into the shell. Brush the edge of the shell lightly with some of the remaining egg wash if desired and bake the pie in the middle of a preheated 375 degree oven for 1 hour, or until the filling is set but the center still shakes slightly. The filling will continue to set as the pie cools. Transfer the pie to a rack and let it cool completely. Garnish the pie with the pastry leaves just before serving and serve it with the ginger whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 recipes pate brisee, An egg wash made by beating 1 large egg yolk with 1 teaspoon water, 2 cups canned solidpack pumpkin, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 23 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 14 cup Cognac or other brandy, Ginger whipped cream as an accompaniment], title: Brandied Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 179: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs until frothy. Add the milk, maple syrup, cinnamon, salt, and lemon zest. Add the bread cubes and mix until coated. Stir in the blueberries. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nIn a small bowl, mix together the remaining cinnamon and sugar. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the egg mixture in an even layer. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes until the top is golden and the filling is set.nSpoon onto serving plates and drizzle with maple syrup., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 6 eggs, 3 cups whole milk, 34 cup maple syrup, plus extra for serving, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 lemon, zested, 3 1inch thick slices 8 ounces dayold challah or sourdough bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups 12 ounces fresh or frozen, thawed, and drained blueberries, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar], title: Baked French Toast with Blueberries, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 180: {instructions: Combine the rosemary, sage, garlic, and salt and pepper in a small bowl and rub it all over the pork. Place the pork on a large plate, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for a few hours.nPlace a medium heavy pan that will hold the roast somewhat snugly over medium heat and add the butter and oil. When the butter begins to foam, add the pork and cook, turning occasionally, until lightly golden on all sides, 10 to 12 minutes. Keep your eyes on the butter so it doesnt burn and reduce the heat a bit if needed.nAdd 1 cup of the milk and stir to loosen the browned bits attached to the bottom of the pan. As soon as the milk comes to a boil, reduce the heat to low, partially cover the pan, and simmer until almost all the milk has evaporated, about 15 minutes. Add 1 more cup milk and continue cooking, basting and turning the meat a few times, until most of the milk has evaporated. Cook the pork in this manner, adding the milk 12 to 1 cup at a time, until it reads 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 2 hours. The pork can be cooked up to this point 1 hour or so ahead. In that case, cook only until it reaches 155 degrees F, because it will keep on cooking as it sits in the hot pan juices.nRemove the lid and raise the heat to high. If no more milk is left in the pan, add 12 cup or so more. Cook, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan to release the browned bits and turning the pork once or twice, until most of the milk has evaporated and the meat has a rich, golden brown color. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let it rest for about 10 minutes while you finish the sauce.nSpoon off some of the fat from the pan. Add 13 cup water and stir quickly, over medium heat, scraping the bottom of the pan until only the brown glazed clusters of milk particles remain.nCut the meat into 12inch thick slices and serve topped with a bit of the pan juices.nNote: Pork loin is generally prepared with two centercut loins tied together, thus making them double loin roasts. If one loin roast is used instead of the double, the cooking time will obviously be reduced by about half.nSince the pork loin is a lean piece of meat, make sure not to trim away the fat attached to it, because it will add additional flavor., ingredients: [1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary or 1 12 teaspoons chopped dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage or 4 to 5 teaspoons dried sage leaves, chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, One 5 to 5 12pound centercut boneless pork roast see Note, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 to 4 cups milk], title: Pork Loin Braised in Milk, picturelink: null}, 181: {instructions: Put the beef and hen together in a pot large enough to hold all of the ingredients. Add the water, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for 2 12 hours. Remove the hen from the broth, continue cooking the beef and allow the hen to cool enough to handle. While the hen is cooling add the vegetables to the beef and broth and continue cooking. Add the spices and taste to adjust the salt and pepper. Pull the hen meat from the bones and add the meat to the beef and vegetables. Cook until the vegetables are completely cooked. Serve in bowls immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds beef shin meat, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 stewing hen, trussed, 8 quarts cold water, 4 tablespoons salt, 16 to 20 small red bliss potatoes, 2 large onions, diced 2 cups, 5 celery ribs, diced, 6 carrots, cut 14inch rounds, 2 whole leeks, well washed and diced, 1 cup plum tomatoes, crushed, 2 cup shelled fresh beans butter beans, cranberry beans, broad beans, 1 cup sliced okra, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 3 sweet red peppers, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Beef Burgoo, picturelink: null}, 182: {instructions: Make the Det Mix: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl.nMake the hamburgers: Heat the butter and oil in a large cast iron skillet over high heat. Add the hamburgers and cook halfway through and turn over. Cover each with about 14 cup of the Det Mix and top with the onion slices. Pour in the 14 cup beer and cover with a lid. Steam a couple of minutes until the onion is translucent. Resteam with beer a couple of times. Top each hamburger with a slice of cheese and cover until melted. Transfer the hamburger to the buns and serve.nSpread the meat out on a board and grate 2 to 3 tablespoons of onion into itu00bfuse a fairly fine grater so you get just the juice and very finely grated raw onion. Now mix in about a tablespoon of heavy cream and some freshly ground black pepper. Form into pattiesu00bfa 6 to 8ounce patty for an average serving., ingredients: [13 cup drained, sliced canned whole green chiles, 13 cup sliced pitted oilcured black olives, 13 cup sliced sauteed cremini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 James Beards Favorite Hamburger patties, recipe follows, 4 slices onion, 14 cup beer, plus more as needed, 4 slices cheddar cheese, 4 toasted hamburger buns, Recipe courtesy Beard on Food, Running Press, 2000, 2 pounds chopped beef chuck or round, 1 onion, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Unsalted butter, Vegetable oil, as needed, Kosher salt, to taste], title: The Det Burger, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 183: {instructions: Special equipment: cheesecloth and butchers twinenPut the peppercorns, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, garlic and bay leaves in a piece of cheesecloth and tie tightly with butchers twine to make a sachet. Put the corned beef in a slow cooker and pour enough water over it until just submerged, 2 to 3 quarts. Add the sachet and brown sugar and cook until the meat is just tender, 8 hours on low or 4 hours on high.nTwo hours on low or 1 hour on high before the corned beef is done, add the carrots, potatoes and cabbage on top of the meat, making sure the veggies are submerged. Continue to cook until the vegetables are tender if the beef is forktender and fully cooked but the vegetables still need time, remove the beef and tent, then continue to cook the veggies until tender.nTransfer the veggies to a bowl using a spider or slotted spoon and immediately toss with the rice wine vinegar.nSlice the corned beef and plate with an assortment of the veggies and some horseradish mustard. Garnish with minced chives.nCombine the mustard, horseradish and brown sugar in a medium bowl and mix together until blended. Add more horseradish for extra burn, ingredients: [2 tablespoons whole peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon whole mustard seeds, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 bay leaves, One 3 to 4pound flatcut corned beef, rinsed, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 6 orange or rainbow carrots, peeled and halved, 6 medium red potatoes, halved, 1 head green cabbage, cored and cut into 12 pieces, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, Homemade or prepared horseradish mustard, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, plus more if desired, 1 teaspoon brown sugar], title: SlowCooker Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: p.KGeIo6JHCYbwFxBTNiFZ1xeh0g6i}, 184: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nLine a jelly roll pan with aluminum foil. Spray foil with cooking spray and place pan in warm oven. Spray a heavy small saucepan with cooking spray. Add caramels and stir over low heat until melted. Stir in toffee peanuts and continue stirring for a couple minutes. Spray a dull knife or metal offset spatula with cooking spray. Remove pan from oven and then quickly spread caramelpeanut mixture over prepared pan. Cool completely cover pan with plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Break into bitesize pieces. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [Aluminum foil, Nonstick cooking spray, 24 soft caramel candies, unwrapped, 34 cup toffee peanuts], title: Nutty Brittle, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 185: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients and beat until soft peaks form. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Ginger Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 186: {instructions: In a large deep skillet, over a medium heat, add the bacon. Render the fat and cook until crisp and golden brown. At this point, add the onion and cook until translucent. Remove from heat and set aside.nFill a small saucepan with salted water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the sprout leaves and blanch for about 3 minutes. Transfer the leaves to a large bowl of iced water. Drain. Reheat the bacon and onion in the skillet until sizzling, then add the blanched sprout leaves and cook for another 2 minutes.nToss together well and finish with the butter and fresh tarragon. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and transfer to a serving bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 pound bacon, small dice, 1 onion, finely sliced, Salt, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, leaves only, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 18 cup unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped tarragon leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Elmos Nightmare: Brussels Sprouts with Onions and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 187: {instructions: For the mushrooms: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil to the pan and allow to heat until the verge of smoking. Then reduce the heat to medium and add the mushrooms. Allow the mushrooms to cook for 5 to 6 minutes, and then remove.nFor the fish: In a nonstick saute pan, add the grapeseed oil over medium heat for 1 minute. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper, and then add the fish to the pan, fleshside down. Cook for 2 minutes, flip the fish and turn the heat off. Allow the fish to finish with the residual heat for 2 minutes. Then remove the fish and allow to rest until serving.nFor the sauce: In the same pan, return to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the tomatoes with salt and pepper, add to the pan and cook for 1 minute. Then flip the tomatoes and add the wine to deglaze the pan. Next, add the lemon juice, parsley and garlic. Remove the tomatoes and arrange flat on a serving plate, end to end. Allow the sauce to reduce by half, yielding 12 cup. Once reduced, turn the heat off and stir in the butter to finish the sauce. Then place the fish over the tomatoes, arrange the mushrooms and spoon the sauce over the fish. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 8 ounces button mushrooms, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 branzino fillets, Salt and ground pepper, 8 slices tomato, 12inch thick, Salt and ground pepper, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Branzino with Roasted Tomatoes, Olive Oil Poached Mushrooms, picturelink: SWb.zdc99MoGWZdJSM9skbnK0TGxGTm}, 188: {instructions: Combine first 11 ingredients in a stock pot. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer for 1 hour covered. Combine ground beef, chicken, sausage in a saucepan. Cook until done and add to tomato mixture. Simmer for another 20 minutes.nLayer bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch pan with sauce. Add a layer of angel hair, pinch cream cheese over pasta, place a single layer of Swiss cheese, then 12 of Cheddar and Jack cheese, repeat layers ending with sauce. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. Top with remaining cheese. Return to oven and continue to cook until cheese is melted. Cut into squares before serving., ingredients: [2 cups canned, diced tomatoes, 2 cups tomato sauce, 13 cup tomato paste, 1 cup water, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 12 cup diced onions, 1 12 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup chopped parsley, 2 small bay leaves, 1 pound ground beef, 2 boneless raw chicken breast, chopped, 1 cup minced sausage, 4 cups cooked angel hair pasta 8 ounces raw, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 4 ounces sliced Swiss cheese, 2 cups combined grated Cheddar and Jack cheeses], title: Baked Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 189: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nTrim duck breasts if necessary. Place in pan. In a separate bowl, mix 12 of the red wine vinegar, olive oil, bay leaf, thyme and shallots. Season with salt and pepper. Pour over duck and marinate for 30 minutes.nTrim top portion of the stem on figs. Season with pepper. Place in pan and add remaining red wine vinegar and red wine. Hold aside.nHeat grill. Grill duck until cooked to desired doneness. Brush with marinade while grilling. Reserve leftover marinade and heat on stove until it just comes to a boil. Hold aside.nTake duck off grill and let rest. Place figs on grill to warm, skin side down. Slice duck on the bias. Divide arugula into 5 portions and put on plate. Place duck and figs on top. Sprinkle with blanched chestnuts. Drizzle cooked marinade over duck, figs and greens., ingredients: [5 duck breasts, boned and halved, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup olive oil, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons shallots, minced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 5 fresh figs, cut in half, 14 cup red wine, 1 pound arugula, 14 pound chestnuts, blanched], title: Duck Breast and Fig Salad with a Red Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 190: {instructions: Make the simple syrup: Combine the sugar and 13 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir to dissolve the sugar. Let cool.nIn a pitcher, combine the simple syrup, orange juice, Campari and lemon juice. Pour the mixture into ice pop molds, add wooden sticks and freeze until firm, at least 8 hours.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 3 cups fresh orange juice, 1 cup Campari, Juice of 1 lemon], title: CampariCitrus Ice Pops, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 191: {instructions: Season ribs generously with your favorite dry rub a brown sugar blend works wonders for pork ribs. Once ribs are coated in dry rub, place racks together, concave side to concave side. Wrap in foil, and refrigerate for at least 8 and up to 24 hours.nBuild coals on 1 end of your grill and prepare grill for cooking.nPreheat grill to 350 degrees F.nPlace ribs on the grill on the side opposite of the coals for indirect cooking. Cook for 1 12 to 2 hours at roughly 350 degrees F. You should cook the ribs until they are so tender that the meat falls off of the bone.nOnce ribs are tender, remove them from the foil and place them back on the grill, on the side opposite the coals and continue indirectly cooking for 30 to 45 minutes. This is a good time to add wood chips to the coals for smoke flavoring apple, maple, hickory, or pecan wood chips particularly enhance the taste.nFinally, transfer the ribs to the part of the grill directly over the coals and cook for 15 more minutes, or until the dry rub is caramelized. Serve., ingredients: [2 racks pork ribs, preferably baby backs or loin backs, Your favorite dry rub, preferably with a brown sugar base, Apple, maple, hickory, or pecan wood chips, optional], title: Award Winning Ribs In Your Own Back Yard, picturelink: null}, 192: {instructions: Prepare the Morel Mushroom Sauce then reserve. Prepare the Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps. Reserve.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large cast iron pan, over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat all over with salt and pepper. Brown the veal on all sides, about 20 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 130 degrees Fthe loin will be pink at the center, about 20 minutes. Allow the meat to rest in a warm place for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the veal is roasting, blanch the asparagus in boiling salted water. Refresh it in ice water, then drain and set aside. Just before serving, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus, season with salt and pepper and cook just until heated through and tender, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, thinly slice the veal. Place a spoonful of Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps in the center of each plate. Arrange 2 or 3 slices of veal over the potatoes. Place asparagus around the potatoes, spoon sauce over the meat and serve.nIf using fresh mushrooms clean them by rubbing them with a damp cloth, or briefly submerging them in water, then drain and blot dry. If using dried mushrooms, place them in a medium bowl and cover with boiling water. Set the mushrooms aside until soft, then drain. Chop the fresh or rehydrated dry mushrooms.nHeat the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and chopped mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are almost tender, about 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes more. Add the wine, bring to a simmer, cover, and cook until the mushrooms are fully soft, about 5 minutes more. Remove the lid and add the chicken stock. Increase the heat if necessary and simmer, uncovered, until the flavors are blended, 20 minutes or so. Strain the sauce, reserving the mushrooms. Return the sauce to the pot and simmer until it has reduced by 90 percent and has become very concentrated, about 15 minutes. Add the heavy cream and simmer until the sauce coats the back of a wooden spoon. Add lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm over a very low heat. Just before serving, add the reserved mushrooms and fresh herbs.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the ramps in an ovenproof medium skillet. Add the stick of butter, the honey, and enough water to cover the mushrooms. Simmer over medium heat until the water evaporates, about 10 minutes. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the ramps begin to brown. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the ramps are tender, about 5 minutes more. Set aside.nMeanwhile, in a large ovenproof skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until the fat renders and the bacon begins to crisp, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add the potatoes to the hot bacon fat. Increase the heat to mediumhigh then season with salt and pepper. Cook, turning the potatoes in the hot fat until they begin to brown, about 7 minutes. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter to the potatoes. Transfer the potatoes to the oven and continue cooking until the potatoes are tender, about 7 minutes more. Set the potatoes aside. Immediately before serving, warm the potatoes over mediumhigh heat. Add the ramps and crisp bacon and cook just until heated through., ingredients: [Morel Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows, Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole veal loin, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 40 jumbo asparagus, washed and lower stems trimmed, 3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds fresh or 8 ounces dried morels, stems trimmed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 12 cup dry red wine such as Pineau des Charantes, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely minced parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely minced chives, 1 teaspoon finely minced thyme leaves, 1 pound wild ramps, bulbs only, washed, 1 stick plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 ounces bacon, finely diced recommended: applewood smoked , 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced to 12inch, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped parsley leaves], title: Roasted Loin of Berkshire GrassFed Veal served with Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps and Morel Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the spaghetti, oil, tomato paste, garlic, tomatoes, basil, red pepper flakes and 1 teaspoon salt in a highsided medium skillet. Add 5 cups water, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Continue to cook, stirring the spaghetti frequently to keep it from clumping, until it is al dente and the sauce has reduced and thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan the sauce will thicken more, and season with salt if needed. Divide the spaghetti among 4 bowls, and garnish with more Parmesan and torn basil leaves., ingredients: [12 ounces spaghetti, broken in half, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 medium tomatoes, roughly chopped, Handful fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, Large pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving], title: OnePot Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Sauce, picturelink: d3nA8yJ88OC9CBUpXJPcryaMiRg.i5O}, 194: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo skewersnCut the ends off the melon and stand it on end. Remove the rind in several wide strips by running a knife, between the rind and flesh, in smooth strokes. Halve the melon lengthwise and, using a spoon, scoop out and discard the seeds. Cut each half lengthwise into 34inch wide wedges cut the wedges crosswise into 1inch pieces. Cut the prosciutto into 1inchwide strips about 2 to 3 inches long. Wrap each melon piece with a prosciutto strip and spear with the end of a skewer., ingredients: [1 ripe cantaloupe or honeydew melon, About 34 pound very thinly sliced Prosciutto de Parma], title: Speared ProsciuttoWrapped Melon, picturelink: null}, 195: {instructions: In a 2 or 3quart saucepan, heat the chicken stock over high heat until boiling. Add the salt, stir in the grits, and return to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 30 to 40 minutes, stirring frequently until thickened.nStir in the roasted garlic puree, butter, and cheese until incorporated. Stir in the halfandhalf and adjust the seasoning. Transfer to a double boiler and keep warm until ready to serve.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the garlic with the bay leaves and enough olive oil to coat thoroughly. Transfer to an ovenproof pan large enough to hold the garlic in one layer and cover tightly with foil. Bake for 30 to 45 minutes, until the garlic is soft and aromatic. Cool slightly.nPass the cloves through the fine blade of a food mill or press them through a strainer and then transfer the puree to a container. Cool completely, cover with a thin film of olive oil, and seal the container. Refrigerate until needed. Yield: 1 to 2 cups, ingredients: [1 cup coarse, oldfashioned stoneground grits, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup Roasted Garlic Puree, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup grated Parmesan or Sonoma Dry Jack cheese, 14 cup halfandhalf or more to taste, Salt and black pepper to taste, 4 heads garlic, separated into cloves, unpeeled do not use elephant garlic, 2 bay leaves optional, Olive oil], title: Dixie Polenta I.e., Creamy Roasted Garlic Grits, picturelink: null}, 196: {instructions: Take 1 taco shell and cut out a circle. Brush it with melted butter. Sprinkle with granulated sugar. Put it between 2 cookie sheets and bake at 275 degrees for about 15 minutes.nCover an oven proof plate with tightly secured plastic wrap. Brush generously with melted butter. Peel the apple and core it. Thinly slice the apple with a mandoline. Fan out the slices on the plastic wrap so it is the same size as the cut taco shell circle. Brush the apple with melted butter. Sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake at 360 degrees for about 10 minutes. Let it cool, but not completely. Slide the apple over the taco shell making sure it keeps its shape. Serve., ingredients: [1 pack soft taco shells, 2 ounces melted butter, 1 Granny Smith apple, Granulated sugar], title: Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 197: {instructions: For black bean sauce: Heat a wok or heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil, black beans and garlic. Stirfry for 30 seconds. Add the chicken stock, soy sauce, rice wine, and sugar. Bring mixture to a boil stirring often. Mix cornstarch with water to create a slurry. Add to mixture and stir until sauce thickens.nFor Mongolian Ginger Beef: Combine soy sauce, chopped garlic, sesame oil and black pepper in a large mixing bowl and whisk together. Slice flank steak on a bias, approximately 18inch thick. Add to marinade, cover, and refrigerate for a minimum of 2 hours.nLightly oil Mongolian grill or wok. Grill the beef for 2 minutes. Add the peppers, onions, and broccoli. Continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes until beef is cooked throughout. Add sauce and toss with beef mixture. Coat well and remove from heat. Garnish beef with green onion straws and serve with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 14 cup fermented black beans rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup rice wine, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds beef flank steak, 12 cup julienne red peppers, about 3inch long strips, 12 cup julienne green peppers, 12 cup julienne onions, 1 cup broccoli florets, blanched, 1 cup black bean garlic sauce, Green onions, for garnish, Steamed jasmine rice, for serving], title: Mongolian Ginger Beef, picturelink: null}, 198: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine all ingredients. Place in refrigerator for up to 12 hours for flavor infusion.nServe with tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 seeded and minced jalapenos, plus 2 roasted, skinned and chopped jalapenos, 1 red bell pepper, fine dice, 12 red onion, fine chopped, 2 dry ancho chiles, seeded, cut into short strips and snipped into pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 lime, juiced, Chili powder, salt, and pepper, to taste, Fresh scallions, cilantro or parsley, to taste], title: Salsa, picturelink: T1QxLjbo1c4UUdGMaaIhAlt9RLgbAm}, 199: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, stir together the dry ingredients.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the eggs and the yolks. Add them to the dry ingredients and mix on low until moistened and combined.nFlour your hands slightly and roll the dough into log 2inches in diameter. Place on a sheet pan and brush with the beaten egg white. Sprinkle with sugar and bake until golden brown, about 1015 to minutes. Lower oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nLet cool for 5 minutes, then, cut on a bias with a serrated knife. Lay the slices out on a sheet pan and return them to the oven to dry out. Let cool, then store in an airtight container. Dip in Vin Santo.nServing suggestion: Vin Santo ., ingredients: [3 34 cups flour, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup almonds, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, Pinch saffron, optional, 3 eggs, 2 yolks, 1 egg white, slightly beaten with a fork, 14 cup sugar], title: Elizabettas Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 200: {instructions: Special equipment: A spice grindernMake the Spice Mix: Put half the tomato strips in a single layer on a microwavable plate. Microwave in 30second increments, checking the texture in between, until they begin to harden but are still red and slightly pliable, 1 to 2 minutes. They may begin to brown and taste bitter if cooked too long. Let sit until cool and completely hardened, about 2 minutes. Repeat with the remaining tomato strips.nTransfer the cooled tomato strips to a spice grinder, and grind to a powder. Discard any pieces that wont grind. Add the nutritional yeast, chili powder, cumin, oregano, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt, and grind to a fine powder.nMake the taco popcorn: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the popcorn kernels. When one pops, cover the pot, and cook, shaking the pot constantly, until the popping subsides to 1 pop every 20 seconds. Pour in the melted butter, and toss to coat. Add 2 heaping tablespoons of taco spice and 12 teaspoon salt, and toss again to coat.nStore the remaining taco spice blend at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. Youll have enough to make 3 more batches of popcorn., ingredients: [20 large sundried tomatoes not oilpacked about 3 ounces, cut into 14inch strips, 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup popcorn kernels], title: Kids Can Make: Healthy Taco Popcorn, picturelink: iqp2Fl.Q7AgNEKQQYD9XGUWd2b0HSXG}, 201: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a Dutch oven halfway with oil and heat to 375 degrees F. Whisk the flour, cornmeal, seafood seasoning and sprinkle with salt and pepper in a small bowl and set aside. In another small bowl, whisk the buttermilk, Sriracha and egg and set aside. Place the shrimp into the buttermilk mixture, let the excess drip off, then dredge in the flour mixture and shake off any excess. Place the shrimp onto a wireracked baking sheet. Repeat until all shrimp are breaded. Fry the shrimp in batches, not overcrowding the oil, until golden brown and cooked through, 2 to 4 minutes. Place the shrimp onto a papertowellinedplate. Repeat until all the shrimp are fried. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread both sides of the rolls heavily with the Horseradish Remoulade. Place the shrimp on top and then the tomatoes, lettuce and some onions. Eat awaynAdd the mayonnaise, capers, Sriracha, horseradish, lemon juice, relish, vinegar, mustard, shallots and sprinkle with salt and pepper in a food processor. Blend until slightly chunky. Adjust seasoning if necessary. Yield: 34 cup., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons Sriracha, 1 egg, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and butterflied, 4 Soft Hoagie Rolls, brushed with butter and slightly toasted in the oven, Horseradish Remoulade, recipe follows, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced into rounds, 8 leaves green leaf lettuce, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cups mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon stoneground mustard, 12 medium shallot, cut into chunks 14 cup, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Shrimp Po Boy with Horseradish Remoulade, picturelink: 02RaoGv0msfjkL.vVNcIek4C0ow.mQ6}, 202: {instructions: Whip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitter with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar, Cassis, and vanilla. Continue to whip until it forms soft peaks. Do not over beat.nSpoon the cream onto the meringues and top with berries., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 4 12 tablespoons sugar, 4 12 tablespoons Cassis, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 meringue shells, 2 half pints fresh raspberries], title: Meringues with Cassis and Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 203: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium baking dish, combine the carrots, parsnips, garlic, cumin seeds, honey, olive oil, water, salt and pepper. Toss well. Cover and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the cover and continue baking until the carrots begin to caramelize, about 20 minutes longer. There should be no liquid remaining in the pan. Sprinkle with the lime juice and mint and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch slices on the diagonal, 1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into 14inch slices on the diagonal, 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons toasted cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 cup olive oil, 13 cup water, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 2 limes, 12 bunch mint, leaves only, chopped], title: Roasted Carrots and Parsnips with Cumin, picturelink: null}, 204: {instructions: Place the prawns into a bowl, sprinkle over the salt, ground turmeric and red chile powder, and set aside to marinate for 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, blend the English mustard, cornflour and a splash of water, to a paste in a small bowl. Reserve.nHeat the mustard oil in a large nonstick pan over a medium heat until smoking. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool for 15 to 20 seconds, then add the nigella seeds, return the pan to the heat, and cook the seeds until they sizzle.nAdd the green chiles, and onion, stir well and fry for 7 to 8 minutes, or until softened.nAdd the garlic, and ginger pastes, and continue to cook for 45 to 60 seconds. Add the reserved mustard paste, and grated coconut, and stir well to combine. Fry the mixture for 4 to 5 minutes, then add the water, and continue cooking for another 3 to 4 minutes, or until the volume of liquid has reduced by half, and the sauce has thickened.nAdd the prawns and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until pink, stirring well. Stir in the chopped cilantro, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound mediumsized prawns large shrimp, cleaned, shells removed, tails left on, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 4 teaspoons English mustard, 1 teaspoon cornflour, 4 tablespoons mustard oil, 1 teaspoon nigella seeds fennel flower, black caraway, 2 green chiles, left whole, 1 onion, finely sliced, 2 teaspoon garlic paste, made by blending 1 garlic clove with 1 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoon ginger paste make your own by crushing or blending fresh ginger to a rough paste, adding water, if necessary, to loosen, 5 ounces freshly grated coconut, 1 cup water, Handful chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Coconut and Mustard Prawns, picturelink: null}, 205: {instructions: Bring 8 cups of water to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add blackberries, mint, and tea bags. Remove from heat and let stand 1 hour at room temperature. Strain the mixture through a sieve, into a pitcher and discard the tea bags and solids. Add sugar and lemon juice to the tea, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour into glasses or cups and garnish each serving with a mint sprig., ingredients: [8 cups water, 2 cups fresh blackberries, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, plus 8 fresh sprigs, for garnish, 6 rosehip and hibiscus tea bags, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Blackberry Aquas Fresca, picturelink: null}, 206: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the scallions, soy sauce, vinegar, gingerroot, vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon of the sesame oil, sugar, garlic paste, and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a shallow dish, arrange the halibut fillets in 1 layer, pour the soy sauce mixture over them, and let the fish marinate, covered and chilled, for 30 minutes.nArrange a steamer or baking rack in a wide deep kettle and add water to the kettle to reach just below the steamer rack. Put a plate, such as a glass pie plate, at least 1inch smaller in diameter than the steamer on the rack and place the fish on top. Bring the water to a boil. Pour the marinade over the fish.nSteam the fish, covered, over the boiling water until it just flakes, about 12 minutes, and with oven mitts, remove the steamer from the wok. Transfer the fillets carefully to a heated platter and drizzle them with the remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil and the sauce remaining on the plate., ingredients: [12 cup thinly sliced scallion, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons ricewine vinegar available at Asian markets or whitewine vinegar, 1 1 12inch piece peeled fresh gingerroot, cut into very fine julienne strips, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, plus 1 teaspoon for drizzling the fish, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch of salt, 14 to 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste, 4 6ounce Pacific halibut fillets, skinned], title: Steamed Halibut Fillets, Chinese Style, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 207: {instructions: In a large highsided saute pan, heat canola oil to 375 degrees F.nPlace 2 jalapenos rings on top of each fish fillets. Then wrap each fillet with 1 bacon slice, covering jalapeno rings. Dip into batter and drop into the hot oil. Fry until nice they have a golden brown color, approximately 5 minutes. Place onto either a serving platter or plate and drizzle glaze over fried fish. Drizzle 12 teaspoon orange liqueur over each fish and garnish with orange zest.nThis recipe was provided by a finalist, who may or may not be a professional cook, for The Next Food Network Star. Food Network has not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nIn a medium bowl combine all the ingredients. Let it sit for 5 minutes. Consistency should be like pancake batter. If too thick add more beer.nIn a small pot over medium heat, add all ingredients, except sugar, and let simmer for 20 minutes. Add sugar and let simmer for another 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups canola oil, 1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced into thin rings, 4 4ounce seabass fillets, 4 strips par cooked bacon, 1 cup Beer Batter, recipe follows, 1 cup Raspberry, Honey, Soy Glaze, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 orange, zest cut into, long, thin, curled pieces, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 8 ounces light lager recommended: Amstel Light, 1 teaspoon blackening seasoning, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 cup honey, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 14 cup sugar], title: Texas Fried Sea Bass with a Raspberry Honey Soy Glaze, picturelink: uKohiqUoXbvnl0DE05oh2xY0TmMLtxK}, 208: {instructions: Rinse the hominy, then place in a large bowl and cover with twice its volume of cold water. Soak overnight. Drain when ready to use.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the hominy and twice its volume of water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the hominy kernels have split open and become tender, 1 12 to 2 hours. Drain and set aside to cool.nIn a medium bowl, add the lime juice and zest, orange juice and zest, tequila, agave, cumin, pepper flakes, salt and black pepper. Whisk together while adding the olive oil in a slow, steady stream.nAdd the hominy, black beans, pomegranate seeds and cilantro to the vinaigrette and mix well. Refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes before serving to allow the hominy and black beans to soak up some of the vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 pound dried hominy pozole, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 limes, juiced and zested, 2 oranges, juiced and zested, 2 tablespoons goodquality gold tequila, 1 teaspoon agave syrup, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pomegranate seeds, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, torn], title: Hominy with Pomegranate and Cilantro, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 209: {instructions: Crack eggs and egg whites into a bowl and whisk. Add chives and parsley and stir to incorporate. Spray a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Ladle 14 egg mixture into skillet and cook, omelet style, until eggs are cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Slide omelet onto a plate and repeat with remaining eggs cover with foil to keep warm. In same skillet, heat Canadian bacon until warm, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Toast English muffin. Fold omelet in to fit English muffin, then place omelet on 1 muffin half. Top with a bacon slice, then tomato, then top with other muffin half.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin A, Thiamin, Riboflavin, Niacin, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Calcium, Manganese, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Vitamin B6, Folate, Copper, Iodine, Iron, Magnesium, Potassium, Zinc, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 eggs and 4 egg whites, 14 cup minced chives, 14 cup minced parsley, 4 wholewheat English muffins, 4 12inch round slices Canadian bacon, 1 large beefsteak tomato, sliced into 12inch thick slices], title: Healthy Breakfast Sandwich, picturelink: cvwKk9G8s2TtTXdqyld..vNm0TIwq}, 210: {instructions: Peel plantains and cut on a diagonal into 34inch thick slices. In a heavy skillet, heat 34 cup oil and fry plantain slices until golden brown. Lift slices onto plate or tray to cool, and press with spatula to flatten. Return to hot oil and fry again until crisp. Drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper, and keep warm on a serving plate.nIn small bowl, make mojo by whisking together fresh garlic, sour orange juice, and remaining 14 cup oil. Dress each serving of plantains with mojo and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 green plantains, 34 cup oil, plus 14 cup, Salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 sour orange, juiced approximately 14 cup], title: Fried Green Plantains and Garlic Sauce: Tostones with Mojo, picturelink: null}, 211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a cast iron skillet large enough to hold 1 of the pizza rounds, heat about 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, turn heat off and add 1 of the pizza rounds. Use a spatula to press gently on the top of the round to keep it relatively flat as it cooks. When you see it is slightly brown on the underside, season the top lightly with salt and pepper and flip the round on its second side. Season it with salt and pepper and top with the onion sausageonion mixture and place the skillet in the center of the oven until the pizza has finished cooking, 5 to 8 minutes. Repeat with remaining dough and topping.nIn a large bowl, combine the yeast and warm water. Stir to dissolve the yeast and allow the mixture to rest for 5 minutes.nUsing a sieve or strainer, sift about half of the flour over the yeast mixture and blend until smooth with your hands. Add the salt, pepper and honey and mix to blend. Sift in the remaining flour and mix to blend.nLightly flour a cutting board or flat surface. Turn the pizza dough onto the floured area and knead for 3 to 5 minutes. The flour should feel smooth and the ingredients fully integrated. Place the dough inside a lightly oiled large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest in a warm place, about 1 12 hours or until doubled in volume.nPress gently on the dough and turn it onto a floured surface. Divide the dough into 4 equal parts, rolling each quarter into a loose ball. Cover with a clean kitchen towel and allow the dough to rest for an additional 15 minutes. Flatten each ball, 1at a time, and roll into a 6inch round. Place each round in a single layer on a lightly greased baking sheet.nIn a medium skillet over high heat, heat the olive oil and cook the sausage, breaking it into small pieces as it cooks, until golden brown and crispy.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove the sausage from the pan onto a papertowel lined plate. Drop the onions into the pan and cook over medium heat until caramelized, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the honey.nAdd the caramelized onions to the pizza fried pizza dough and top with mozzarella, sausage, basil, and a drizzle of good extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 8 tablespoons olive oil, Lamb Sausage and Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 12 cups warm water about 110 degrees F, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling dough, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 scant tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus some additional for coating the bowlgreasing the trays, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 ounces spicy lamb sausage, casings removed, 2 small red onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon honey, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, cubed, 12 cup basil leaves, stemmed, washed and dried], title: Oven Fried Pizza, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 212: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the pork, shrimp, lemongrass, sesame seeds, lime juice, chiles, ginger, garlic, basil, cilantro, mint, soy sauce, fish sauce, breadcrumbs and eggs in a large mixing bowl and mix by hand until thoroughly incorporated. Drizzle the olive oil into a 9 by 12inch baking dish, making sure to evenly coat the entire surface.nRoll the mixture into round, golf ball size meatballs, making sure to pack the meat firmly.nPlace the balls into the oiled baking dish such that all the meatballs are lined up evenly in rows and are touching each of their 4 neighbors in a grid.nRoast until firm and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Allow the meatballs to cool about 5 minutes before removing from the baking dish.nGarnish with shaved carrots and chopped roasted peanuts. Serve with Peanut Dipping Sauce.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl and whisk well to combine., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, ground or chopped finely, 2 tablespoons minced lemongrass, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 lime, juiced, 2 Thai chiles, minced, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, chopped, 34 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup fish sauce, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 2 eggs, Olive oil, Carrot shavings, for garnish, Chopped roasted peanuts, for garnish, Peanut Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup chunky peanut butter, 12 teaspoon grated ginger, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 14 cup hot water, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Thai Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 213: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the garbanzo beans, tahini, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic and 12 cup water and process until smooth. Add the salt, starting at 12 teaspoon add additional salt to taste if needed.nSpoon into shot glasses and sprinkle with toasted pine nuts and chopped parsley. Artfully place an assortment of the carrots, cucumbers and peppers into the hummus., ingredients: [Two 15ounce cans garbanzo beans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 23 cup tahini roasted, not raw, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, mashed and then minced, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more if needed, Toasted pine nuts, for garnish, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Carrots, cut into 2inch strips, for serving, Cucumbers, cut into 2inch strips, for serving, Bell peppers, cut into 2inch strips, for serving], title: Shot Glass Apps: Hummus and Veggies, picturelink: null}, 214: {instructions: Toss the bread with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bread and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden on all sides, about 7 minutes. Set aside and let cool slightly.nWhisk the dressing, parmesan, anchovies, lemon juice and mustard in a large bowl. Add the romaine and croutons toss to coat and season with pepper. Top with blue cheese.nPuree 12 cup each crumbled blue cheese and sour cream, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 small garlic clove smashed and 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar in a blender. Transfer to a bowl and stir in 14 cup more blue cheese, 2 to 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce andor hot sauce, and 1 tablespoon chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Makes about 2 cups.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [6 slices white sandwich bread, cubed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup blue cheese dressing see directions, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 3 romaine lettuce hearts, roughly chopped, Crumbled blue cheese, for topping], title: Blue Cheese Caesar Salad, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 215: {instructions: For the Chicken Tamarillo:nPlace whole chicken in stockpot and cover with water. Bring to boil, over high heat, then reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 1 hour 15 minutes, or until fully cooked. Remove chicken to cutting board. Strain and reserve stock. Remove skin and discard. Shred the meat by pulling apart with your hands. Heat olive oil on medium heat in rondo or large high sided skillet and saute onions for 10 minutes. Add peppers and garlic and saute for 5 minutes. Crush tomatoes with hands and add to skillet along with the juice from the can. Add the reserved chicken stock and simmer 5 minutes. Stir in the shredded chicken, Worcestershire sauce, chipotle sauce, oregano, adobo, salt and pepper, to taste, and simmer another 10 minutes. Fold in cilantro before serving.nServe with rice, beans, shredded cheese, and fried sweet plantains, if desired.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 4pound chicken, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 Spanish onions, julienne, 1 red bell pepper, julienne, 1 green bell pepper, julienne, 5 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 3 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 4 ounces chipotle sauce, 1 12 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons adobo seasoning, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Chicken Tamarillo, picturelink: null}, 216: {instructions: To make the marshmallow cream. In a small saucepan, combine 12 cup of water with sugar and corn syrup, bring to a boil for 5 minutes. In a standing mixer, whip egg whites until they form a soft peak and add the lemon juice. Leaving mixer on high, add the boiling syrup in 3 parts to the egg whites. In a small bowl, dissolve the gelatin with remaining 14 cup of water. Add the dissolved gelatin to the mixer, and leave to mix for 3 to 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nTo make the tuile. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the standing mixer, add the confectioners sugar, flour, ground ginger, egg whites and milk and mix together well. Let batter set for 30 minutes. Using a sturdy plastic disposable plate, cut out a decorative shape in center. On a baking sheet, lined with a silpat or parchment paper, fill the stencil with a thin layer of batter. Remove the stencil, repeat with remaining batter and bake until golden, about 10 minutes. When tuiles are cool enough to handle, but still hot, wrap them loosely around the handle of a wooden spoon. When cool remove shell, melt some semisweet chocolate and dip the ends of the tuile shell in it.nUsing a biscuit cutter, cut 2 rounds of sponge cake. Place 1 sponge cake round on the bottom of a plate. Spread raspberry marmalade on the sponge cake and place raspberries on top. Put the marshmallow cream in a bag with a  5 star tip. Make a circle on top of the raspberries. Now repeat the sponge cake series again with the raspberry marmalade spread. Place another layer of fresh raspberries and finish off with marshmallow cream topping. Get a nice raspberry and roll it in super fine sugar. Place it on the center with a mint leaf. Serve with tuiles., ingredients: [34 cup water, 2 12 cups sugar, 13 cup corn syrup, 8 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 ounce gelatin, 4 cups 1 pound confectioners sugar, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 12 large egg whites, 12 cup whole milk, Semisweet chocolate, melted, for dipping tuile, Sponge cake, Raspberry marmalade, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, Superfine sugar, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Raspberry Delights, picturelink: zfUmT5FeqqdmAadCVTDDeY4Ujcdb64e}, 217: {instructions: Add Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, triple sec, lime juice, and pineapple juice in a blender with crushed icenBlend until smooth and pour into glassnGarnish with lime slice and pineapple slice, ingredients: [1 oz. Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, .25 oz. triple sec, 1 oz. lime juice, . pineapple juice, 1 slice lime 2 oz, 1 slice pineapple], title: Barbados Punch, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 218: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo skewersnPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSeason chicken with pepper and garlic powder. Weave a bamboo skewer through the length of each chicken strip as you would run a straight pin through fabric. Divide the cheese into even amounts for the chicken strips and spread on the surface of the chicken. Then wrap each chicken strip with a slice of the prosciutto and place on a lightly greased baking sheet and bake until done., ingredients: [6 boneless chicken breasts, each cut into 3 1 12inch wide strips, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 small wheel herb cheese about 5 ounces recommended: Boursin, 18 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced], title: Chicken with Boursin Wrapped in Prosciutto, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 219: {instructions: Whisk together vinegar, olive oil, shallot, salt and pepper. Toss arugula, radishes and red apple together. Toss salad with dressing right before serving., ingredients: [14 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches arugula, thick stems removed, rinsed and dried, 12 pound radishes, thinly sliced on mandoline, 1 red apple, peeled, cored and finely diced], title: Arugula, Apple, and Radish Salad with Cider Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 220: {instructions: In a blender or small food processor, combine the soy sauce, olive oil, garlic, brown sugar, vinegar, and ginger. Puree until smooth.nPlace the flank steak in a shallow dish just large enough to hold it. With a skewer or kitchen fork, pierce the steak many times. Pour the soy mixture over the meat. Cover and refrigerate, turning and piercing the steak again every hour, for 8 hours. Return to room temperature.nLight a hot fire in a charcoal grill or preheat a gas grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nGrill steak on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals or in grill pan for 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat.nTransfer steak to a cutting board and let stand for 10 minutes. Holding a sharp knife at a 45 degree angle, cut steak across the grain into very thin slices, ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup olive oil, 8 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger, 1 large flank steak about 2 14 pounds, Freshly ground pepper], title: Flank Steak Haddad, picturelink: null}, 221: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, mustard, Italian seasoning, cayenne and lemon juice. Add the chicken, parsley, celery and green onions, and toss to coat in the dressing. Season with salt and pepper. Let the chicken salad hang out for 30 minutes or so to allow the flavors to marry. Divide evenly among the croissants. Serve., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 1 12 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Juice of 12 lemon, 4 cups cold fried chicken, cut into large dice 5 to 8 pieces breasts and thighs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 stalks celery, diced, 3 green onions, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 croissants, split], title: Fried Chicken Salad Sandwiches, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 222: {instructions: All the ingredients should be at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cream the butter for 5 minutes in a large mixing bowl. Add sugar to the mixture and beat another 5 to 7 minutes. Add eggs and beat until blended. Add the orange juice and the vanilla extract.nIn a large bowl combine the baking powder and baking soda with about 1 cup of flour and stir in the egg mixture slowly. Add the remaining cups of flour gradually. The dough is ready when it leaves the sides of your mixing bowl completely. The dough is soft and pliable.nUsing a Swedish meatball scoop, begin cutting balls out of the dough. Roll out the dough balls in long rope like portions, fold over in half and twist. Place the cookies on a greased baking pan.nBeat the 2 eggs in a small bowl to make the glaze. Brush the cookies on the pan with the glaze and bake in the oven for 25 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [34 pound butter, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 eggs, plus 2 eggs, for glaze on top, 2 tablespoons orange juice with no pulp, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 5 14 cups flour], title: Irenes Sweet Koulourakia, picturelink: null}, 223: {instructions: Toss potatoes with olive oil, salt and pepper to taste. Spread on a baking sheet and bake in a 350 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes, then increase the temperature to 450 and bake another 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes, Olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Les Petits Pomme de Terre Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 224: {instructions: Add the ranch dressing and taco seasoning to a small bowl and stir to combine.nPile the lettuce into individual bowls. Sprinkle over the cheese, diced tomato and taco chips. Drizzle over the dressing and serve., ingredients: [34 cup good bottled ranch dressing, 2 tablespoons taco seasoning from a packet, 1 head green leaf lettuce, cut into large pieces, 14 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 1 Roma tomato, diced, 1 handful taco chips, crushed slightly], title: Taco Ranch Side Salad, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 225: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix cream cheese and 12 packet of taco seasoning with 1 cup of the sour cream hold the rest of the sour cream to decorate. Set mixture aside.nSpread a thin layer of refried beans in the bottom of a microwaveable serving dish. Add a layer of shredded cheese. Heat dish in microwave for 1 minute, until cheese is slightly melted.nDrain the salsa and layer it over the cheese. Drain the olives and layer over the salsa. Add a layer of the sour cream mixture. Add a layer of guacamole.nTo decorate the top, spoon a medium sized dollop of sour cream in the center. This is the spiders nest.nSpoon the rest of the sour cream into an airtight bag. Cut a very small piece out of 1 of the bottom corners of the bag and, starting at the outer edge of the dip, pipe a thin circle around the perimeter. Create another circle half way between the perimeter circle and the center dollop, creating 3 circles.nUsing a knife blade, toothpick or skewer, drag a thin line of the sour cream from the nest outward toward the edge of the dish. Continue making lines all around the nest to complete the spider web design. Position whole black beans onto the sour cream web.nEmbellish with plastic decorative spiders. Serve with a bowl of blue tortilla chips, and watch your guests scurry to get a bite, ingredients: [2 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 1.25ounce package taco seasoning mix, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 16ounce can black refried beans, 1 12ounce package shredded Mexican cheese, 12 cup fresh chunky salsa from your grocerys deli section, 1 2.25ounce can chopped black olives, 1 cup guacamole from your grocerys deli section, 1 15ounce can whole black beans, drained and rinsed, 4 to 6 bags blue tortilla chips], title: Spiders Nest Dip, picturelink: null}, 226: {instructions: Combine the flours and salt in a bowl. Make a well in the center, add 12 cup warm water and 1 tablespoon olive oil and mix to make a sticky dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until soft and pliable, about 5 minutes. Brush a bowl with olive oil and place the dough in it. Cover and let rest about 30 minutes.nDivide the dough into 6 even balls. On a floured surface, roll each ball into an 8to9inch round, then layer between parchment paper.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. One at a time, lightly brush each dough round with oil and place in the pan. Cook until bubbly on top and charred on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes, then flip and cook 1 more minute. Remove from the skillet, brush with more oil and season with salt. To reheat, wrap the flatbreads in a damp paper towel and microwave 45 seconds.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [34 cup wholewheat flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing], title: Indian Flatbreads, picturelink: null}, 227: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace sweet potatoes, olive oil, 1 teaspoon curry powder, and a dash of salt in a plastic bag. Shake until well coated. Spread on a cookie sheet. Bake, until golden and cooked through, stirring once at the halfway point, 18 to 20 minutes.nWhile the sweet potatoes are cooking, combine tomatoes, chickpeas, carrots, red pepper flakes, and remaining curry powder in a medium saucepot. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Add cooked sweet potatoes, stir in the spinach, and cook until spinach is wilted, 1 to 2 minutesnDivide among the pita, top each sandwich with 14 of the cilantro leaves and 14 of the yogurt. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 medium sweet potato, peeled and diced about 34 pound, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon curry powder, plus 1 teaspoon, Coarse grained salt, 1 15ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, 1 cup carrots, julienne or shredded, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 5 ounces washed baby spinach leaves, 4 small wholewheat pitas or other flatbread, 12 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Spicy Vegetable Wrap, picturelink: null}, 228: {instructions: Boil potatoes in salted water for 12 minutes, until fork tender. Drain and return potatoes to hot pot to dry them. Sprinkle potatoes with vinegar. Transfer potatoes to a bowl and let them cool.nWhen potatoes have cooled, add pimento and peas to the bowl. Using a hand held grater, grate the small white onion over the potatoes. The onion juice is what makes this salad so good. Add 12 cup of mayonnaise dressing to the bowl, or to your liking, to bind.nSeason potato salad with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to plastic serving wear and pack up for your picnic. Keep this salad in your cooler with beverages or chill until ready to travel., ingredients: [2 12 pounds white thin skin potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons white vinegar or cider vinegar, 1 6ounce jar, sliced pimento, drained and chopped, 1 cup frozen sweet peas, 1 small white onion, peeled and left whole, 12 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise or, just enough to bind salad, Salt and pepper], title: Moms Potato Salad with Pimento and Peas, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 229: {instructions: Heat a medium saute pan on the grill or side burner over high heat. Add the olive oil, onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the curry powder, lower the heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Combine the curry mixture, mayonnaise, and lime juice a food processor and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nCombine the lobster, celery, bell peppers, onion, mayonnaise and cilantro in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Split the rolls and brush with butter. Grill, splitside down, until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Fill the rolls with the lobster salad and arrange on a serving platter.n Boil the lobsters until cooked 34 of the way in a pot of salted water on the grill. Remove and split in half. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes, cut side down until just cooked through. Remove the meat and coarsely chop., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons good quality curry powder, 2 cups good quality mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups grilled lobster meat, from 2 3 pound lobsters, 1 large stalk celery, cut into 14inch thick slices, 14 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 14 cup finely diced yellow bell pepper, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 2 cups Curried Mayonnaise, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 good quality hot dog or hamburger buns, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Lobster Rolls with Curried Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 230: {instructions: Cut rind from grapefruit and 2 oranges. Separate sections by cutting between membranes. Reserve sections. Squeeze remaining membranes over 2cup measure about 23 cup juice. From remaining oranges, grate rind to equal 2 teaspoons. Halve oranges squeeze juice to equal 12 cup. Add to reserved juices.nHeat butter, honey and sugar in large skillet over mediumhigh heat until sugar is dissolved and starts to turn light brown, 5 minutes. Add potatoes, reserved juices, orange rind and salt. Cover bring to a boil. Reduce to mediumlow simmer, covered, 22 to 25 minutes, until potatoes are tender.nUncover cook over mediumhigh until liquid evaporates, thick glaze forms, 3 minutes. Stir in fruit, lime rind., ingredients: [2 grapefruit, 4 large navel oranges, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 14 cup honey, 14 cup sugar, 5 12 pounds sweet potatoes, about 10 medium peeled, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons grated lime rind], title: Citrus Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss together the pasta with the cheese cubes and pour into the baking dish.nIn a large bowl, mix together the flour, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, dry mustard, nutmeg. Add the sour cream, egg, heavy cream, halfandhalf and onions. Pour over the pasta and cover with the shredded Cheddar. Bake uncovered until the top is just beginning to brown, about 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, cut the bread into croutonsize squares. In a skillet over medium heat, melt the butter, add the bread cubes and toast until golden. Sprinkle the bread cubes on top of the macaroni and cheese and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes more., ingredients: [2 cups elbow pasta, cooked until almost al dente, 8 ounces Cheddar, 12 cubed, 12 shredded, 8 ounces Colby cheese, cubed, 8 ounces Monterey pepper jack cheese, cubed, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 4 tablespoons sour cream, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup finely grated onions, 4 slices bread, 1 tablespoon butter, Special equipment: 2quart baking dish], title: Spicy Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: qzGpueWq28sLCZ7Lna.QElzNlXvCqG}, 232: {instructions: Special equipment: Good quality waffle iron with adjustable settings and that turns upside down, preferably cast iron.nPut the flour in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a dough hook. Whisk together the eggs, and then add the milk, vanilla extract, vanilla seeds and honey in a large bowl. Add the mixture to the flour and mix for 1 minute. Add the yeast and continue to mix until the dough becomes smooth, about 5 minutes.nBegin adding the butter, at low speed, piece by piece and continue mixing until its incorporated into the dough. Add the salt, increase the speed to high and continue mixing until the dough becomes a shiny solid mass and totally pulls away from the bottom and sides of the bowl, 10 to 15 minutes. The dough needs to be very elastic, you shouldnt be able to break the dough when pulled. Add the sugar and mix until it is just incorporated, about 1 minute.nLine baking sheets with parchment paper. Divide the dough into 48 even pieces, roll into balls, place on the parchment, cover with clean cotton towels and let rise in a warm area until almost tripled in size, anywhere from 1 12 to 3 hours.nHeat the waffle iron to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray the waffle iron with nonstick spray or brush with melted butter. Cook the waffles until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [5 pounds allpurpose flour, 10 large eggs, 2 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 1 14 pounds clover honey, 14 pound dry yeast, 2 34 pounds VERY cold butter, cut into large dice, 2 tablespoons fine salt, 1 12 pounds pearl sugar or use white or sugar in the raw sugar cubes that have been coarsely crushed, Nonstick spray or melted butter, for greasing iron], title: Liege Waffles, picturelink: null}, 233: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large heavy saute pan, add enough oil to come 2 inches up the sides of the pan. Heat the oil on mediumhigh heat. When hot, work in batches and quickly fry the tortillas for about 10 seconds on each side they should still be pliable. Remove the tortillas from the heat and drain on a papertowellined plate. In a medium saute pan over medium heat, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and add the garlic and onion. Saute until the onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato puree. Cook for 10 minutes and turn the heat off. In a separate large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the zucchini and corn. Cook for 2 minutes, and then add the chopped poblano chiles. Add 12 cup water to the mixture and cook for 4 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spray a 9by13inch baking dish with a nonstick cooking spray. Cover the bottom with about 4 tortillas. Add 12 cup of the tomato mixture on top of the tortillas. Top with 1 12 cups of the zucchini mixture. Add 1 cup of the cheese. Drizzle with 14 cup of Mexican crema. Sprinkle the first layer with some salt and pepper. Start on the second layer with the tortillas, then the tomato, zucchini, cheese and Mexican crema. Again sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Repeat for a third time, to finish off a third layer. Place the casserole into the oven until the cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 corn tortillas, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small white onion, chopped, 2 large tomatoes, boiled 30 seconds, peeled, and pureed to yield 2 cups, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 12 cups chopped zucchini from 3 large zucchini, 1 12 cup fresh corn off the cob from 1 ear, 3 poblano chiles charred, seeded, deveined, and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 3 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese, or Monterey Jack, 34 cup Mexican crema or creme fraiche], title: ZucchiniTortilla Casserole Pastel Azteca, picturelink: JED3PuVMfbtDxrPoyJ9K8.SYuCxGvnG}, 234: {instructions: Butter and flour a straightwalled 10inch tube pan. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and continue to mix well. Add the eggs 1 at a time and beat until incorporated.nIn a bowl, whisk together the milk and vanilla. In another bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.nReduce the mixers speed to low. Alternately add the flour and milk mixture until a smooth batter is formed. Continue mixing for 5 minutes. Its important to mix for the full 5 minutes.nTransfer 13 of the batter to a bowl and whisk in the cocoa powder. Stir the coconut into the remaining batter.nPour the coconut batter into the pan then spoon the chocolate batter around. Run a knife through the batter, cutting the batters together to create a marbled effect. Do not stir. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour 15 minutes.nLet the cake cool in the pan. Invert the cake onto a stand or plate, slice, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter 2 sticks, plus more for the pan, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups flour, plus more for the pan, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, sifted, 1 cup shredded coconut], title: Lilys Marble Cake, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 235: {instructions: Place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Butter an 8by8by2inch baking dish or an 8cup gratin dish.nMelt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour until smooth. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and nutmeg and bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the white sauce is thickened, about 10 minutes. Season with pepper. Remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, bring about 1inch of water to a boil in a large saucepan and set up a collapsible steamer on top. Put the broccoli in the steamer and season with salt. Cover, and steam until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Put the broccoli in the prepared dish, sprinkle with half of the cheese and pour on the sauce. Cover with the remaining cheese.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bread crumbs and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Cover the gratin with the bread crumbs. Bake until lightly browned and bubbly, about 20 minutes. Serve immediately.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more as needed, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds broccoli about 4 heads, cut into small florets about 8 cups, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar about 4 ounces, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs], title: Broccoli Gratin, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 236: {instructions: Preheat a deepfryer with oil to 375 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat and add some salt. In small batches, add the cut potatoes and cook for 4 minutes, until they are soft. Carefully remove them from the boiling water and shock in a bowl of icy cold water. Drain and dry well with paper towels. Arrange the potatoes on a paper towel lined sheet tray and let airdry. Repeat with each batch.nIn a large bowl, whisk together 1 cup of the flour, the cornstarch, garlic powder, cayenne, smoked paprika, baking powder, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the beer and whisk until incorporated. The batter will be slightly lumpy.nAdd the remaining 1 cup of flour to a pie plate. In batches, dredge the fish fillets in the flour, then the beer batter. Let the excess batter drip off and gently lower into the fryer. Fry until golden brown and flip, roughly 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the oil and arrange on a serving platter.nAdd the blanched potatoes to the deepfryer and fry until golden brown and crisp, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with kosher salt. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with the fried fish and the Spicy Tartar Sauce.nCombine all the ingredients in a serving bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let the flavors develop in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, Kosher salt, 3 large russet potatoes, unpeeled and scrubbed, cut into 14inch French fries, 2 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 13 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup beer, 8 4ounce cod fillets, Ginas Spicy Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons hot pepper relish, 1 clove garlic, minced, Dash hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Neelys Fish and Chips, picturelink: lROfn4CjPQGv.NcVpWMAg87aENRJKu}, 237: {instructions: Mix 34 cup ranch dressing, 12 cup grated cucumber, the juice of 12 lemon and 1 tablespoon wasabi paste. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Wasabi Ranch Sauce, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 238: {instructions: Cook potatoes in simmering water until soft and put them through a potato ricer. Saute onion in margarine until very soft. Add 12 of the onions to the potatoes and season with salt and pepper.nFor the pirogi sift flour and salt into a bowl. Add vegetable oil and enough water to make a soft dough and mix until the dough no longer sticks to the hands. Cover dough and let rest for about 5 minutes. Roll out dough on a floured board to a 14inch thickness. Cut dough into small squares and place a dollop of potato mixture in the center of each square. Fold dough, pinching ends to form a triangle. When all are made, put into boiling water and boil for about 10 minutes.nFor bobalki, roll out leftover dough into 3inch long pieces and cook with pirogi.nWhen all are cooked, drain and serve with the remaining Sauteed onions on top., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes, cooked and drained save water from cooked potatoes, 2 onions chopped, 1 stick margarine, Salt and pepper, 2 cups flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup vegetable water], title: Lenten Pirogi and Bobalki, picturelink: null}, 239: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325. Beat the grated chocolate, sugar, and egg yolks in a bowl until thick and creamy. Fold in the stiffly beaten egg whites. Sift the flour over the mixture and fold it in gently. Set cupcakes papers out on a cookie sheet and spoon a small amount of batter  not more than 14 cup  into each one. Sift the confectioners sugar over the batter. Bake immediately, until the tops are firm, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 1ounce squares semisweet chocolate, grated, 1 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 8 egg whites, beaten stiff, 12 cup cake flour, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Biscuits de Chocolat Small Chocolate Cakes, picturelink: null}, 240: {instructions: While the chicken stock is preheating in one pot, melt the butter in another large, heavybottomed soup pot. Add the leeks, onions, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, and saute over medium heat until the vegetables are wilted, about 10 minutes. Add the preheated chicken stock to the vegetables and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 30 to 35 minutes.nAdd the potatoes, return the soup to a boil, then reduce to a simmer again. Continue to cook 20 minutes more, or until the potatoes are tender. Remove the bay leaves. Salt and white pepper to taste, and serve with croutons of French bread toasted with olive oil., ingredients: [2 quarts chicken stock recipe follows, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large leeks, washed and diced about 3 cups, 2 large white onions, peeled and chopped about 2 cups, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, plus additional to taste, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, plus additional to taste, 4 raw Idaho potatoes about 2 pounds peeled and diced, French bread croutons], title: Potato and Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 241: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the beans in a heatproof container.nIn a pot, heat the vinegar and 2 cups water to a simmer. Take off the heat and add the mustard seeds, salt, sugar, red pepper and garlic. Whisk until the salt and sugar dissolve.nPour the liquid over the green beans. Let cool, and then cover and place in the refrigerator. Allow the beans to pickle 24 hours before using. Pickled green beans will keep tightly covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, 2 cups white vinegar, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 cloves garlic], title: Sweet and Hot Quick Pickled Green Beans, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 242: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Peel and rinse the potatoes, then grate on the large holes of a box grater into a colander set over a large bowl. Grate the onion into the colander season with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Squeeze the potato mixture with your hands to remove as much liquid as possible, transferring the mixture to a paper towellined plate as you go. Wipe out the bowl. Blot the potato mixture dry with paper towels and return to the dry bowl.nPeel the beet and grate on the large holes of the box grater add to the bowl with the potato mixture. Add the egg, matzo meal and parsley and stir to combine. Scoop tablespoonfuls of the potato mixture and tightly pack into 1inch pancakes about 24 transfer to a large plate.nHeat 14 inch schmaltz or vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, add the pancakes and fry until browned and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet sprinkle with salt and keep warm in the oven or serve at room temperature. Top as desired.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 medium russet potatoes about 1 14 pounds, 1 small onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 medium beet, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup matzo meal or allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Schmaltz rendered chicken fat, or vegetable oil, for frying, Chopped chives, creme fraiche andor salmon roe for topping optional], title: BeetandPotato Latkes, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 243: {instructions: Israeli Spice Rub:nFor the spice rub combine the paprika, cumin, oregano, coriander, crushed red pepper flakes, and kosher salt in a bowl. Place in a sealable jar, keep in a cool dry place for up to 6 months.nPlace chicken in a shallow dish. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil to barely coat the meat. Rub chicken liberally with 4 tablespoons of the spice blend. Let stand 10 minutes.nGrill chicken 6 or 7 minutes on each side or until juices run clear.nSeed and chop the tomatoes and combine with onion and parsley in a shallow bowl. Combine oil, lemon juice, and spices in a small plastic container with a lid. Shake dressing to combine and pour over salad. Season salad with kosher salt and toss to combine well. Let stand 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons 1 12 palmfuls sweet paprika, 1 12 tablespoons 1 12 palmfuls ground cumin, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful dried oregano, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful ground coriander, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes medium to hot in spice level, 1 12 teaspoons 12 palmful, coarse kosher salt, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts split, 8 pieces 1 12 to 2 pounds, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Warm pita or flat bread, for passing, Serving suggestions: Serve with tomato relish and zucchini recipes follow. Piling the relish and the chicken in a warm pita is a fun way to combine the flavors and textures of the 2 recipes., 3 tablespoons a couple of glugs extravirgin olive oil, 1 ripe lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 4 small, tender zucchini, about 1 12 pounds look in organic section of produce counter, 3 tablespoons 3 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup half a bundle chopped fresh mint, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley leaves a couple of handfuls, Kosher salt and pepper, 3 vine ripe or small round red tomatoes, 2 orange or yellow tomatoes, 1 small sweet onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup 2 handfuls flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped], title: Israeli Spice Chicken, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 244: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by5by3inch loaf pan with butter. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Stir to blend.nUsing a mixer, cream the butter, ricotta and granulated sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. With the machine running, add the eggs 1 at a time. Add the vanilla, orange zest and amaretto until combined. Add the dry ingredients, a small amount at a time, until just incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick comes out clean and the cake pulls away from the sides of the pan, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. To wrap, return to the pan and dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Gemma Comas, ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more to grease the baking pan, 1 12 cups cake flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups wholemilk ricotta cheese, 1 12 cups plus 1 table spoon granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons amaretto Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Ricotta Orange Pound Cake, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 245: {instructions: Combine salad dressing mix, beer, mustard, vinegar and olive oil in a jar or container with a lid. Shake vigorously set aside.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add salt and 12 ounces cleaned green beans and blanch for 3 minutes. Strain and cool in an ice bath.nCombine potatoes, green beans, tomatoes, and bacon. Toss with dressing and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Italian salad dressing mix, 14 cup ale style beer, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons malt vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 1 12ounce bag frozen green beans, thawed recommended: C and W, 1 16ounce bag seasoned diced potatoes recommended: Resers, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, cut in 12, 14 cup real crumbled bacon], title: Potato and Green Bean Salad with Ale House Dressing, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 246: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Lightly rub the pineapple pieces with oil. Grill on all sides, about 2 minutes per side or until lightly caramelized with nice char marks. Remove from grill and set aside to cool slightly.nCut grilled pineapple into 12inch dice and add to a medium bowl. Add all remaining salsa ingredients, including the lime halves. These will lend the additional lime oils in the rinds to the mixture, making a more aromatic salsa. Set aside until ready to use.nWhile grill is still hot, rub each shark steak with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace steaks on grill across the grill ribs and cook for about 3 to 5 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of the steaks. Gently turn fish so it does not fall apart. Once the flesh has become opaque and firm to the touch, it is cooked through. Remove to a platter and spoon salsa over fish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium ripe pineapple, trimmed, cored, quartered lengthwise and cut again lengthwise, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 2 limes, juiced and lime halves reserved, 1 small red onion, minced, 12 bunch fresh mint, leaves finely chopped about 12 cup leaves, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped about 12 cup leaves, Couple pinches kosher salt, Superfine sugar, optional, 4 8ounce centercut mako shark fillets, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 20 grinds black pepper], title: Mako Shark with Grilled Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 247: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line baking sheets with foil.nMelt the butter in a saucepan. Add the lemon juice, salt, black pepper, cayenne and garlic, and stir. Set aside.nRinse and pat the chicken legs dry. With metal tongs, dip them one by one into the butter mixture and place on the prepared baking sheets.nOnce all of the chicken legs are coated and on the baking sheet, take a pastry brush and give them one last coating of the butter mixture.nPlace them into the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, basting a couple of times during roasting. If they need a bit more color, turn on the broiler for a couple minutes and watch them closely.nRemove them when they are nice and golden brown and fully cooked., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, Juice of 2 to 3 lemons, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 24 whole chicken legs], title: Spicy Roasted Chicken Legs, picturelink: hX2dZb54fCYLuojrH8DxLxWnsv4Bsg6}, 248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nScore the shrimp on the underside in three equally spaced horizontal cuts. Press firmly on the shrimp to straighten.nIn a soup pot, combine 4 cups water, the wine, bay leaf, lime juice and salt and bring to a simmer. Turn off the heat, add in the shrimp and cover until the shrimp are pink, about 4 minutes. Scoop out the shrimp and shock in ice water to stop the cooking. Then drain and dry. Reserve the poaching liquid, keeping it hot but not simmering.nAdd the vermicelli to the hot poaching liquid no need to simmer or boil the water because that may over cook the noodles. Cook until just al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain.nToss the carrots, cucumbers and red bell peppers with the rice wine vinegar and soy sauce.nDip each rice paper wrapper in warm water, one at a time, for a second no longer or they will get too soft. The wrapper should still feel somewhat hard when you first start working with it. By the time you finish getting all of your fillings in, the wrapper will have continued to soften. Layer the first one with 2 shrimp, a basil leaf, jalapeno slice, some vermicelli and vegetables. Gently wrap like a tiny burrito and cut on the sharp bias. Serve with Peanut Dipping Sauce.nAdd the peanut oil to a small saute pan over medium heat and add the garlic. Cook for 1 minute, and then turn off the heat. Then add the peanut butter, hoisin, sambel olek and 3 tablespoons water and mix together. You may need to add a little extra water if the mixture is too thick. Garnish with the chopped peanuts., ingredients: [16 shrimp 16 to 20 count, peeled and deveined, tails removed, 3 cups dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, Juice from 1 lime, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 ounces thin rice vermicelli, 1 cup shredded carrots, 12 English cucumber, peeled and julienned, 12 red bell pepper, thin julienne, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 8 large rice paper wrappers 8 12inch rounds, 1 jalapeno, cut into 18inch slices, 8 fresh Thai basil leaves, chiffonade, Peanut Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup peanut butter, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 to 2 teaspoons sambal olek, Chopped roasted peanuts, for garnish], title: Shrimp Spring Rolls, picturelink: 2iukuEhhS98ostJsM8typX7EChMVXrm}, 249: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFill a muffin tin with 12 cupcake liners and set aside.nCombine cocoa powder and water and mix until smooth. Fold in mayonnaise. Make sure cocoa mixture is not to hot to prevent breaking of mayonnaise. Add vanilla and whisk until smooth.nIn mixer, combine sugar, cake flour, baking soda and salt and mix slowly until well incorporated. Add wet cocoa mixture, mix on mediumhigh until well blended. Scrape down the sides and blend for 30 seconds.nFill the cupcake liners 34 way full of batter. Bake for 30 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Remove from oven and allow to cool on rack.nSlice each cupcake in half, horizontally, and serve the halves with chocolate mousse, whipped cream, and assorted candy toppings. Kids build the sandwiches by spreading one half of a cupcake with mousse or whipped cream, sprinkling on candy toppings and placing other half of cupcake on top.n13 ounces bitter or semisweet chocolaten2 tablespoons unsalted buttern2 large egg yolksn1 12 cups heavy creamn2 tablespoons superfine sugarn1 teaspoon vanilla extractnIn a microwave safe bowl, combine the chopped chocolate and the butter. Heat in the microwave until melted, about 35 seconds depending on your microwave, and stir to melt completely. Whisk in the egg yolks and set aside to cool.nPour the cream into a chilled bowl of a mixer and beat on medium speed until it starts to thicken. Add the sugar and vanilla and whisk until the cream starts to form stiff peaks. Carefully fold the whipped cream into the cooled chocolate mixture. Serve immediately or cover and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [13 cup cocoa powder, 1 cup warm water, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup superfine sugar, 2 cups cake flour, sifted, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 18 teaspoon salt, Easy Chocolate Mousse, recipe follows or chocolate frosting,, Whipped cream, Assorted candy pieces like chopped candy bars, chocolate chips, sprinkles], title: Chocolate Cupcake Sandwiches with Easy Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: 7mgp6rJGagTqxIiFj4vZ65JRlhsEqzG}, 250: {instructions: Peel the beets and grate them using a food processor fitted with the coarse shredding disk, or on the coarse side of a box grater. Set aside.nIn a bowl, combine the coconut, garlic, green chile, ground masala, and salt with about 14 cup water to form a moist ball. Set aside.nIn a large wok, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the mustard seeds and cover. When the seeds have popped toss in the dried red chiles and curry leaves. After the leaves crackle for a few seconds, put in the rice and stir for 5 seconds or until rice turns opaque white. Add the grated beets and stir thoroughly. Reduce the heat to medium, and cook, stirring occasionally until the beets become soft. Add the coconut mixture and continue cooking for another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and check the salt., ingredients: [4 medium beets, about 1 pound, 34 cup grated unsweetened coconut, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 fresh green chile, split lengthwise, 1 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 dried red chiles, 10 to 12 fresh curry leaves, 1 tablespoon uncooked long grain rice], title: Beets with Coconut, picturelink: null}, 251: {instructions: To marinate the pork roast, combine maple syrup, molasses, bourbon, chili sauce, and chili paste in a shallow dish and mix well. Brush the roast all over with the marinade and refrigerate it 8 hours or longer.nPreheat 1 side of a grill to high heat.nTo cook, sear the roast all over on a hot grill. Once it browns, move the meat to a cooler spot. Lower the heat and continue to cook, covered, at a lower temperature, until it is done, about 112 to 2 hours, depending on its size  the meat should register 150 to 155 degrees F in its thickest part.nTo serve, reheat the Country Ham Jus and divide it among serving plates. Place pork on plates and add a generous spoonful of Pawpaw Relish.nFor the country ham jus, combine the ham bones, 4 cups water, onion, celery, carrot, thyme, bay leaf, and pepper in a large stockpot. Simmer, uncovered, for 3 hours, or until liquid is reduced to 1 cup. Strain out the solids. Combine with demiglace in pot and cook until reduced to 1 12 cups. Add salt, to taste. Refrigerate.nMix all the ingredients together., ingredients: [14 cup maple syrup, 14 cup sorghum molasses recommended: Kentucky, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce such as Heinz, 1 12 teaspoons Asian garlic chili paste, One 8bone crown roast of pork, 5 to 7 pounds, with 14inch fat and bones Frenched, Country Ham Jus, recipe follows, Pawpaw Relish, recipe follows, 8 ounces country ham bones or smoked pork bones recommended: Kentucky brand, 4 cups water, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 rib celery, chopped, 1 small carrot, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 2 cups demiglace or very rich veal stock, 1 green tomato, diced, 1 mango, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 12 red onion, diced, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 14 cup pawpaw puree], title: BourbonMarinated Pork Roast with Country Ham Jus, picturelink: null}, 252: {instructions: Roll dough to 18inch thick. Cut dough into 2inch circles. Wrap and set aside. Boil potatoes in salted water until tender and drain. Place through ricer and fold in truffle butter and chives. Fold in lobster meat. Check seasoning.nTo assemble: Place a heaping teaspoon of the lobster mixture on half of each circle of dough. Fold the circles in half to make half moon shapes and crimp the edges to seal. Boil the pierogies in water until they float, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain. Saute until golden brown in butter.nPlace flour in bowl and form a well. Add remaining ingredients and mix by hand. Form in a ball, wrap and refrigerate for 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 recipe pierogie dough, recipe follows, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes peeled and quartered, 8 ounces black truffle butter, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 pound cleaned and diced lobster meat, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cups flour, 4 ounces sour cream, 2 ounces butter, softened, 1 egg, 1 tablespoons of chopped chives, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Lobster Pierogies, picturelink: PRO7iEuMGe8KL4lmV49cxIPBA.Dtfq}, 253: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9by13inch cake pan or baking dish.nFor the batter, place all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and blend until smooth. You can also use a blender. Pour half the batter about 1 34 cups into the prepared dish and bake for 10 minutes, until set.nMeanwhile, for the filling, whisk together the ricotta, mascarpone, eggs, and sugar in a large bowl. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice, vanilla, and salt and mix until thoroughly combined. Spread the cheese filling over the baked pancake. Carefully spoon the remaining pancake batter to cover the cheese.nReturn the pan to the oven and continue baking for 35 to 40 minutes, until the top is lightly golden and the filling is almost set. Remove from the oven and allow to stand 10 to 15 minutes. Cut the blintzes in squares and serve warm with the Fresh Blueberry Sauce.nCombine the orange juice, sugar, and cornstarch in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. When the mixture is translucent and thickened, stir in the blueberries and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes, just until a few berries have burst but most are still whole. Stir in the lemon zest and lemon juice and cool., ingredients: [1 14 cups milk, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 extralarge eggs, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 3 cups 24 ounces ricotta cheese, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, 2 extralarge eggs, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Fresh Blueberry Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice 3 oranges, 23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 halfpints fresh blueberries, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon freshlysqueezed lemon juice], title: Baked Blintzes with Fresh Blueberry Sauce, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 254: {instructions: For the chicken broth: Rinse the chicken and pat dry. Place all 8 pieces of chicken in a large heavy pot with 8 cups boiling water. Add the garlic, onion and salt. Bring to a boil again. Reduce to a simmer and cover. Cook for about 1 hour. Remove the chicken and set aside. Maintain a medium heat under the broth as youll use it again for this recipe.nFor the roasted vegetables: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the tomatoes, onion and garlic onto a parchmentlined baking sheet. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and roast until the skins are blistered and the vegetables softened, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven to cool. Once cooled, remove the foil and peel the garlic and the skins off the tomatoes.nFor the mole: In a large heavy saute pan heat 1 cup lard. Quick fry the chiles in the hot lard, being careful not to burn them or theyll become bitter. Add the chiles into the pot of chicken broth and simmer for 10 minutes.nIn the meantime, add 2 tablespoons lard to the saute pan and fry the roasted onions and garlic. Add the tortilla and bolillo and cook for 5 minutes. Add the peanuts, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, blanched almonds, raisins, oregano, cumin, thyme, coriander seeds, whole black peppercorns and cinnamon stick. Saute for 4 minutes and remove from the heat. Cool slightly. Remove the cinnamon stick and discard.nWorking in two batches, transfer half of the cooled nut and seed mixture into a largecapacity blender. Then transfer half of the simmered chiles, without the broth, into the blender. Add half of the roasted tomatoes and fresh tomatillos. Allow to cool before blending. Process until smooth. A paste will form. If the mixture is too dry, add 1 cup of reserved chicken broth at a time. Strain the mixture into a large mixing bowl. Then repeat with the remaining ingredients, processing until smooth and then strain.nClean the saute pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons lard. Pour in the strained mole sauce and cook for 2 minutes. Season with the salt, some pepper and the sugar. Add 1 12 cups of the reserved chicken broth and stir to combine. Add the Mexican chocolate and stir to melt. Simmer for 15 minutes, uncovered. Return the chicken to the saucepan with the mole and cook until the chicken is warmed through, an additional 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a large serving bowl or platter. Sprinkle with some sesame seeds and a couple pinches of sugar if desired. Drizzle the Mexican crema over the chicken mole and serve hot., ingredients: [One 8pound chicken cut into 8 pieces 2 breasts, 2 thighs, 2 wings, 2 legs, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 medium white onion, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 pound Roma tomatoes, halved, 12 large onion, halved, 14 head garlic, peel intact, wrapped in foil, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 cup plus 4 tablespoons lard, 4 ounces chile negro, seeded and deveined, 4 ounces guajillo chile, seeded and deveined, 1 stale tortilla, 14 bolillo roll, 34 cup unsalted peanuts, 34 cup pumpkin seeds, 34 cup sesame seeds, plus more for serving, 14 cup blanched almonds, 14 cup raisins, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 3 coriander seeds, 3 whole black peppercorns, 14 cinnamon stick, 4 ounces tomatillos, husked and halved, 2 tablespoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoon sugar, plus more for serving, optional, 1 12 disks Mexican chocolate, chopped, Mexican crema, for serving], title: Black Mole, picturelink: null}, 255: {instructions: Toss the strawberries with the confectioners sugar, liqueur, juices, and zest. Allow to marinate refrigerated for 30 minutes. Split the vanilla bean open with a knife and scrape out the seeds. Add the seeds to the whipping cream in an ice cold bowl and whip the cream to soft peaks just prior to serving. Serve one scoop of ice cream in a martini glass, spoon some marinated strawberries over the ice cream and serve with a dollop of whipped cream on top., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, washed and quartered, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 large orange, juice and zest reserved, 1 lemon, juice and zest reserved, 1 vanilla bean, 12 pint whipping cream, 1 pint premium vanilla ice cream], title: Orange Liqueur Marinated Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 256: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute onions until soft and translucent. Set onions aside to cool and wipe skillet clean. In a large mixing bowl combine the cooled onions with remaining meatball ingredients. Form the mixture into 1 12inch balls. Heat remaining oil in skillet over high heat. Brown the meatballs on all sides.nFor the pan sauce:nSet meatballs aside. Add the butter and mushrooms to the pan and saute until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the sherry and chicken stock, to deglaze the pan. Sprinkle in the instant flour and cook until sauce thickens. Add the halfandhalf, Worcestershire and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer, whisking often until thickened. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove pan from heat, add meatballs back to the pan. Bake in the oven for 25 minutes. Discard bay leaves. Serve meatballs with preserves., ingredients: [14 to 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, finely food processed, 10 ounces challah bread, food processed to crumbs about 3 12 cups, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons salt, 25 grinds freshly ground black pepper, 1 34 to 2 pounds ground turkey, 1 tablespoon butter, 10ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 13 cup mediumdry sherry, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup instant flour Recommended: Wondra, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tart berry preserves, such as cherry or cranberry], title: Swedish Turkey Meat Balls, picturelink: null}, 257: {instructions: For the cucumber yogurt sauce: Add the dill, olive oil, cayenne pepper, garlic, yogurt, cucumber and lemon juice to a medium bowl and combine. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the grilled tilapia: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the fish evenly with the salt and pepper. Oil the grill grates with a clean tea towel. Grill the tilapia 4 minutes, then flip and cook the second side, 4 to 5 minutes longer. Transfer to a platter. Top each fillet tableside with the cucumber yogurt sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 16ounce container lowfat Greek yogurt, 12 medium European cucumber, finely diced, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 8ounce tilapia fillets, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for grill], title: Grilled Tilapia with Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: Uan6CTjfQPA7YzXkpkUNhe44ZbdfAua}, 258: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a food processor pulse biscuits or crackers until finely ground. Melt butter and in a large bowl stir together with crumbs, coconut, and salt until combined. Firmly press crumb mixture evenly onto bottom of a 9inch square baking pan and bake in middle of oven to until golden, about 15 minutes. Cool crust completely in pan on a rack. Chop chocolate. In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water melt chocolate, stirring until smooth. Remove top of double boiler or bowl from heat and cool chocolate 15 minutes. In a small bowl lightly beat yolks. In a saucepan heat cream over moderate heat until it just boils and whisk 12 cup into yolks, whisking constantly. Add mixture to remaining cream and cook over moderate heat, whisking, until an instant read thermometer registers 160 degrees. Whisk custard into chocolate until just smooth and pour evenly over crust, smoothing top with a small metal offset spatula or rubber spatula. Chill confection, covered, at least 4 hours, or until firm. With a sharp knife cut confection into 36 squares. Squares keep, layered between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container and chilled, 1 week. Using star shapes cut out of parchment paper as a stencil, dust squares with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [13 small 2inch wheatmeal biscuits such as Carrs or 10 5 by 2 12inch graham crackers, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups sweetened flaked coconut, Pinch of salt, 12 ounces fine quality bittersweet chocolate not sweetened, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup heavy cream, Confectioners sugar for dusting], title: Chocolate Coconut Squares, picturelink: null}, 259: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill with a high fire.nFor the compote: Toast the pine nuts in the olive oil in a skillet over high heat, swirling the pan, until the nuts are golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer the nuts to a dish with a slotted spoon and set aside, leaving the oil behind in the pan. Add the onion, fennel, garlic, lemon peel, 1 1u00bf4 teaspoons salt, fennel seeds, saffron, and black pepper to taste and cook until the onion and fennel are slightly wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the raisins and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture browns and softens, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1u00bf4 cup water, pine nuts, and parsley. Cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid reduces and compote thickens, about 1 minute more. Set aside.nFor the fish: Brush fish with oil and sprinkle with the cayenne and salt to taste. Lay the fish on the grill and leave it until you can see distinct grill marks and can lift the fish without its sticking, about 2 minutes. Test by gently lifting a corner if it sticks, cook a bit longer. When it lifts cleanly, rotate about 45 degrees from the original position dont turn it over. Cook about another 2 minutes, until grill marks appear. Flip the fish and repeat this process for marking the fish on the other side, another 3 to 4 minutes.nCut the tomato into thick slices, season with salt and black pepper to taste, and divide among 4 plates. Place the fish on top of the tomato slices, spoon some compote over, and finish with a wedge of lemon., ingredients: [13 cup pine nuts, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, halved and sliced, 1 fennel bulb, cored and sliced, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 large strips lemon peel, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, Pinch saffron threads, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 8ounce swordfish steaks about 1inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 large ripe yellow or red tomato, Freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Swordfish with FennelSaffron Compote, picturelink: null}, 260: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 large bricks wrapped twice in aluminum foilnHeat grill to high heat. Brush squid with oil on both sides and season with salt and white pepper. Place the squid on the grill close together and lay the bricks over the squid. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on 1 side, remove bricks, turn the squid over and place the bricks back on the squid and continue grilling for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the squid from the grill, place on a platter and immediately drizzle with the TamarindMint Dressing. Garnish with chopped mint.nTamarindMint Dressing:nCombine tamarind, vinegar, orange juice, mint, mustard and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Adjust seasoning., ingredients: [1 12 pounds squid bodies, cleaned, Peanut oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, TamarindMint Dressing, recipe follows, Chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons tamarind paste, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup peanut oil], title: Brick Grilled Baby Squid with TamarindMint Dressing, picturelink: null}, 261: {instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together in the bowl of an electric mixer. Cut in the soft butter with the paddle attachment until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add enough of the buttermilk to bring the dough together. Turn over on counter, divide in half or quarter, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Roll into paper thin sheets with a rolling pin or with a pasta machine. Sprinkle with kosher salt and pepper, and bake on baking sheet lined with parchment paper at 300 degrees in convection oven for about 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [9 ounces allpurpose flour, 9 ounces whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 1 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 ounces sugar, 4 ounces butter, cubed and softened, 1 cup buttermilk], title: Cumin Lavosh, picturelink: null}, 262: {instructions: Heat a griddle or cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat.nCombine the meat, chile pepper, garlic, rosemary, parsley, salt, pepper, and a little extravirgin olive oil. Form into 6 thin patties. Drizzle the patties with a little more oil and fry on the hot griddle for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove from the heat.nLightly butter the bread. Build the patty melts, layering the bread buttered sides facing out with 1 slice of cheese, a few leaves of arugula, the patty, a second slice of cheese, and finally another slice of bread. Cook the patties on the griddle to melt the cheese, 2 minutes on each side. Cut the patty melts from corner to corner and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds ground sirloin, 1 to 2 Fresno chile peppers, seeded depending on heat tolerance, and finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 small sprigs rosemary, finely chopped, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Softened butter, 12 slices good quality white or Italian bread, A couple handfuls arugula or baby spinach leaves, 12 slices sharp delisliced provolone], title: Garlicky Patty Melts with Provolone, picturelink: pwXPASU43tWlDileaS54NzHCRzsGhrG}, 263: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the sauce: Over medium heat in a saucepan, bring cauliflower, water to cover, salt and white pepper to a simmer. Reduce the heat and allow to cook until soft, for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain and puree until smooth. After pureeing, add the Parmesan and heavy cream as needed and puree again.nFor the vegetables: In a saute pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to heat until on the verge of smoking. Then reduce the heat to medium and add the squash, zucchini, salt and black pepper. Cook, stirring until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the thyme.nFor the pizza: Place the flatbreads on a cookie sheet and spread the sauce on top, evenly coating from edge to edge. Add half the zucchini, squash, corn, broccoli and top with shredded Parmesan. Once built, repeat the process with the second pizza. Bake until crisp, 7 to 8 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the oven and top with the green onions. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 cups cauliflower florets, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, Heavy cream, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup yellow squash cut in 14inch halfmoons, 1 cup zucchini cut in 14inch halfmoons, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 storebought whole wheat flatbreads, 1 cup cooked corn kernels, 1 cup steamed broccoli florets, 2 cups reducedfat shredded Parmesan, 14 cup green onions, thinly sliced], title: Vegetable Pizza, picturelink: null}, 264: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Mix kasha with the egg until grains are thoroughly coated. Heat oil in a sauce pan. Add onions and cook until they begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add white wine vinegar and water, cover and cook until onions are tender, about 8 minutes. Uncover and evaporate liquid over high heat continue to cook until onions are golden. Meanwhile bring chicken broth to a boil. Add pasta to the boiling water. Stir sugar into onions, then add kasha and saute, over low heat until kasha is tender, about 5 minutes to 8 minutes adjust seasoning. Toss bow tie pasta with chicken broth. Serve kasha over bow tie pasta and serve with dill., ingredients: [3 cups farfalle or bow tie pasta, 1 cup medium roasted buckwheat groats, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetables oil, 1 onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar and 2 tab water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 34 cups chicken broth, Minced dill and dill fronds], title: Bowtie Pasta and Kasha, picturelink: null}, 265: {instructions: Pulse the frozen spinach, baby spinach,sour cream, mayonnaise, parmesan, scallions, chives, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce in a food processor until combined season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the dip to a serving bowl and stir in the radishes. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Serve with vegetable sticks.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 cups chopped baby spinach about 1 ounce, 1 cup sour cream, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 bunch scallions white and light green parts only, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup diced radishes, Vegetable sticks, for serving], title: Cold Spinach Dip with Radishes, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 266: {instructions: Special equipment: A smoker whiskey, hickory or applewood chipsnSoak the wood chips in water for 30 minutes, then transfer to the smoker. Smoke the pork for 2 hours according to the manufacturers instructions. Combine the brown sugar, chili sauce, molasses, soy sauce, vinegar, ginger and garlic in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper and whisk until combined. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F 150 degrees C. Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper. Heat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and sear the pork on all sides. Pour half the molasses mixture over the pork. Cover and cook in the oven until the meat is so tender it falls off the bone, about 6 hours. Let rest for 30 minutes. Remove the pork from the skillet and use a fork to pull and shred the meat it will come off in threads. Set aside. Skim the fat from the surface of the braising liquid. Pour the remaining molasses mixture into the skillet and cook over mediumhigh heat until thickened, about 5 minutes. Pile the pork, cheese, a drizzle of the sauce, some kimchi and more cheese between the bread slices to make 4 sandwiches. Grill in a panini press. Cooks Note: If you dont have a smoker, you can skip that step or smoke the pork in a covered grill.nDissolve the salt in 12 cups 3 liters cold water. Add the cabbage and refrigerate for 4 hours. Rinse the cabbage thoroughly under cold running water at least 3 times. Pat dry. Bring 1 12 cups 375ml water to a simmer in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and whisk for 3 minutes. Add the sugar and continue to cook, whisking, for 1 minute more. Pulse the red pepper powder, garlic, ginger, lemongrass and onion in a food processor. Add the flour mixture and pulse to combine. Set the kimchi paste aside. Combine the brined cabbage, chives, fish sauce, soy sauce, scallions and cucumbers in a large bowl. Stir in the kimchi paste. Refrigerate until ready to use. You can eat it fresh, right after making it, or wait 24 hours until it has fermented. Yield: About 8 cups 2 liters., ingredients: [5 pounds pork shoulder, 1 cup250 ml brown sugar, 1 cup250 ml sweet chili sauce, 1 cup250 ml molasses, 12 cup125ml soy sauce, 12 cup125ml rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons30ml minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups500ml grated mozzarella, Chucks Kimchi, recipe follows, for serving, 8 thick slices egg bread, 14 cup60ml salt, 1 large napa cabbage, cut into big chunks, 14 cup60ml rice flour or allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30ml sugar, 12 cup125ml red pepper powder, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 1inch piece 2 12cm fresh ginger, peeled, 1 stalk lemongrass, tough parts discarded and inner stalk minced, 1 onion, chopped, 14 cup60ml chopped fresh chives, 14 cup60ml fish sauce, 2 tablespoons30ml soy sauce, 5 scallions, minced, 2 to 3 large cucumbers, cubed], title: Pulled Pork and Kimchi Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 267: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12cup standard muffin tin or two 24cup minimuffin tins, cupcake linersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin or two 24cup minimuffin tins with cupcake liners.nCombine the butter, cocoa, coffee and 1 cup water in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high until the butter melts, about 1 minute. Whisk to combine.nMeanwhile, whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In a small bowl, beat the sour cream, vanilla and eggs. Whisk the hot cocoa mixture into the dry ingredients. Then stir in the sour cream mixture just to combine dont overmix.nDivide the batter evenly in the prepared muffin tin, filling each cup about threequarters full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes for standard cupcakes or 16 to 18 minutes for minis.nCool the cupcakes in the tin on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove from the tin and cool on the rack completely. Decorate as desired., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa, 13 cup freshly brewed coffee, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature], title: GoTo Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 268: {instructions: Cut the corn off the ears. Slice chiles and chop. Slice and cube the zucchini. In a hot skillet heat olive oil. As soon as you see a small stream of smoke from the skillet, add corn, chiles, and zucchini. Saute the vegetables until tender, but still al dente. Add the butter and garlic and toss to combine. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [6 ears white corn, 4 fresh green chiles, 3 medium green zucchini squash, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, crushed, Salt], title: Corn, Squash and Chile Traditional Side Dish, picturelink: null}, 269: {instructions: In a 12inch pan, heat the olive oil over high heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until golden, about 5 minutes.nFor the tomatillo and orange tomato sauce:nIn a food processor, pulse ingredients for tomatillo sauce for 15 seconds. Do the same for the orange tomato sauce.nFor the tortilla chips:nCut the tortillas in half and cut each half into 4 triangles. Deepfry in hot oil until golden crispy. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt while hot.nAdd the salt, pepper, cumin and sauces to the pan. When sauce is hot, add the chips and the eggs and stir. Add the cheese just before serving. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 medium onion, chopped, 6 ounces tomatillo sauce, recipe follows, 6 ounces orange tomato sauce, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Ground cumin, to taste, Tortilla chips, recipe follows, 3 eggs, 2 ounces grated Parmesan, 2 ounces grated mozzarella, Fresh cilantro, chopped, for garnish, 1 pound tomatillos, 4 cloves garlic, 3 Serrano chilies, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, 14 yellow onion, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ripe Roma tomato, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oregano, to taste, Sugar, to taste, Jalapenos in vinegar, to taste, 2 flour tortillas, Salt], title: Chilaquiles Cha Cha Cha, picturelink: tQfEEgRzohFqPg5sqaAwNd2vwNCC}, 270: {instructions: DescriptionnSpring is custommade for this dish of stuffed cornbread, creamy lemon cayenne sauce, tomato, shrimp, avocado, and corn.nPairingnThe light, citrus flavors in Blue Moonu00ae Spring Blonde Wheat Ale lend a delightful splash of sunshine to seafood dishes.nCut corn bread into 2 x 3 rectangles and cut each rectangle in half. Put on a baking dish and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the sauce, saute onion in a thin layer of oil until translucent. Add lemon juice, corn, tomatoes, and cayenne. Immediately add heavy cream, reduce the volume by half until sauce is thick. Add shrimp and simmer until shrimp are fully cooked.nWarm corn bread in the oven for 2 to 3 minutes. Put in four bowls and top with shrimp mix, then top with more corn bread and more shrimp mix.nGarnish with lemon slices, parsley and avocado slices., ingredients: [1 pan corn bread bought or made to specs on box, 12 red onion, diced, 2 oz. lemon juice, 2 cups corn, 8 Roma tomatoes, diced medium, 2 tsp. cayenne, 16 oz. heavy whipping cream, 1 lb. shrimp, peeled and deveined 2630 count, 1 avocado, sliced, 1 oz. parsley, chopped, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Blue Moonandreg Shrimp and Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 271: {instructions: Make the lemon syrup: Bring the lemon zest, 1 12 cups sugar and 1 12 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring, until the sugar dissolves let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, make the strawberry syrup: Toss the strawberries and the remaining 12 cup sugar in a bowl and let sit at room temperature until the sugar dissolves, about 45 minutes. Strain the strawberry mixture reserve the strawberry syrup and berries separately.nMake the lemonade: Combine the lemon juice, lemon syrup, salt and 2 cups cold water in a pitcher. For each drink, put about 1 tablespoon of the strawberry syrup in a tall glass. Fill with ice, then top with the lemonade and some of the reserved strawberries.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Zest of 1 lemon, in wide strips, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups chopped hulled strawberries, 2 cups fresh lemon juice from about 10 large lemons, 14 teaspoon salt], title: AlmostFamous Strawberry Lemonade, picturelink: 3X4.c4BW3mYEH5676KNP6roU6DoGyMa}, 272: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot combine the wheat berries and enough water to come 2 inches over the wheat berries. Bring to a boil and cook uncovered for 1 hour, or until tender. Drain and let cool. Toast the walnuts in a medium dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a large bowl, combine the wheat berries, walnuts, celery, dried cherries, scallions, parsley, olive oil and lemon juice. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 cups hard wheat berries, 34 cup chopped walnuts, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 12 cup tart dried cherries, chopped, 1 scallion, white and green parts, chopped, 12 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wheat Berry Salad, picturelink: O3MDLw7kzVA1AvaOlm.xI6J7ijPg0oy}, 273: {instructions: Add broth, sundried tomatoes, and butter to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir in contents of stuffing mix pouch. Cover saucepan and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Fluff stuffing with fork. Let stuffing cool completely.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nLay steak flat on clean work surface and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover steak evenly with stuffing. Roll up steak lengthwise to create a pinwheel effect, enclosing stuffing completely. Skewer seam with toothpicks. Place the steak roll, seam side down, on a foilcovered cookie sheet. Sprinkle roll with salt and pepper. Roast until steak is golden brown and cooked through, about 40 minutes.nWhile steak is cooking, transfer potatoes from package into a medium saucepan. Add butter, milk, and rosemary, and warm over mediumlow until completely heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 23 cups canned beef broth, 34 cup readytouse sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, 14 cup butter, 1 6.6ounce package stuffing mix, 1 1 14pound skirt steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Rosemary Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 1 11ounce package refrigerated prepared mashed potatoes, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 14 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steak Pinwheels with SunDried Tomato Stuffing and Rosemary Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 274: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel and core the apples. Mix the walnuts and sultanas in a small bowl. Arrange the apples on a baking dish, and fill the cavities with the walnut mixture. Dissolve the sugar in the water in a small bowl and pour it over the apples. Bake until the apples are soft but not soggy, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the apples from the oven and arrange them on serving plates. Serve at room temperature or cold garnished with whipped cream., ingredients: [6 cooking apples, 2 cups finely chopped walnuts, 12 cup sultanas or raisins, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped], title: Poached Apple Tufahia, picturelink: null}, 275: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour a 9 inch square baking pan.nIn a large bowl, beat together the eggs and sugar until creamy. Stir in the vegetable oil until well combined. Add the grated carrots, orange juice and walnuts and mix well. Add the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg and stir until just combined. Pour into prepared baking pan and bake for 25  30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.nAllow cake to cool and then frost, ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups grated carrot, about 34 carrots, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 14 cup flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg], title: Carrot Cake, picturelink: null}, 276: {instructions: In a large pot, heat a gallon of water to a simmer. In a large bowl, break up the mozzarella curd into small pieces. Coat the curd with 1 tablespoon salt, and set aside. In another large bowl, add remaining salt to the second gallon of water along with as much ice as it can hold.nThis is where it gets a little tricky. Carefully pour the hot water over the salted curd. As the curds begin to melt, carefully stir with a wooden spoon or spatula for 1 minute. Submerge both of your hands in the ice water for as long as you can stand it, because youre about to stretch the mozzarella in hot water. To protect your hands, you may wear rubber gloves if desired.nThe curd will have settled into the bottom of the bowl, and at this point you have to work quickly or risk overcooking the curd and it becoming rubbery. Dip your hands into the hot water and begin stretching the mozzarella. By stretching the cheese, you insure that all the curds have completely melted. Form the mozzarella into tomato size balls, and then drop the mozzarella into the ice water to set.nSlice the mozzarella in 14inch slices. On a serving platter, arrange mozzarella and tomato slices, alternating and overlapping a bit. Top with basil. Drizzle with olive oil season salt and pepper.nWrap remaining mozzarella balls tightly in plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator for up to a week., ingredients: [2 gallons water, divided, 2 pounds whole milk mozzarella curd available at specialty Italian markets, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, divided, plus more for serving, Roma tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Fresh basil, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Caprese Salad with Homemade Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 277: {instructions: Blend the cream cheese, butter and flour until well mixed. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the dough into a 14inch thick square. Cut the rolled dough into 16 to 20 squares.nA little off center of each square, place 1 tablespoon guava paste. Fold the dough over the guava paste, forming a triangle. Press the edges shut. Place the pasteles onto a cookie sheet and sprinkle them with a thin layer of sugar.nBake until the pasteles are evenly browned, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound cream cheese, 1 pound butter, softened, 1 pound flour, 1 12 pounds guava paste, Sugar, for sprinkling], title: Pasteles de Guayaba: Guava Pastries, picturelink: null}, 278: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and drizzle with canola oil. Place 1 tortilla in the skillet to warm. Sprinkle over half the cheese. Spread half the chicken mixture over the cheese and top with a second tortilla. Cook 3 minutes. Flip it over and cook until the bottom is browned and the cheese is melted, another 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat for the second quesadilla. Slice and serve with the remoulade and top with cilantro, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 large flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, divided, Reserved 1 12 cups Chicken Jambalaya, Reserved 12 cup remoulade from Cajun Catfish Cakes with Remoulade, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, optional], title: Round 2 Recipe  Cajun Quesadillas, picturelink: eTbAJn1lPxFCausCFy8DUMtJJRl4uC}, 279: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Line a large roasting pan with the sliced fennel. Make 3 3inch long incisions on each side of the fish. Coat fish with olive oil and insert a slice of fennel into each incision. Place fish over fennel in the roasting pan. Surround and cover the fish with all remaining ingredients, including the herb stems and entire heads of garlic. Pour 1 cup water into the roasting pan around the fish. Broil for 30 minutes or until flesh is cooked through and flaky. Serve., ingredients: [4 fennel bulbs, sliced, 1 whole sea bass, cleaned and scaled about 4 pounds, 14 cup olive oil 3 heads garlic, sliced in 12, 5 medium zucchini, sliced into 12inch rounds, 2 bunches fresh oregano about 4 ounces, 1 bunch fresh thyme about 2 ounces, 1 bunch fresh dill about 2 ounces, 5 medium tomatillos, cut in 12, 12 cup green olives], title: Fennel and Herb Roasted Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 280: {instructions: Place onion, eggs, salt, and pepper in a large bowl, and beat until the eggs are frothy.nLay out 4 squares of paper towel on your counter. One at a time, run the matzos under cold water for about 15 seconds on each side if you break a square, discard it, and start again, and place them side by side on the paper toweling.nCarefully place a matzo square in a shallow dish with sides at least 1 inch high. Spread 14 of the onionegg mixtures on top of it. Pile the other matzos on top, spreading each square with 14 of the onionegg mixtures. Let sit for 5 minutes.nHeat a thin layer of oil in a large skillet. Fry the matzos, one at a time, until well browned on each side. Drain on paper towels., ingredients: [34 cup very, very finely chopped onion, almost grated use a food processor, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4 squares plain unsalted matzo, Corn oil], title: Gleist Matzos, picturelink: null}, 281: {instructions: Saute the chicken until it is golden brown. Add salt, pepper, jalapenos and white wine and simmer for 10 minutes. Or until chicken is cooked through., ingredients: [1 whole chicken cut into 8 pieces, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, Jalapenos, to taste, White wine, to taste], title: Gordons Napam Chicken, picturelink: null}, 282: {instructions: Make the beans: Heat a medium nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook, breaking up the meat, until golden, about 6 minutes. Remove the chorizo to a plate lined with paper towels using a slotted spoon. Add the onion to the pan with the chorizo fat. Saute until the onion is translucent, about 4 minutes. Return the chorizo to the pan. Add the refried beans to the mixture. Continue cooking about 5 minutes turn off the heat. Cover and keep warm.nMake the burritos: Heat the olive oil in a large heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the cauliflower and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the oregano. Turn off the heat and set aside.nHeat a large heavy griddle over medium heat. Working in batches, heat the tortillas one at a time until they are soft and pliable, about 1 minute per side. Add 14 cup warm beans to the center of a tortilla, spreading it outward to the sides. Add 2 to 3 heaping tablespoons of the cauliflower mixture and 2 tablespoons of cheese. Fold in the edges and roll up to form a burrito. Return to the griddle until the cheese melts, about 10 seconds. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 ounces raw pork chorizo casing removed, 12 small white onion, finely chopped, 1 15ounce can refried pinto beans, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 1 head cauliflower, florets finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 8 9inch flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded Oaxaca or monterey jack cheese], title: CauliflowerChorizo Burritos, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 283: {instructions: Heat a comal or cast iron skillet over a medium high heat. Toast the chiles, turning them constantly so they dont burn, 30 to 60 seconds. Let them cool and remove their stems. Crumble them with their seeds and veins.nToast the tomatoes and garlic until slightly charred. Let them cool. In a blender combine the chiles, garlic, tomatoes, salt, and water and blend until you have a rough sauce. Pieces of the chiles should be visible. Transfer salsa to a bowl and stir in the cilantro., ingredients: [2 chiles cascabel, 2 chiles moritas, 2 chiles de arbol, 1 chile chipotle, 1 chile guajillo, 2 large tomatoes, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste, 12 cup cold water, 12 bunch chopped cilantro leaves], title: Salsa de Muchos Chiles, picturelink: null}, 284: {instructions: Combine the yogurt and evaporated milk in a blender. Add all the remaining ingredients. Blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat peach yogurt, 12 cup lowfat evaporated milk, 1 cup frozen unsweetened chopped or sliced peaches, 12 cup peach sorbet, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of ground allspice], title: Peach Pizzazz, picturelink: null}, 285: {instructions: In saucepan, heat olive oil over mediumhigh. Add shallots and saute until translucent, stirring occasionally. Add garlic and ginger and saute 30 seconds longer. Stir in remaining ingredients and bring to boil. Reduce heat to maintain slow boil and cook until cranberries begin to pop, about 10 minutes. Cool., ingredients: [2 Tbs. STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 23 cup coarsely chopped shallots, 2 tsp. each minced garlic and fresh ginger, 1 12 oz. bag fresh or frozen and thawed cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 14 cup STAR Seasoned Rice Vinegar, 12 tsp. each salt and pepper], title: Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: Fcxb7jzr8XQwnA1qFM2KfWS6ooIB.}, 286: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 287: {instructions: For the crazy blue cheese dressing:nCombine all, hand blend to consistency. Add milk if needed.nPreheat oven to 350 to 375 degrees F.nDice celery and onions and saute with butter. Add hot sauce, to taste, and bread crumbs to right consistency. No need to cool prior to stuffing.nDice chicken and add to above mixture.nStuff and tie tenderloin. Coat with pepper and salt and oil. Sear in saute pan. Put in oven and cook until desired temperature. Slice and plate with blue cheese sauce., ingredients: [4 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 1 pint mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 9 ounces milk, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allspice cafe cayenne habanero hot sauce, 8 celery stalks, 2 large onions, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, Hot sauce recommended: Franks, 1 to 2 cups bread crumbs, 4 chicken breasts, pounded out, 4 pound butterflied pork tenderloin, Olive oil, enough to coat the chicken and tenderloin, Blue cheese finishing sauce], title: Tenderloin for Wings in a Pigskin, picturelink: null}, 288: {instructions: Prepare 2 small saucepans over low heat. To the first, add the mirin and 3 teaspoons of ginger and simmer until the mixture is about 34 reduced and is a dark caramel color. To the second, add the chicken stock and reduce by about 12. Slowly pour the mirin mixture into the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Add the soy sauce and pineapple juice and reduce again by 14. Let the mixture cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, ginger, garlic, salt and pepper. When well mixed, form the beef into four 6ounce patties. Brush all sides of the burgers with the teriyaki sauce and place in either a hot grill or 450 degree oven. Continue brushing with the teriyaki as the burger cooks until the desired doneness is achieved.nUsing a food processor, combine the garlic, anchovies, pepper, and hot pepper sauce. Blend in the rice vinegar, and egg yolk. With the processor running, slowly drizzle The oils until a consistency of thin mayonnaise is reached. Refrigerate until ready for use.nUsing a mandoline, cut the potatoes into matchsized sticks. Fill a fryer or medium heavy pot onethird full with the oil and heat over high heat to 350 degrees. Add the potatoes to the oil and fry until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with the salt.nPlating: Cut the bread into 8 slices and toast on a grill or under a broiler. Top one side of the bread with the lettuce and tomato and place the burger on top. Place a mound of the salad next to the burger and arrange a handful of the potatoes on top of the salad., ingredients: [1 bottle mirin, 3 teaspoons fresh ginger, chopped, plus 1 tablespoon minced, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 6ounce can pineapple juice, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 4 leaves red leaf lettuce, 4 tomato slices, Crusty sourdough bread, toasted, 1 clove garlic, 5 anchovy fillets, 12 cup Parmesan, shredded, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 12 cup rice vinegar, 4 splashes hot pepper sauce, 1 egg yolk, 1 12 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 4 cups Romaine lettuce, chopped, 3 large waxy potatoes, like Yukon gold, washed, Canola oil, for deepfrying, Salt], title: Teriyaki Burger with Caesar Salad and Shoestring Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 289: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason chicken with salt, pepper, and oregano. In ovenproof skillet, heat olive oil and brown chicken pieces on all sides. Remove chicken from pan and set aside.nReduce heat, add onion and garlic, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the bay leaves, wine, tequila, and olives. Return chicken to the pan, cover, and cook in the oven until tender and browned, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove and serve., ingredients: [1 4pound frying chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced thickly, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup tequila, 1 cup Spanish olives, drained], title: Pollo Borracho, picturelink: MIbb.qr.ikPzOptyOBd8d0BpV.DmdmK}, 290: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Waffle ironnFor the chicken: In a small bowl, mix together 1 34 teaspoons salt, zest and paprika. Sprinkle the breasts evenly with the mixture on all sides, rubbing the mixture into the chicken gently. Place in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Poke a few holes in the top so that air can circulate around the chicken. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.nRemove the chicken from the refrigerator and allow to sit at room temperature for 20 minutes.nHeat a 10inch, straightsided skillet over medium heat. Add the oil so it comes 1 inch up the side. Heat the oil until it reaches 325 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nIn a shallow bowl or pie plate, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, remaining salt and the black pepper. Dredge each breast in the dry mixture, making sure each piece is covered well with the mixture. Place each piece of chicken in the hot oil, letting it fall away from you, as to not splash yourself with hot oil. Fry the chicken for 10 minutes on the first side. Gently flip each piece of chicken and continue cooking on the other side until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 more minutes. Remove the chicken from the oil and allow it to drain for 5 minutes on a papertowellined plate.nFor the waffles: Preheat a standard waffle iron. With a whisk, mix together the waffle mix, 1 12 cups water, the vegetable oil and cinnamon until smooth. Lightly spray the waffle iron with nonstick cooking spray. Ladle approximately 34 cup of the batter into the iron and cook until the waffle is golden brown and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the waffle to a plate and repeat with remaining batter.nServe the chicken and waffles hot, with maple syrup and butter., ingredients: [2 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest from 1 large lemon, 14 teaspoon sweet paprika, 2 pounds bonein chicken breasts about 4 small breasts, 4 cups vegetable oil, 13 cup instant flour, such as Wondra, 14 cup finely ground cornmeal, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups waffle mix, such as Krusteaz, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Nonstick cooking spray, Maple syrup, to serve, Butter, to serve], title: Fried Chicken and Waffles, picturelink: CnDGJCFrYSBdu9c2MTSNNRXxeXnqy}, 291: {instructions: Heat a braiser or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the oil and bacon cook until the bacon is golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate, using a slotted spoon.nTurn the heat up to mediumhigh. Pat the chicken pieces dry with paper towels, and sprinkle all over with the salt. Add the chicken, skinside down, to the pan and cook until golden brown and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Flip and brown on the reverse side, an additional 5 minutes. Remove the chicken to the plate with the bacon.nAdd the onions, carrots, garlic and chiles to the pan, and cook an additional 3 minutes, stirring often. Add the allspice and pimenton cook another 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant and deepened in color, 2 minutes more. Deglaze the pan with the red wine and simmer for 5 minutes to reduce slightly. Add the chicken broth and then whisk in the chopped chocolate. Nestle in the browned chicken pieces, skinside down, and sprinkle with the bacon. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 35 minutes, turning the chicken pieces halfway through.nRemove the chicken to a platter to rest. Meanwhile, whisk the butter and agave nectar into the sauce. Stir in the peas, then spoon the stew over the chicken pieces., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces bacon, diced, One 3pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 onion, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 serrano chile, stemmed and halved, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon pimenton smoked paprika, 1 12 cups red wine, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 ounces baking chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons agave nectar, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed], title: Spicy Chocolate Chicken, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 292: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a nonstick mini muffin tin with olive oil cooking spray. Press half of the bread crumb mixture evenly into each of the mini muffin cups reserve the other half. Add 1 mozzarella piece to each muffin cup and cover with remaining bread crumb mixture. Make sure that the cheese is completely buried in the bread crumb mixture. Cook for 10 minutes or until top layer of bread crumbs is crunchy and cheese is soft. Remove tin from oven and allow to cool in tin for 5 minutes. Remove from tin with a teaspoon. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 short sprays olive oil cooking spray, 1 cup Italianseasoned bread crumbs, 8 ounces lowmoisture partskim mozzarella, cut into 12 pieces], title: Crunchy Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 293: {instructions: Pulse the cranberries and 14 cup sugar in a food processor until chunky and juicy, about 8 times. Set aside for 20 minutes to macerate.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining 12 cup sugar, 1 12 cups pomegranate juice, the cinnamon stick, peppercorns, orange peel and a pinch of salt in a saucepan over medium heat simmer, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat let steep for 20 minutes. Discard the cinnamon, peppercorns and orange peel.nPlace the remaining 12 cup pomegranate juice and 14 cup cold water in a bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Set aside without stirring until the gelatin softens, about 5 minutes. Add the steeped pomegranate juice to the gelatin mixture and stir until the gelatin dissolves.nSpread a thin layer of the cranberry mixture in a 9by5inch loaf pan pour in enough of the pomegranategelatin mixture to cover about 34 cup. Refrigerate until just beginning to set, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, stir the remaining cranberries into the remaining gelatin mixture and set aside, unrefrigerated. Once the bottom layer is set, pour in the remaining gelatin mixture and refrigerate until completely set, at least 2 hours or overnight.nTo serve, run a knife around the edges of the pan and invert the terrine onto a platter. Set the pan in warm water to soften the gelatin if necessary. Garnish with the orange zest.nPhotograph by Anita Calero, ingredients: [1 8ounce bag fresh cranberries, 34 cup sugar, 2 cups pure pomegranate juice, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 whole black peppercorns, 2 large strips orange peel, white pith removed, plus strips of zest for garnish, Salt, 3 packets 6 teaspoons unflavored gelatin], title: Cranberry Pomegranate Terrine, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 294: {instructions: The milk needs to be very cold so place it in the freezer to chill about 15 minutes before using.nDrizzle the chocolate syrup into a glass. Pour the milk into the glass and fill with seltzer. A siphon bottle for dispensing seltzer works best. If a siphon bottle is not available, add seltzer to milk while stirring with a long narrow spoon rapidly, slowing as the glass fills. This action to the seltzer will create the foam head you need for a great egg cream.nChefs Note: The glass is a KEY part to the ideal Egg Cream. Utilize a SODA glass like a CocaCola glass that is narrow on the bottom and flares out on the top., ingredients: [2 12 ounces whole milk, 8 ounces seltzer, 1ounce chocolate syrup recommended: Foxs UBet], title: Egg Creams, picturelink: null}, 295: {instructions: Preheat the deep fat fryer, a stovetop fryer or high sided pot with the recommended amount of oil to 360 degrees. Combine the flour and paprika evenly in a flour sifter and sift into a large bowl. Add the thinly sliced onions to the flour and toss and shake well to coat the onions evenly in seasoned flour. Put the onions into a strainer and shake off any excess flour so that what remains is the thinnest coat possible. Cooking in small batches, put the coated onions in a fryer basket and carefully submerge in the hot oil. Shake the basket to insure even frying and remove from the fryer when the onions have cooked to a deep golden, but not dark brown, color. Continue in this manner until all the onions have been cooked. Season each batch with salt as its removed from the fryer. Drain on paper toweling., ingredients: [1 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons hot Hungarian paprika, 4 vidalia onions, sliced paper thin on an electric slicer or vegetable slicer, Salt to taste, Deep fat fryer and oil], title: Crispy Onions, picturelink: null}, 296: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over medium high heat. Season pork chops with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil to the pan, 2 turns around the pan. Add the chops and caramelize the meat, 2 minutes on each side. Transfer meat to a sheet pan and place in the oven to finish cooking through, 12 to 15 minutes. Return pan to stove, reduce heat a bit and add butter to the skillet. Add flour to butter and cook 1 minute. Whisk wine into pan and reduce 1 minute then whisk in preserves and 1 cup of stock. Season with salt and coarse black pepper and let gravy thicken over low heat.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan. When oil smokes, add linguica or chorizo and brown, 2 minutes. Add the celery, onions, peppers, garlic and season with salt and pepper. Cook 5 minutes then crumble muffins into the skillet and combine with vegetables. Dampen the stuffing with remaining 1 cup of stock and season with smoked paprika and thyme. Reduce heat to low and keep warm until ready to serve.nRemove meat from oven and whisk the drippings into your gravy. Pile stuffing on plates, chops alongside and ladle gravy over both. Scatter parsley over meat and stuffing., ingredients: [4 thickcut boneless pork chops, center cut, about 2 pounds, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup rioja or other dry red wine, eyeball it, about 14 of a bottle, 12 cup black cherry preserves or allfruit spread, 2 cups beef stock, divided, 12 pound linguica or chorizo, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 corn muffins, crumbled, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, eyeball it in your palm, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 to 5 sprigs, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Spanish Pork Chops with Linguica Corn Stuffing and CherryRioja Gravy, picturelink: null}, 297: {instructions: Mix cannellini beans, tuna, and celery in a salad bowl. Squeeze the lemon juice into the bowl. Pour in the extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well., ingredients: [2 19ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 14 ounces canned tuna in oil or water, drained, 1 celery stalk, chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Insalata di Fagioli e Tonno: Tuna and Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 298: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the olive oil, honey, mustard, salt, thyme, oregano and lemon juice in a large shallow container.nPound the chicken breasts to uniform thickness and add them to the marinade. Cover and marinate in the fridge for at least 8 hours.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the chicken in batches until golden brown on the first side, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the other side and cooked all the way through, another 4 to 5 minutes. Let the chicken cool.nTransfer the chicken to freezer bags individually and in pairs, so its easy to defrost the exact amount you need., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 6 tablespoons honey, 3 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground thyme, 2 teaspoons ground oregano, Juice of 12 lemons, 24 boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Perfect Grilled Chicken, picturelink: bxt18nzffBKUFmbfiVB.YO5gAEmXKmO}, 299: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan or skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and sweat until translucent. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the heavy cream and reduce about 5 minutes. Stir in the horseradish and dill, take off the heat and finish with the lemon juice. Add salt to taste.nUse as desired we recommend using it to cook or finish fish such as salmon., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 to 23 cup finely grated horseradish see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt], title: Horseradish Cream Sauce, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}}