{2700: {instructions: Rub the chops with the garlic and rosemary, 1 tablespoon oil and salt and pepper and let sit on a plate for 15 minutes. Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat and add remaining oil. Add chops to pan and cook until golden brown and then flip. Remove chops from pan to a baking dish and roast in 375 degrees F. oven for 10 minutes. Add wine and stock to cast iron pan and stir up brown bits from bottom. Serve chops with juice from pan., ingredients: [2 veal chops, about 34inch thick, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoons fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock], title: Pan Seared Veal Chop with Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 2701: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper and saute until slightly golden, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nAdd the brown rice, beets, walnuts, yellow raisins, granulated garlic and cooled onions to a food processor and pulse about 10 times, until the mixture is ground similar to ground beef. Transfer to a bowl and add the eggs, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Mix by hand until uniform, then tightly form into 4 patties.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Season both sides of the patties with salt and pepper. Gently add the patties to the oil and sear on each side until crisp and browned, about 10 minutes a side.nPlace the patties on 2 to 3 Bibb lettuce leaves. Dollop a bit of CitrusCaper Aioli on top and serve.nMix the mayonnaise, capers, honey mustard and orange zest and juice in a bowl. Adjust the seasoning if necessary with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 medium yellow onion, minced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups cooked brown rice, cooled a microwaveable bag works great, 1 cup roughly chopped peeled raw red beets about 1 large beet, 1 cup walnuts, 12 cup yellow raisins, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 large eggs, Bibb lettuce leaves, for serving, CitrusCaper Aioli, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 1 teaspoon orange zest plus 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Beet Burger with CitrusCaper Aioli, picturelink: zJ5OD8LBf1oUAD7PN3sqtwL1U630WGq}, 2702: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a small paring knife carefully slice the banana peel from top to bottom. Open up the peel like a pocket. Spread the banana with the chocolate hazelnut spread, equally divided between the 6 bananas, top each with the marshmallows and sprinkle with chopped nuts. Gently fold the banana peel back in place, wrap the bananas in aluminum foil and cook over the coals for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 bananas, unpeeled, 34 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, 1 12 cups small marshmallows, 6 tablespoons toasted hazelnuts, chopped], title: Roasted Banana Boats, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 2703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cream together sugar and butter. Stir in 1 egg and add other ingredients. Drop from a teaspoon onto parchmentlined cookie sheets at least 3 inches apart. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Cookies will spread, will be thin and subject to sticking. Remove carefully while still a little warm., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup butter, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup sifted cake flour, 12 cup broken pecan nut meats], title: Pecan Cookies, picturelink: null}, 2704: {instructions: For the marinated veggies: Mix the oil, vinegar, thyme, Dijon, honey and garlic together. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nClean the gills of the portobello mushrooms by using a spoon and scraping out the black gills from the underside of the cap.nPlace all the vegetables in a baking dish and then pour the marinade over them and toss. Allow the marinade to work its magic for 15 to 30 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nGrill the vegetables, in batches if necessary, until nice grill marks appear, 3 to 5 minutes a side. Set the cooked vegetables aside until ready to assemble you can place them back in the baking dish where they were marinating. Once the mushrooms come off the grill, slice them thinly on the diagonal.nFor the spread: Mix the goat cheese with the sundried tomatoes and season with some salt and pepper.nFor the naanwich build: Lightly brush the naan with oil and grill on both sides, just until some grill marks appear, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Start by schmearing some of the goat cheese spread on each piece of the griddled naan, and then layer the grilled vegetables high and top with a generous amount of basil, closing the naanwich with the other slice of naan. Slice the sandwich on the diagonal and then enjoy feeling healthier with each bite., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 3 cloves garlic, grated, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 large portobello mushroom caps, 3 banana peppers, stemmed, seeds removed and quartered lengthwise, 2 medium yellow squash, sliced lengthwise into 14inch strips, 2 medium zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 14inch strips, 1 large red onion, cut into 14inch slices, 3 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 3 ounces sundried tomatoes, minced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 8 pieces whole wheat naan, Olive oil, for brushing, 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves], title: Grilled Veggie Naanwich with Sundried Tomato and Goat Cheese Spread, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 2705: {instructions: In a large bowl, thoroughly combine all ingredients. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound white cabbage, shaved, 1 pound carrots, julienned, 1 14 cups mayonnaise, 6 ounces whole grain mustard, 12 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Salt and white pepper], title: Barmouches Picnic Coleslaw, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 2706: {instructions: Cook the green beans in a large pot of boiling water until crisptender, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Using a mesh strainer, transfer the green beans to a large bowl of ice water to cool completely. Drain the green beans and pat dry with a towel.nAdd 2 teaspoons of salt to the same cooking liquid and bring the liquid to a simmer. Add the potatoes to the simmering liquid and cook until they are just tender but still hold their shape, about 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to the ice water to cool completely. Drain the potatoes and pat dry with a towel.nIn a small bowl, whisk the lemon juice, garlic, oil, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper. Place the tomatoes, basil and parsley in a large serving bowl. Add the tuna and toss gently to combine. Add the green beans and potatoes and gently combine. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss to coat., ingredients: [1 12 pounds slender green beans, trimmed, halved crosswise, 3 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, 2 large red potatoes, diced, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 9 ounces canned tuna packed in oil, drained], title: Tuna and Green Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 2707: {instructions: Stir together the ice cream, chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, mint patty candies, creme de menthe candies and mint candies in a large bowl until combined. Transfer to a container, cover and freeze for 4 hours., ingredients: [One 48ounce carton vanilla ice cream, softened, 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup white chocolate chips, 13 cup chopped frozen mint patty candies, 13 cup chopped frozen creme de menthe candies, such as Andes, 13 cup mint candycovered chocolate candies, such as M and Ms], title: Triple Mint Choc Chip Ice Cream, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 2708: {instructions: Put the hot coffee and some ChocolateToffee Syrup in a large mug and mix until combined. Stir in the hot milk, top with some whipped cream and drizzle with more syrup, if desired.nCook the sugar in a medium, heavy saucepan over medium heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt, then continue to cook, stirring slowly with a fork, until melted and pale golden. Continue to cook, swirling the pan, until the sugar is a deep golden caramel.nRemove from the heat and carefully add the warm cream down side of pan the mixture will bubble and steam vigorously, return the caramel to the heat, add the chocolate and salt and stir until smooth. Remove the mixture from the heat and stir in the vanilla.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [4 ounces hot, very strong, brewed hazelnut coffee, 2 to 4 tablespoons ChocolateToffee Syrup, plus more for drizzling on top, recipe follows, 4 ounces whole, 2percent or skim milk, hot and frothed, Whipped cream, optional, for serving, 12 cup pure cane sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, warmed, 6 ounces bestquality milk chocolate, chopped, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Hot Hazelnut ChocolateToffee Latte, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 2709: {instructions: LowSodium Recipen1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Brush chicken breasts with olive oil and Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Seasoning Blend. Set aside.n3. Add onions and garlic to an 89 inch skillet. Place chicken on top of vegetables. Cover lightly with foil and place in oven. Cook 15 minutes.n4. Increase heat to 375 degrees F. Uncover skillet and turn chicken. Cook 10 minutes.n5. Remove and cover lightly with foil. Rest 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Seasoning Blend, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, slivered, 14 red onion, sliced, cooking spray], title: Sizzlin Skillet Baked Chicken, picturelink: GNSOYX4AAENEy1YyWycDfedsGcoKSXu}, 2710: {instructions: Put the garlic cloves and oil in a small heavybottomed saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook uncovered over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until the garlic is browned and tender. Turn off the heat and add the red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt. Immediately pour into a heatproof container to stop the cooking. Allow to cool to room temperature.nFor the salad, blanch the broccoli florets in a large pot of boiling salted water for 2 to 3 minutes, until crisptender. Drain well and immerse immediately into a large bowl of ice water until the broccoli is cooled. This process stops the cooking and sets the bright green color. Drain well.nIn a large bowl, toss the broccoli with 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup of the oil used to cook the garlic, the soy sauce, and 8 or more cloves of cooked garlic. Taste for seasonings and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 head garlic, peeled about 16 cloves, 1 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 stalks broccoli, cut into florets 8 cups of florets, 2 tablespoons soy sauce], title: Broccoli with Garlic and Soy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2711: {instructions: Prepare grill.nLightly brush corn with oil and place on hot grill, turning occasionally, until kernels are browned in spots, about 10 minutes.nWhile corn is grilling, in a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise and cayenne. Using the small teardropshaped holes on a foursided grater, grate the cotija.nBrush mayonnaise mixture onto hot corn and sprinkle with cojita.nServe corn on the cob with lime wedges., ingredients: [8 ears corn, shucked, 1 tablespoon oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 12 cups about 9 to 12 ounces shredded cotija can use feta, Lime wedges, as an accompaniment], title: Corn on the Cob with Cheese and Lime, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 2712: {instructions: With a sharp paring knife, cut an X in the stem end of each grape. Divide between 3 pint size canning jars. Combine the vinegar, sugar, salt, peppercorns, cloves and pepper flakes in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir just until the sugar has dissolved and pour over the grapes. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Serve with the cheese and crackers or bread., ingredients: [1 pound green, red or black seedless California grapes, stemmed and rinsed, Large pinch red pepper flakes, Wedge of Manchego or sharp cheddar, Multigrain crackers or toasted baguette slices, 1 cup unseasoned rice vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon whole cloves], title: Pickled Grapes with Cheese, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 2713: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMake cream sauce: Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add scallion and saute until tender. Add tomato and basil. Add chardonnay and cook until liquid is reduced by half. Add heavy cream, reduce the heat, and simmer until the desired thickness is reached. Keep warm until ready to serve.nAfter you have started the sauce, bake the fillet: place butter, chardonnay, and verjus in a baking pan. Season fish with salt and pepper and place in pan. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until fish is cooked through the fish should be opaque throughout and a knife should slide in easily.nPlace fillets on a serving plate and spoon over the sauce. Serve with a fresh crusty baguette and a crisp green salad., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 14 cup chopped scallions, 1 large ripe tomato, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup chardonnay recommended: Wolffer Estate Selection Chardonnay, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chardonnay recommended: Wolffer Estate Selection Chardonnay, 14 cup verjus recommended: Wolffer Verjus, 1 4 to 5pound striped bass fillet, cut into 6 equal pieces, Salt and pepper], title: Striped Bass with Tomato and Basil Cream, picturelink: null}, 2714: {instructions: The day before, make the ganache center: In a saucepan, heat the cream until boiling and pour over the chopped chocolate. Whisk to combine and then strain. Chill overnight. The next day, whip the ganache in a mixer with a whisk attachment until almost stiff, but still a little gooey.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer with a whisk attachment, combine the salt, brown sugar, and corn syrup. Add the flour, butter, and vanilla extract, and mix well. Add the espresso and pecans and mix just to combine.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Dollop large tablespoonfuls of batter onto the parchment paper, leaving plenty of room between them as the lace cookie tuiles will spread out as they bake to about 5inches in diameter.nBake until the edges are browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. When done, the tuiles will be bubbly and flat.nOnce the tuiles are baked, and while still hot but cool enough to hold together, individually peel the tuiles off the parchment paper, and drape them over a short, 3 to 4ounce rocks or lowball drinking glass and leave them to cool. Repeat until all the tuile batter is used up. When cool, store carefully in an airtight container.nWhen ready to serve, fill lacey tuilecookie cups with the ganache, and dot with raspberries then give them a dusting of powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 cups cream, 16 ounces semisweet chocolate, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup fresh decaffeinated espresso beans, crushed in a mortar or coarseground in a grinder 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 pint raspberries, Powdered sugar], title: Lace Cookies with Gooey Center, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 2715: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Sprinkle the salmon with olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Wrap the salmon in foil and bake for approximately 15 minutes per pound., ingredients: [1 whole salmon side 2 to 3 pounds, Olive oil, 1 lemon, Salt and pepper], title: Saras Baked Side of Salmon, picturelink: null}, 2716: {instructions: Mince the garlic and chile pepper. Sprinkle with salt and mash with the flat side of a chefs knife to make a paste. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the garlicchile paste and half of the scallions and fry until the paste is golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shrimp shells and corn cobs and cook, stirring, until the shells are red, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook until almost evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add 6 cups water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 15 minutes. Strain the broth and return to the pot discard the solids.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, the remaining scallions and the corn kernels cook until the corn is golden, about 12 minutes. Add 12 cup water and stir, scraping the pan with a wooden spoon. Transfer the corn mixture to a blender add 1 12 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt and puree until smooth. Add the pureed mixture to the pot with the broth.nAdd the squash, potato and evaporated milk to the pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 12 to 15 minutes.nAdd the mussels to the pot, cover and cook until they begin to open, about 4 minutes. Add the shrimp and flounder and simmer, stirring gently, until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Gently stir in the egg yolks and cook 1 minute, then remove from the heat, cover and let stand 3 minutes. Season with salt and top with the cilantro.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 1 Scotch bonnet chile pepper, seeds removed, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact shells reserved, 4 ears corn, kernels cut off cobs reserved, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 small butternut squash, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 large Yukon gold potato, peeled and diced, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 pound flounder fillet, cut into chunks, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 14 cup fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Peruvian Seafood Chowder, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 2717: {instructions: For the stuffing: Carefully slice through the chicken breasts to open the thickest part like a book. Place the chicken breasts in between plastic wrap and pound lightly with the flat side of a meat mallet to flatten and even out the chicken. Reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the onions and sprinkle with salt and a pinch of crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat and cook the onions until they are soft and very aromatic but have no color, 7 to 8 minutes. Toss in the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes.nCrumble the chorizo and add to the pan. Cook the chorizo until it is cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool slightly.nTransfer the chorizo mixture to a mixing bowl and stir in the breadcrumbs, Manchego, parsley, almonds and egg. Taste to make sure the stuffing is delicious.nDivide the filling among the 4 chicken breasts. Make a log of stuffing across the widest part of the chicken breast. Fold the ends over the stuffing and roll the chicken up to enclose the stuffing. Secure the rolls shut with a toothpick.nFor the breading: Set up a standard breading procedure with 3 bowls: 1 with flour, 1 with 2 eggs beaten together with 2 tablespoons water and 1 with the panko breadcrumbs.nDust each chicken roll lightly with flour, then dip in the egg wash and then roll in the panko. Once all the chicken rolls have been breaded, let them hang out in the fridge for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd olive oil to a large, straightsided saute pan until it reaches a depth of 12inch and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat.nBrown the chicken rolls on all sides. When the chicken is brown, remove from the pan and blot on paper towels. Transfer the rolls to a sheet tray and place in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes.nFor the sauce: Add a few drops of oil to a saute pan and add the shallots. Sprinkle with salt and bring the pan to a medium heat. Cook the shallots for 3 to 4 minutes and then add the sherry vinegar. Reduce the vinegar by half. Add half the chicken stock, season with salt and bring it to a boil. When the stock has reduced by half, add the remaining stock and reduce by half again. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed it probably will.nTurn the heat to medium and swirl in 1 pat of butter at a time.nRemove the chicken from the oven, slice each roll into 4 or 5 slices, plate and spoon the sauce over.nWine Pairing Suggestion: Albarino Spanish wine goes with the Spanish ingredients., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 pound Mexican chorizo, casing removed, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated aged Manchego cheese, 12 bunch fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted and roughly chopped, 1 egg, 12 cup flour, 2 eggs, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter], title: Chicken Roulades with Chorizo and Manchego, picturelink: n4fHHxtuAHJdnj26thfvrWoJuS8iuIi}, 2718: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the cutlets: Begin by pounding out the chicken cutlets. Working with 2 cutlets at a time, place between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Using the flat side of a meat tenderizer, gently pound out each piece of chicken to an even 14inch thickness. Work gently from the center outwards so as to keep it even and not tear the chicken. Repeat with the remaining cutlets.nSet up a breading station. Place the flour in a shallow bowl, season with salt and pepper and mix well. In a second shallow bowl, add the buttermilk, season with salt and pepper and mix well. In a third shallow bowl, add the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, season with salt and pepper and mix well.nTake each cutlet and dredge lightly in the flour. Shake off any excess, and then dip in the buttermilk. Finally, dredge in the breadcrumb mixture. Cover evenly on both sides, gently patting the crumbs into the chicken to help it stick. Place the breaded cutlets in a single layer on a platter and place uncovered in the fridge for 15 minutes  this will help the coating stick to the cutlet and prevent tearing when it comes time to cook them.nTo cook the cutlets, set 2 large nonstick saute pans, castiron pans if available, over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons of oil to each and cook 2 cutlets in each pan for 3 to 4 minutes per side. When done, they will be golden brown and crispy. Transfer to an ovenproof pan and keep warm in the oven. Try not to keep the chicken in the oven longer than 15 minutes, otherwise it will dry out.nNow make the gravy: Set a medium saute pan with high sides over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the garlic, onions and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Saute until the onions are lightly caramelized and tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine and reduce for 1 minute before adding the chicken broth. Simmer for 5 to 6 minutes, and then add the cold butter cubes to the sauce. Remove from the heat and swirl the pan to melt the butter evenly  this will thicken the sauce and give it a nice sheen. Serve the chicken schnitzel with the garliconion gravy.nWine paring: Riesling or sparkling wine., ingredients: [Four 6ounce chicken cutlets, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, for panfrying, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into cubes], title: Crispy Chicken Schnitzel with GarlicOnion Gravy, picturelink: null}, 2719: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, first placing the rack in the center of the oven.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar, salt, garlic powder and cayenne until blended. Add the kale and toss to coat.nSpread onto a large baking sheet in a single layer. Bake until crispy, 16 to 20 minutes, turning once during cooking., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound kale, washed, destemmed, and chopped or torn into 1inch pieces], title: Kale Chips, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 2720: {instructions: Preheat grill or Great Grate over medium heat.nScrub and rinse the oysters. Keep refrigerated until ready to grill.nPour the cream into a 1quart saucepan and cook over low heat, whisking occasionally to prevent the cream from boiling over, until the volume is reduced by half, about 8 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and add the butter, 1 piece at a time, whisking constantly, until the sauce is shiny, emulsified, and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add the lemon juice and simmer briefly. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the chervil or parsley and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep the sauce warm until ready to serve.nSet up the oysters on the grill with the cup side down and flat side up or place them directly on the grill in the same fashion. Cook the oysters without turning them.nAs soon as the oysters pop open, after 8 to 10 minutes, transfer them carefully with tongs to a platter or plates lined with a bed rock salt. If you are using a Great Grate, this wont be necessary. Use the tongs to pry off the top shells. Spoon 1 teaspoon sauce over each oyster and serve immediately.nServes 4 to 6 as an appetizer, ingredients: [2 pounds mediumsized oysters, well scrubbed about 24, 13 cup heavy cream, 8 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chervil or parsley leaves, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Grilled Oysters with Lemon Butter, picturelink: fbjQo1kcnJVbaAq.sXQCg0s9zSAidxK}, 2721: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the feta cheese, tomatoes, olives and cucumbers. In a small bowl, mix the olive oil and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing mixture over the vegetables. Garnish with the mint., ingredients: [2 cups feta cheese, crumbled, 24 grape tomatoes, halved, 16 pitted black olives, such as kalamata, 16 pitted green olives, 1 English cucumber, cut into chunks, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint], title: Minty Greek Salad, picturelink: 9c6vxt7DCpoRKUVRo9RNUMT8upaVuiO}, 2722: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPreheat oven safe skillet over high heat or wrap rubber handles in double layers of foil to protect the surface in the oven.nPrick the potatoes 3 or 4 times each with a fork and cook them in the microwave on high for 5 minutes.nPat cod dry and squeeze a little lemon juice over it and season with salt. Drizzle fish with extravirgin olive oil.nWhen potatoes cool just enough to handle, slice them into 14inch pieces lengthwise. Coat them with extravirgin olive oil and salt and pepper. Arrange them on a cookie sheet in a single layer and roast them for 20 minutes. Do not move them or turn them as they cook. Chop tarragon, chives and parsley and combine and reserve.nAdd cod seasoned side down to very hot skillet. Sear it 2 minutes, then drizzle the tomatoes with extravirgin olive oil and season them with salt and pepper and add them to the fish. Sear tomatoes 1 minute, then transfer the pan to the oven and roast the fish and tomatoes 8 minutes until fish if firm and opaque and tomatoes have all burst.nPlace parsley, mint, chicken stock and shallot in food processor or blender and puree. Transfer to small sauce pot and bring to a simmer. Season the broth with salt and pepper, to your taste.nHeat the light frying oil in small skillet over medium heat. Add sliced garlic to the hot oil and let it fry until crisp and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain garlic chips on a paper towel and reserve.nWhen the potatoes are very brown and crisp on the bottom side and tender on the top side, remove. Coat sliced potatoes liberally with the chopped herbs.nPour warm pesto broth onto each dinner plate.nRemove the fish from the oven. The bottom should be crisp and brown. Turn the fish over to place the crispy side up in pools of parsleymint broth. Arrange the herb potato slices and tomatoes decoratively around the fish. Top the dish off with a scattering of garlic crisps and serve. You could get 40 a head for this plate Nice, ingredients: [4 large fingerling potatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves or 2 teaspoons dried, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 34 to 2 pounds thick cod fillet, cut into 4 portions buy thick center cuts of fillet for this dish rather than pieces which include thin ends to fillets, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 pint whole grape tomatoes, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup mint leaves, a handful, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 small shallot or 12 large shallot, coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons light in color and weight olive oil or vegetable oil, for frying, 4 cloves garlic, gently cracked from skin and very thinly sliced], title: Cod with Burst Grape Tomatoes, ParsleyMint Pesto Broth and Roast Fingerling Potato Crisps with Herbs, picturelink: null}, 2723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare 4 martini glasses by chilling them in the fridge for 30 minutes.nAdd the heavy cream to a shaker with 3 ice cubes and shake to lightly whip. In a separate cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the vodka and coffee liqueur. Shake vigorously, then strain into the chilled glasses. Top each with a layer of the cream. Use a rasp grater to grate 1 espresso bean over the top of each cocktail and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces heavy cream, 8 ounces vodka, 4 ounces coffee liqueur, 4 espresso beans], title: Black Russian Munich Style, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 2724: {instructions: In a food processor, finely chop the carrots and habanero peppers. In a small saucepan heat the butter and add the chopped garlic. Then add the carrot and habanero mixture and saute until carrots are soft. While stirring add the apple cider vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste. Then add the water and simmer until mixture is thick enough for spreading., ingredients: [2 carrots, sliced, 6 habanero peppers, seeds removed and sliced, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup water], title: Habanero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2725: {instructions: In blender place tomatillos, jalapenos and water. Puree until just chunky. Add remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 2  4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 12 cup cold water, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Tomatillo Salsa Green Salsa, picturelink: null}, 2726: {instructions: Peel oranges and slice into 14inch thick slices. Place on a serving platter.nCombine honey and cinnamon in a small bowl. Drizzle honey mixture over oranges and garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [2 oranges, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Fresh mint leaves, torn, for garnish], title: Cinnamon Oranges, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 2727: {instructions: Combine potatoes in a large pot and just cover with cold tap water. Place over high heat and season water with 1 to 2 teaspoons of salt, it should taste like sea water. Cover the pot and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, combine dairy and garlic in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Keep this mixture barely simmering until the potatoes are done.nAs soon as the water comes to a boil, remove the lid and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until a potato chunk can easily be crushed with a pair of tongs. Drain, then return potatoes to the pan, return pot to heat and shake for 30 seconds so the surface water can evaporate. Remove pot and set on a towel or hot pads. Pour about half the garlic mixture into the potatoes and mash with an oldfashioned potato masher. Start tasting and looking at the consistency right away. If mashers seem dry or bland, add more of the garlic mixture. Avoid over mashing or youll end up with gluey instead of fluffy.nServe straight or garnish with any of the following: parsley, chopped scallions, crumbled bacon, sun dried tomatoes, If you have the dry ones, make sure you rehydrate them. grated horseradish, horseradish sauce, pesto, more bacon, Sauteed mushrooms...use your imagination., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 8 red potatoes, cut into chunks roughly the same size as the russet chunks, 1 to 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 cup low fat buttermilk not skim, 14 cup heavy cream, 6 to 8 cloves of garlic, peeled], title: Mashers, picturelink: eaODNPsswz7WdPouDPiEMYE28A0Dbr6}, 2728: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts on a sheet pan and rub them with olive oil. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, or until cooked through. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then remove the meat from the bones and discard the skin. Cut the chicken into large dice. You will have 4 to 6 cups of cubed chicken.nIn a small saucepan, heat the chicken stock and dissolve the bouillon cubes in the stock. In a large pot or Dutch oven, melt the butter and saute the onions over mediumlow heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until translucent. Add the flour and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add the hot chicken stock to the sauce. Simmer over low heat for 1 more minute, stirring, until thick. Add 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, and the heavy cream. Add the cubed chicken, carrots, peas, onions, and parsley. Mix well. Place the stew in a 10 x 13 x 2inch oval or rectangular baking dish. Place the baking dish on a sheet pan lined with parchment or wax paper. Bake for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the biscuits. Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix on low speed until the butter is the size of peas. Add the halfandhalf and combine on low speed. Mix in the parsley. Dump the dough out on a wellfloured board and, with a rolling pin, roll out to 38inch thick. Cut out twelve circles with a 2 12inch round cutter.nRemove the stew from the oven and arrange the biscuits on top of the filling. Brush them with egg wash, and return the dish to the oven. Bake for another 20 to 30 minutes, until the biscuits are brown and the stew is bubbly., ingredients: [3 whole 6 split chicken breasts, bone in, skin on, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 chicken bouillon cubes, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 34 cup flour, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 cups mediumdiced carrots 4 carrots, blanched for 2 minutes, 1 10ounce package frozen peas 2 cups, 1 12 cups frozen small whole onions, 12 cup minced fresh parsley, 2 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 pound 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 34 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Chicken Stew with Biscuits, picturelink: w7e0sQNz5XWwUeEDbI.UVg00JC64Ljy}, 2729: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nTo make the pate a choux: In a heavybottomed saucepan, bring the water, butter, sugar, and salt to a gentle boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring to melt the butter completely. Add all the flour and baking powder at once and continue to stir until all the flour is incorporated and the dough becomes a mass that pulls away from the sides of the pot. Remove from the heat and scrape the dough into a mixing bowl. Using a standing or handheld mixer, beat the dough on medium speed to cool it off a bit. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl periodically. When all eggs have been incorporated, the dough should be a thick, smooth, and glossy paste.nForm 24 golf ballsize mounds on the lined baking sheet about 2inches apart allowing room for them to spread keep the mounds as high and round as possible. You can use a pastry bag fitted with a star tip or a large spoon, your choice. Place the pans in the oven and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. and continue to cook for 25 minutes. Do not open the oven door or remove the pans from the oven until the puffs are firm to the touch. The profiteroles should be golden brown and wellrisen. Allow the shells to cool before filling.nUsing a serrated knife, slice the pastry puffs almost in half. Place 3 profiteroles on each dessert plate and fill with a scoop of ice cream. Drizzle the chocolate sauce over the top garnish with confectioners sugar and fresh mint, if desired.nCombine the cream and butter in a small heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Heat the mixture until bubbles appear around the sides of the pot, but do not allow the cream to boil. Mix in the chocolate and vanilla remove from the heat and stir until the chocolate melts and the sauce is smooth. May be served warm or chilled., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 large eggs, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar and fresh mint, for garnish, optional, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 pound semisweet chocolate, cut in chunks, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Profiteroles with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2730: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the sugar and 12 cup 120 ml water and bring to a low boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Add the blueberries and reduce the heat to a simmer. Use a wooden spoon to crush the berries, allowing their juices to release, and continue to simmer for 20 minutes. Press the berry mixture through a finemesh sieve set over a bowl and discard the solids.nIn a blender, combine the berry syrup, rum, and lime juice. Add the ice and blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup 100 g sugar, 1 pint 335 g blueberries, 2 cups 480 ml rum, 14 cup 60 ml fresh lime juice, 2 cups 480 ml ice], title: Frozen Blueberry Daiquiris, picturelink: yJQcryZMYKcJvWNU94nwaQrWueEVAkC}, 2731: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the anchovies into the oil and stir until they melt away into the oil. Add the garlic and chiles, and stir for 2 minutes. Then add the vermouth. Add the potatoes, celery, carrots and onions, and cook partially covered 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and season with pepper. Wilt in the greens and season with a little nutmeg. Once the greens have wilted, add the chicken and vegetable stocks and bring to boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for a few minutes. Then season with salt, if necessary.nCool completely and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, reheat over medium heat and stir in the parsley. Serve with cheese and bread., ingredients: [About 13 cup EVOO, 6 anchovy fillets, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large chile pepper, seeded and chopped or 1 teaspoon dried flakes, About 13 cup dry vermouth or 2 tablespoons white balsamic or white wine vinegar, 2 starchy potatoes, peeled and chopped, 3 to 4 small ribs celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 small onions, chopped, 2 to 3 plum tomatoes, chopped, Black pepper, 7 to 8 cups chopped greens such as escarole, kale or spinach, Freshly grated nutmeg, 4 cups chicken stock, 4 cups vegetable stock, Salt, 1 cup fresh flat leaf parsley leaves, finely chopped, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, to pass, Bread, for serving], title: Vegetable Soup with Mixed Greens, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 2732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pan, preferably the pan you just made a steak or 2 in leave the bits and residue from the steak, add the cranberry juice, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, shallots, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper, then a few more grinds of pepper. Simmer on medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the liquid reduces slightly and thickens, about 5 minutes.nStrain the sauce with a finemesh sieve. While still warm, whisk in the butter until melted. Taste and add a squirt of agave nectar at a time to mellow the tart flavor of the cranberry juice. Serve warm., ingredients: [34 cup cranberry juice or cranberry juice blend, 2 tablespoons coarseground Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 shallot, finely grated on a rasp grater, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 to 2 teaspoons agave nectar, if needed], title: Sunnys Quick Cranberry Steak Pan Sauce, picturelink: H8xLhpjcLHrj1vPeKgjVPGGUW5eC8m}, 2733: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 12inch round biscuit cutter about 20 wooden icepop or lollipop sticks a pastry brushnFor the pie crust: Pulse the flour, shortening, sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Sprinkle in 14 cup ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add up to 4 more tablespoons ice water 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing and checking the dough after each addition. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pat each into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or preferably overnight.nFor the apple pie filling: Peel and core the apples slice 14 inch thick. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the sugar and lemon juice.nMelt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apple mixture and cook, stirring occasionally and breaking up with a wooden spoon, until very soft, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the flour, cinnamon and salt and cook, stirring, until the juices thicken, about 2 minutes. Let cool completely.nPosition 2 oven racks in the top and bottom third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. Put the sugar in a shallow bowl and set aside.nTo assemble: Roll out 1 disk of dough on a lightly floured surface to 18 inch thick. Cut into about 20 rounds with a 2 12inch biscuit cutter, keeping the dough and rounds cool and rerolling scraps once if neccessary. Repeat with the second disk, for a total of about 40 dough rounds.nDivide half of the dough rounds about 20 between the baking sheets, leaving 1 inch of space around each. Dip the top 1 inch of a wooden icepop stick in the beaten egg and lay it on one of the rounds, positioning the tip in the center of the round. Repeat with the remaining sticks and dough rounds on the baking sheets. Dollop a generous teaspoonful of the cold apple filling in the center of each round, covering the tip of each stick. Brush the edges of the rounds with the beaten egg using a pastry brush. Put the remaining dough rounds over the rounds with the filling. Press the edges together gently to seal. Use a fork to crimp the rounds closed completely, making pops. Brush the tops with the remaining beaten egg and dust each pop with a generous pinch of sugar. Using a paring knife, make 5 small slits around the centers of each pop theyll look like apple seeds.nBake, reversing the baking sheets top to bottom halfway through, until the dough is golden brown, 18 to 22 minutes. Let the pops cool on the baking sheets until cool enough to touch, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve the pops warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 to 12 cup ice water, 1 pound mixed apples about 3, such as Granny Smith, Gala and McIntosh, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon or apple pie spice, Pinch of fine salt, 14 cup sugar, Allpurpose flour, for dusting the surface, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Apple Pie Pops, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 2734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWash and dry the cremini mushroom. Reconstitute the dry morels and porcinis in a little water. Mince the morels and porcinis, and then saute in truffle oil. Season the mushroom mixture with thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper, allowing the mixture to cool and thus forming a duxelle.nStuff the duxelle into the cremini mushroom cap, along with the truffle cheese. Wrap the quail breast around the crimini mushroom, and then season with a little pepper. Next, wrap the slices of bacon around the quail.nBake the baconwrapped quail for 30 minutes. Remove the quail from the oven and let it cool slightly, and then rub the quail with the truffle butter. Wrap the puff pastry around the quail.nIncrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Return to the oven and bake for another 20 minutes, or until the puff pastry is golden brown., ingredients: [1 large cremini mushroom, 14ounce dried morel mushrooms, 14ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, Kosher salt and white pepper, 1 teaspoon truffle cheese, 1 boneless quail breast, split, 2 slices uncooked smoked bacon, 1 teaspoon truffle butter, 1 sheet puff pastry], title: Quail Wellington, picturelink: null}, 2735: {instructions: Cut off and discard the tough stems and discolored leaves from the greens. Cut across the leaves into 2inch ribbons.nIn a large stock pot, over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil and the diced salt pork, and cook until light golden brown and just crisp. Remove to a paper towel lined plate and let cool.nAdd the onion to the pot and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes, then add the red chili flakes, black pepper, and the collard greens.nStir every few minutes, or until greens have wilted down. Add the chicken stock and the water and cover. Cook for 30 to 45 minutes, then remove the lid, increase the heat to high, and add the vinegar and a teaspoon of hot sauce. Adjust the seasoning, if needed, then put it into a serving bowl. Sprinkle with the salt pork and serve with additional hot pepper sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 pounds collard greens, rinsed, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup 14inch diced salt pork, 1 cup diced onion, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup water, 13 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, plus more for serving recommended: Crystal], title: Southern Collard Greens, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 2736: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nButter and lightly sugar 4 ramekins approximately 6ounce size. In a mixer, combine yolks, buttermilk, juice and zest and beat until well combined. Reduce the speed to low and slowly add sifted flour, sugar and salt until just combined. Beat egg whites with a whisk attachment until you get stiff peaks then combine the two mixtures by gently folding them together, a little at a time. Divide evenly amongst ramekins then bake in a water bath  set ramekins in a roasting tray and fill with water halfway up the sides of the ramekins.nBake in the oven for 60 minutes until the top springs back when gently pressed and the cakes have a nice light golden color. Allow to cool slightly, then carefully invert onto a plate.nBreak up cookies into pieces and place in food processor. Pulse until you have a fine crumb, then add butter, salt, molasses, sugar and egg white. Pulse again until you have a smooth batter, then use an offset spatula to smear out a thin layer on a cookie sheet if you are not using a nonstick tray, grease it with butter or line with a silpat. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before removing from the tray to cool on the bench top. Break up into individual sized pieces before serving.nYield: make aprox 10 piecesnAdd sugar, and butter to a sauce pot and set over medium heat. Reduce until thick and syrupy  about 7 minutes then remove from heat. Add cream be careful as it will bubble up then stir and season with salt., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 23 cup superfine sugar, 2 eggs, separated, 23 cup reduced fat buttermilk, 12 tablespoon blood orange zest, 12 tablespoon ruby grapefruit zest, 1 tablespoon blood orange juice, 1 tablespoon ruby grapefruit juice, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 16 round ginger snap cookies, pinch of salt, 12 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 large egg white, 14 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, 2 cups packed light brown sugar, 12 stick unsalted butter, A double pinch of Kosher salt, 13 cup heavy cream], title: Indian Summer Citrus Pudding with Ginger Snaps and Salted Caramel, picturelink: null}, 2737: {instructions: Bring the stock to a boil over medium heat in a soup pot. Add the lime leaves, chiles, garlic, ginger and lemongrass. Lower the heat to mediumlow cover the pot and gently simmer to let the spices infuse the broth, about 10 minutes.nUncover the pot and stir in the chicken, coconut milk, mushrooms, fish sauce, sugar and lime juice. Simmer to heat the chicken through, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into a soup tureen or individual serving bowls. Garnish with the cilantro. Be careful to avoid chewing the lemongrass, ginger or lime leaves.nPlace the chicken and vegetables in a large stockpot over medium heat. Pour in only enough cold water to cover about 3 quarts too much will make the broth taste weak. Toss in the thyme, bay leaves, and peppercorns, and allow it to slowly come to a boil. Lower the heat to mediumlow and gently simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, partially covered, until the chicken is done. As it cooks, skim any impurities that rise to the surface add a little more water if necessary to keep the chicken covered while simmering.nCarefully remove the chicken to a cutting board. When its cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones handshred the meat into a storage container.nCarefully strain the stock through a fine sieve into another pot to remove the vegetable solids. Use the stock immediately or if you plan on storing it, place the pot in a sink full of ice water and stir to cool down the stock. Cover and refrigerate for up to one week or freeze.nDifficulty: IntermediatenCook Time: 1 hour, 30 minutesnYield: 2 quarts stock, ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, 3 kaffir lime leaves, fresh or dried, hand torn, 2 small Thai chiles, halved lengthwise, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 4 chunks, 1 stalk lemongrass white part only, cracked open with the flat side of a knife, 1 12 cups shredded cooked chicken, One 13ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, One 8ounce can straw mushrooms, rinsed, 2 tablespoons Thai fish sauce nam pla, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, Juice of 4 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 whole freerange chicken about 3 12 pounds, rinsed, giblets discarded, 2 carrots, cut in large chunks, 3 celery stalks, cut in large chunks, 2 large white onions, quartered, 1 head of garlic, halved, 1 turnip, halved, 14 bunch fresh thyme leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns], title: Thai Coconut Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 2738: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nCut the thickest stems off the greens and rinse the leaves well in the sink using lots of fresh water.nAdd the spinach in the water and blanch them, stirring continuously for about 1 minute, then strain them and rinse immediately with cold water so they stop cooking.nWhen the greens are cool enough to handle, squeeze all the water out of them and lay them on a cutting board where youll randomly chop them in big sections.nIn a large pan, over a mediumhigh heat, quickly saute the garlic in a couple of tablespoons olive oil, then add the greens. Quickly toss around the greens, adding a sprinkle more olive oil, if needed.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste, and serve it up You want to preserve the crunchy bite of the fresh vegetable., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 large bunches spinach, washed and trimmed, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing and serving, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 2739: {instructions: Bring the court bouillon to a boil in a flameproof roasting pan. Season the skate with salt and pepper. Add the skate to the roasting pan and poach until a knife will go easily into the crease between the skate ribs, about 1 minute.nIn a bowl, toss the mesclun with 3 tablespoons of the vinaigrette. Arrange in a tall mound in the center of 2 dinner plates.nAs soon as the skate is cooked, separate it into thin strips, cutting through the natural creases in the fish. Drape the strips over the salad in a circle, as if making a teepee.nDrizzle the skate with the remaining 2 tablespoons of vinaigrette. Scatter the coriander and the tomato over all. Serve immediately.nCombine all ingredients in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days, or in the freezer up to 2 months.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the mustard, salt, pepper and vinegars. Whisking constantly, very slowly drizzle in the olive oil and then the corn oil. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 recipe court bouillon see recipe, 1 10ounce boneless, skinless skate wing, Fine sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 5 cups mesclun baby greens, 5 tablespoons vinaigrette see recipe, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced coriander leaf, 12 ripe tomato, peeled, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 7 cups cold water, 1 branch fresh thyme, 12 small leek, 1 3inch piece peeled carrot, 1 3inch piece of celery, 3 medium cloves garlic, peeled, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 12 teaspoons white peppercorns, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 pinches freshly ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon corn oil], title: Warm Skate Salad, picturelink: null}, 2740: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat and add marshmallows. Stir marshmallows until completely melted. Remove mixture from heat and add cereal. Stir to coat cereal evenly in melted marshmallows.nRoll out the fruit rollups. Place 14 of the coated cereal onto each fruit roll up and spread and gather toward 1 side of roll up. Place 2 licorice twists onto the center of the spread out cereal mix. Wrap and roll the candy and fruit, maneuvering the licorice to the center of the roll, so that the finished product resembles a sushi roll. Repeat with remaining rolls.nPlace a sharp knife into a bowl of very warm water. Cut candy sushi with warm knife and arrange on a plate then serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces, 12 regular marshmallows, 2 cups puffed rice cereal recommended: Kelloggs Rice Krispies cereal, 4 fruit rollups pressed dried fruit rounds, 8 inches any brand, any flavor, 8 strips licorice candy recommended: Twizzlers brand, any flavor  pieces should be 6 to 7 inches long, trim to match width of rollups], title: Candy Sushi, picturelink: null}, 2741: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Core the cauliflower and cut into florets. Toss the florets, 3 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast until tender, about 30 minutes.n2. Cook the capers and chile in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a hot skillet for 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 1 minute. Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper. Add the cauliflower and toss to coat.nPer serving: Calories 249 Total Fat 24 grams Saturated Fat: 6 grams Protein: 3 grams Total Carbohydrates: 8 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol 15 milligrams Sodium 293 milligrams, ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 Fresno chile, sliced, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons cold butter], title: Roasted Cauliflower with Capers and Chile, picturelink: uxx5622F45OTYbPWhiJGr8rVWAy56Ae}, 2742: {instructions: Bring stock to a boil, stir in rice and 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Cook 18 minutes. Heads up: after 12 to 13 minutes you will add in other ingredients.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat about 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil over low heat in a large skillet.nFrom the rounder, thicker side of the breast, cut into and across but not through the breast meat and butterfly the breast open. Season the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. Pour flour, smoked paprika and salt and pepper onto a dish beat eggs in a second dish with a splash of water. Grind nuts, bread crumbs and parsley in food processor to combine. The nuts should have the same consistency as the bread crumbs. Start the processor in pulses then turn on to combine. Pour nut mixture onto plate. Coat the chicken in flour, egg then nuts. Wash your hands.nRaise heat under the skillet to mediummedium high. When oil ripples, add the chicken and brown on both sides, and finish in the oven until deeply golden and cooked through.n5 minutes before the rice is done, add the artichokes, peppers, and olives and stir to combine. Cook 5 minutes more, turn off heat, fluff with a fork and stir in thyme leaves.nRemove chicken to a platter and add sherry to the pan then stir in butter. Spoon pan sauce over chicken and serve with rice alongside., ingredients: [3 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups white longgrain rice, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups peeled almonds, 12 cup bread crumbs, Generous handful flatleaf parsley, 1 9 ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, 4 piquillo peppers or 2 roasted red peppers, chopped, 12 cup pitted Spanish green olives, chopped, 1 large fresh thyme sprig, leaves only, 13 cup dry sherry, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into pieces], title: Spanish Chicken Cutlets and Olive Rice with Artichokes and Piquillo Peppers, picturelink: TSsInSiGq42S.OMRB06GrFWTkh.vji}, 2743: {instructions: HEAT ham according to package directions. COMBINE orange marmalade and brown sugar in small bowl until blended. Remove ham from oven 30 minutes before end of suggested bake time. Brush glaze over ham. BAKE an additional 30 minutes. Remove ham from oven and let rest 510 minutes. Spoon pan juices over ham and serve., ingredients: [1 8 to 10 pound fully cooked spiral sliced ham, 1 18 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Sweet Orange Marmalade, 34 cup firmly packed brown sugar], title: Grandma Loris Marmalade Glazed Ham, picturelink: null}, 2744: {instructions: In a large, heavy skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the onion and garlic until the onions are tender and beginning to caramelize around the edges, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the chicken livers and brandy. Return the pan to the heat and shake the pan to ignite. Cook until livers are lightly browned on all sides but still pink inside, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, crushed red pepper, bay leaf, black pepper and chicken stock to the skillet. Stir well, then let the sauce come to a simmer. Cook for 15 minutes, or until most of the liquid has evaporated. Whisk in the cream and basil. Season with salt and pepper and, if the sauce seems overly acidic, add the sugar.nMeanwhile, in a kettle or large saucepan, bring 5 quarts of water to a boil. Add the pasta and return to a boil, stirring occasionally. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is al dente, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander, then transfer to a large bowl. Remove the bay leaf from the chicken liver sauce and discard the leaf. Toss the pasta with some of the tomato sauce, then divide among serving plates. Top each serving with more sauce and some of the chicken livers. Pass the cheese at the table., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped yellow onions, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 12 pints chicken liver, rinsed, drained, and cut into individual lobes, Splash brandy, 4 pounds ripe Roma tomatoes, peeled, and coarsely chopped, or 2 28ounce cans crushed Italian tomatoes, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 bay leaf, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups chicken stock or low sodium chicken broth, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, if needed, 1 pound dried vermicelli, 12 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, for serving], title: Vermicelli with Spicy Chicken LiverTomato, picturelink: kefy2fD71HoTviOSykNJIUl6KW8ueee}, 2745: {instructions: Put the potatoes and the chicken thighs in a large pot. Cover with salted water and boil, skimming and discarding any scum that rises, for about 25 minutes or until the potatoes are soft and the chicken thighs are cooked through. Drain and set aside.nIn the meantime, light the fire using hardwood charcoal. Place the corn in a large bowl of water and soak thoroughly, about 20 to 30 minutes.nWhen the coals are red in the center with ash around them, the fire is ready. Put the lobsters and corn on the rotisserie grill. Arrange the potatoes, chicken, and sausage on top of the grill and top with the clams. Cook for 45 minutes. Serve with melted butter., ingredients: [2 pounds red bliss potatoes, 8 chicken thighs, 8 ears corn, 4 2pound lobsters, 2 pounds linguica sausage or chorizo, 3 pounds soft shell clams or steamers], title: New England Clambake, picturelink: null}, 2746: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 10ounce ramekinsnFor the apples and cranberries: Combine the water, sugar, cinnamon, cranberries, and salt in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 1 minute.nAdd the apples, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are soft but still retain some of their shape and the mixture has thickened, about 10 minutes. Set aside while you make the oatmeal.nFor the oatmeal: Preheat the broiler. Put the milk in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the oatmeal, orange zest, and salt and cook until the mixture thickens, about 2 minutes. Cover and let sit for 2 minutes. The oatmeal should be slightly loose, it will continue to thicken under the broiler.nDivide half of the apple mixture between 2 10ounce ramekins. Divide half of the oatmeal between the 2 ramekins and spoon on top of the apple mixture. Place the remaining apple mixture on top of the oatmeal then top the apple mixture with the remaining oatmeal. Smooth out the top of the oatmeal and sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the sugar evenly over the top of each.nPlace the ramekins on a baking sheet and place until the broiler. Broil until the sugar is golden brown and bubbly and completely melted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup water, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup dried cranberries, Pinch salt, 1 large Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and cut into medium dice, 2 34 cups whole milk, 1 cup quick cooking Irish oatmeal recommended: McCanns, 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar], title: Apple Pie Oatmeal with Bruleed Crust, picturelink: cvYD5CB64laK9d4Ceq.yYgIX8cSbe.y}, 2747: {instructions: Combine the garlic, salt, pepper flakes, and olive oil in a medium glass bowl. Cover and microwave on high until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Cool. Add the bocconcini and refrigerate for at least 1 and up to 24 hours.nThread a yellow cherry tomato onto a skewer, wrap a bocconcini in a basil leaf and add to the skewer, then finish with a red tomato. For a dramatic presentation, use both pear and cherry tomatoes. Halve the top cherry tomato and use it as a stand for the skewer.nRepeat with the remaining cheese and tomatoes. Save the oil for a dipping sauce and serve with a small bowl of kosher salt., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 bocconcini small mozzarella balls, about 8 ounces, 1 pint mixed red and yellow cherry or pear tomatoes, 12 basil leaves, preferably large], title: Mozzarella, Cherry Tomato and Basil Skewers, picturelink: null}, 2748: {instructions: Pour ingredients into blender half filled with ice and blend. Pour into tall glassnPour ingredients into a blender half filled with ice and blend until smooth. Pour into a wine glass and garnish with a limenPour ingredients into a blender half filled with ice and blend. Pour into a wine glass and garnish with a lime, ingredients: [12 chopped mango, 1 banana, 3 ounces orange juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 ounces Jamaican Rum, 12 chopped mango, 1 banana, 2 ounces orange juice, 1 teaspoon honey, Splash of lime juice, 2 ounces Absolute Mandrin Vodka, 12 ounce Triple Sec, 12 ounce Sour Mix or Margarita Mix, Splash of cranberry juice, Splash of lime juice], title: Beach Drinks, picturelink: null}, 2749: {instructions: Heat a soup pot with the EVOO over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions. Cook, partially covered, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the bay leaf, zucchini and some salt and pepper. Partially cover and cook 5 minutes more. Then add the garlic and leeks. Stir 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste, and stir for 1 minute. Add the grated tomatoes, chicken and stock. Bring to a low boil, adjust the salt and pepper to taste, cool and store. Reheat over medium heat.nTo serve, heat a medium pot of salted water to boil. Cook the noodles to al dente, 5 minutes or so. Drain and toss the noodles with the butter, herbs and some salt and pepper.nStir a little lemon zest into the soup. Place a small mound of noodles in each bowl and ladle chunky chicken and vegetable soup over top.nPlace the chicken in a large stockpot. Add the peppercorns, celery, garlic, bay leaf, carrot, lemon, onions and the herb bundle tied with string, sprinkle with salt. Cover the chicken with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, a rolling simmer. Simmer 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes, then cool the chicken in the stock. Strain the stock, discarding the vegetables. Remove the chicken in large pieces from skin and bones. Cut half of the meat into bitesize chunks for the soup. Thinly slice or pull the remaining meat, and reserve for another use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 carrots, peeled, quartered lengthwise, cut into 12inch thick pieces, 3 to 4 ribs celery with leafy tops, spilt lengthwise, cut into 12inch thick pieces, 1 large onion, chopped 12inch dice, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 small to medium zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut into 12inch thick pieces, Salt and pepper, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 leeks, halved lengthwise, cut into 12inch half moons, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 large tomatoes, grated on large side of box grater, 1 to 1 12 pounds diced Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 2 quarts chicken stockpoaching liquids from Poached Chicken, 8 ounces extrawide egg noodles, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup finely chopped parsley or parsley and dill combined, A little lemon zest, for garnish, 1 whole chicken 4 to 5 pounds, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, Herb bundle of parsley, rosemary and thyme, Salt], title: Chunky ChickenVegetable Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 2750: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPuree cottage cheese in food processor until very smooth. Add the cream cheese and sugar and cream together. Combine egg, egg whites, vanilla, lemon juice, and salt in a separate bowl. Slowly add to the cheese mixture and continue processing, being careful not to over mix. Fold in the chocolate chips.nMix together the graham cracker crumbs and butter in a bowl. Press crumb mixture into a 10inch springform pan. Carefully spoon the batter on top of the crust and place the pan in a water bath. Bake until the cheesecake has set and is firm to the touch, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until chilled through, at least 4 hours.nOnce the cake cools, slice into 20 wedges and top each wedge with a dollop of lowfat cru00e8me anglaise.nWhisk all ingredients together in a bowl. Heat a small saucepan filled halfway with water over medium heat. Place the bowl with the ingredients on top of the pan to create a double boiler. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until thickened, whisking occasionally. When the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon without running off, then it is finished. Strain the sauce through a fine mesh strainer and cool quickly in an ice bath. Refrigerate if not serving immediately. Serve on top of chocolate chip cheesecake.nPer serving: Calories: 144 Total Fat: 5 grams Saturated Fat: 3 grams Protein: 11 grams Total carbohydrates: 14 grams Sugar: 10 grams Fiber: 1 gram Cholesterol: 35 milligrams Sodium: 378 milligrams, ingredients: [3 cups lowfat cottage cheese, 1 12 cups fatfree cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 4 large egg whites, 1 13 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chocolate chips, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Lowfat Creme Anglaise, recipe follows, 2 cups skim milk, 1 vanilla bean, scraped or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 egg yolks, 4 egg whites, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Chocolate Chip Cheesecake with Lowfat Creme Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 2751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a pot over medium to medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, and the turkey meat. Season the meat with: chili powder, grill seasoning, cumin, Worcestershire and hot sauce. Break up the meat with the back of a wooden spoon into small crumbles.nChop the onion, reserving 14 of it for topping the chili. Brown meat 5 minutes, then add onions and chopped bell peppers and cook 10 minutes more. Add beer and deglaze the pan, scraping up the drippings and cooking off the alcohol. Add tomato sauce and barbecue sauce and bring to a bubble. It using corn kernels add them now. Let chili simmer 10 minutes. Adjust seasonings and heat level to your taste. Remove from heat and serve.nTidbit:nTo make a double batch, heat 2 pots and make 1 batch in each pot, rather than using 1 massive pot that is hard to control.nChoose from any or all of the following for dipping and scooping into your chili:nAll of the above can be found on either snack aisle or natural foods snack section in your market.nChoose from any or all of the following for topping your chili:nDefrosted frozen corn or leftover corn on the cob, scraped from cob, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 12 pounds ground turkey 85 percent lean or ground turkey breast 99 percent lean, 2 packages, 4 tablespoons dark chili powder, 2 palm fulls, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend, any brand, 1 palm full, 1 tablespoon cumin, 12 palm full, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 3 tablespoons hot sauce, medium to extraspicy, 1 large onion, quartered, 2 large peppers, any color combination, red, green, purple, yellow or orange, chopped, 12 bottle beer the alcohol cooks out, about 1 cup, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, 12 cup smoky barbecue sauce, 2 cups corn kernels, optional, Choose from any or all of the following for dipping and scooping into your chili:, Pretzel Rods, Yellow, Red or Blue Corn Tortilla Chips, any flavor, Black Bean Tortilla Chips, Polenta Chips, Plain or Guacamole flavor, Pita Chips, Plain or Spicy flavors, Yukon Gold, Red Bliss or Blue Potato Chips, any flavor, Choose from any or all of the following for topping your chili:, Shredded Cheeses: smoked white sharp cheddar, such as Cabot brand, pepper jack, chipotle Cheddar, 5 peppercorn Cheddar, Monterey jack, Sliced canned jalapenos, drained, Salsas, Sour cream, Chopped raw onion, Chopped green olives and pimentos, Chopped cilantro leaves, Diced tomatoes], title: Indian Summer Turkey Chili, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 2752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 13by18by1inch sheet pan. Line the pan with parchment paper and grease and flour the paper.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt and stir to combine. Place the eggs and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on mediumhigh speed for 3 minutes, until light yellow and thickened. With the mixer on low, add the pumpkin and slowly add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated. Finish mixing the batter by hand with a rubber spatula. Pour into the prepared pan and spread evenly. Bake the cake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the top springs back when gently touched.nWhile the cake is baking, lay out a clean, thin cotton dish towel on a flat surface and sift the entire 14 cup of confectioners sugar evenly over it. This will prevent the cake from sticking to the towel. As soon as you remove the cake from the oven, loosen it around the edges and invert it squarely onto the prepared towel. Peel away the parchment paper. With a light touch, roll the warm cake and the towel together dont press starting at the short end of the cake. Allow to cool completely on a wire rack.nMeanwhile, make the filling. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the mascarpone, confectioners sugar and cream together for about a minute, until light and fluffy. Stir in the crystallized ginger and salt.nTo assemble, carefully unroll the cake onto a board with the towel underneath. Spread the cake evenly with the filling. Reroll the cake in a spiral using the towel as a guide. Remove the towel and trim the ends to make a neat edge. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve sliced.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup canned pumpkin not pie filling, 14 cup confectioners sugar, plus extra for dusting, 12 ounces Italian mascarpone cheese, 1 14 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup minced dry crystallized ginger not in syrup, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Pumpkin Roulade with Ginger Buttercream, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 2753: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nToss the chicken wings in a bowl along with a sprinkling of salt, half of the lemon juice and 14 cup olive oil. Transfer wings to a baking sheet and roast until the fat has begun to render and the skin starts to get crispy, 25 to 30 minutes.nVery carefully slice the carrots on a mandoline, then drop the slices into a bowl of ice water until ready to serve. Before serving, drain the carrots and add them to a serving dish. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt.nAdd the carrot juice, habanero, honey, white wine vinegar and the remaining lemon juice to a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half, 20 minutes. Finish the sauce with the butter, stirring until completely melted and fully integrated. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Keep warm.nAdd 4 inches of oil to a large Dutch oven and heat to 375 degrees F. Remove the chicken wings from the oven and, in batches, fry them in the oil until the skin is crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove each batch of fried wings to a large bowl, add some of the reduced carrot sauce and toss to coat. Serve the wings on a platter, garnished with the blue cheese. Serve with the dressed carrots., ingredients: [12 whole chicken wings, Salt, Juice of 2 lemons, Olive oil, 2 bunches baby carrots, tops removed, Juice of 3 large carrots, 12 habanero, 14 cup honey, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Canola oil, for frying, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, for serving], title: Buffalostyle Wings, picturelink: I5sXzpAzysGHvByFJlhqp8cavsTNx5C}, 2754: {instructions: Crush ginger and thyme with wooden spoon in 1quart glass measuring cup. Stir in Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Peach Tea. Strain and serve in icefilled glasses. Garnish, if desired, with additional ginger and thyme.nFor a pitcher, simply double the recipe.nFor a cocktail version, simply add 14 cup bourbon whiskey., ingredients: [3 slices fresh ginger, about 18inch thick, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bottle Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Peach Tea], title: PeachyGinger Tea Thyme, picturelink: YEWRXDK0FBnqRGW2zYOyrFQLof3TzMa}, 2755: {instructions: If the duck skin is no longer crisp, place on a baking sheet in a 400 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes to recrisp. Cut the skin into thin strips.nTo make the sauce, heat a pan or wok over medium heat and add the hoisin, sugar, sesame oil and soy sauce. When the sauce starts to bubble slightly, stir together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Add to the pan and stir well to thicken. Set aside and let cool.nPlace 1 rice paper wrapper in a shallow bowl of hot water until softened, and then lay on a damp tea towel. In the center of the wrapper, add some duck, crispy skin, scallions and cucumber. Fold in the sides of the wrapper, fold up the bottom and then roll. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and duck. Serve immediately with the sauce for dipping.nFor the duck: Prick the duck all over with a small knife or fork. Carefully pour hot water over the duck to rinse. Discard the hot water. Place the duck on a rack in a roasting pan and dry all over by patting it with paper towels. Sprinkle the duck with salt and pepper and leave it in the roasting pan until ready to cook.nIn a small bowl, mix together the honey, 6 tablespoons water, fivespice, soy sauce and brown sugar. Brush the duck all over, inside and out. Let dry for about 10 minutes and then brush again. Repeat this process until you have used all but 4 to 5 tablespoons of the glaze reserve this glaze. Ideally, let the glaze marinate on the duck overnight, leaving it uncovered in the fridge.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the duck in the oven and cook for 45 minutes. Flip the duck over, baste with the reserved glaze and cook until the skin is crisp and golden brown, another 45 minutes. Make sure you check halfway through that it is not getting too dark. If it is getting too dark before half the cook time is up, turn your heat down and lower the rack in the oven. When the duck is cooked, remove from the oven and let rest while you make your sauce.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, mix the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon cold water and set aside. Next, heat a pan or wok over medium heat and add the hoisin, sugar, sesame oil and soy sauce. When the sauce starts to bubble slightly, add the cornstarch mixture and stir well to thicken. Set aside and let cool., ingredients: [3 cups cooked Peking duck, meat shredded and crispy skin reserved, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 6 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 24 rice paper spring roll wrappers, 3 scallions, julienned, 1 hothouse cucumber, seeded, cut into 2inch pieces and julienned, One 5 to 6pound whole duck, Sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 6 tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons Chinese fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 6 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 package ChineseMandarinstyle pancakes, to serve, 3 scallions, sliced into long thin strips, for garnish, 1 cucumber, cored and sliced into long thin strips, for garnish], title: Peking Duck Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 2756: {instructions: Cook the rice as the label directs. Meanwhile, cut the hens in half with kitchen shears, cutting along one side of the breastbone season with salt and pepper. Heat the canola oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over high heat. Add the hens, skinside down, and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside.nPour off all but about 2 tablespoons oil from the pot. Add the onion and garlic cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Return the hens to the pot, skinside up add 2 cups water, the soy sauce, sugar, peppercorns and bay leaves. Bring to a boil. Lay the scallions on top of the hens cover and cook until the scallions are tender and the hens are cooked through, about 10 minutes.nUncover the pot and add the vinegar do not stir. Cook, uncovered, until the liquid is reduced by about twothirds, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the hens and scallions discard the bay leaves from the pan sauce. Serve with the rice.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 cup jasmine rice, 2 Cornish game hens 1 12 to 1 34 pounds each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 23 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 bunches scallions, trimmed, 14 cup white vinegar], title: AdoboStyle Cornish Hens, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 2757: {instructions: Place half the raspberries in a blender with half the ice cream, 1 tablespoon almond liqueur, and 1 teaspoon orange zest. Pulse the blender until the mixture is combined. Add about half a tray of ice and blend until smooth.nDivide the smoothie between 2 highball glasses and continue making the other 2 smoothies with the remaining ingredients. Crumble the macaroon cookies over the top of the smoothies. Serve with long spoons and a straw., ingredients: [12 ounces fresh raspberries or 12ounces frozen raspberries, thawed, divided, 1 quart vanilla gelato or ice cream, lightly softened, divided, 2 tablespoons almond liqueur recommended: Amaretto, divided, 2 teaspoons orange zest, divided, Ice, 4 Italian macaroon cookies recommended: Amaretti, divided], title: Amaretto and Raspberry Smoothie, picturelink: Rh68iVKrUWBY9Jp6izUnz.SC3a.0dqu}, 2758: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Saute 12 cup each finely diced onion and red pepper, cover and cook until tender. Add 2 cloves minced garlic and 1 teaspoon ground cumin and saute a few seconds. Add two 15 ounce cans rinsed and drained black beans and 4 cups chicken broth. Bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes to bring flavors together.nIf too thick, thin with water, then adjust seasoning. Garnish with 4 ounces finely shredded or diced smoked ham, sour cream and pickled jalapeno or nacho peppers, if you wish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup each onion and red bell pepper, finely diced, 2 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 15 ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 4 cups chicken broth, Garnish: 4 ounces shredded or diced smoked ham, sour cream, pickled jalapeno or nacho peppers], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 2759: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBacon:nSaute the lardons in a frying pan over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy. Reserve the bacon lardons for garnish and reserve bacon fat for cooking the onions.nCaramelized onions:nPut the onions into the bacon fat, season with a 12 teaspoon of salt to draw out moisture and cook gently over medium heat until caramelized, about 20 minutes. Reserve.nCorn:nPut 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a hot pan over medium heat. When the oil starts to smoke, add the corn kernels 12 teaspoon of sugar, 12 teaspoon of kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste. Saute over high heat until the corn starts to caramelize, stirring frequently. Remove from heat and add 1 tablespoon cilantro. Reserve for later.nHot dogs:nHeat a grill to high. Put the hot dogs on the grill and sear until slightly charred. Brush lightly with hot sauce while still on the grill. Meanwhile, brush the inside of the buns with melted butter and arrange, butter side down, on the grill. Grill until lightly golden brown, about 30 seconds.nAssembly:nThinly spread the mayonnaise and mustard on each bun. Put the hot dogs into the buns and sprinkle with a tablespoon of caramelized onions. Top with a tablespoon of lardons and 2 tablespoons of corn mixture. Sprinkle each with 12 tablespoon of Cotija cheese and a pinch of cayenne pepper. Squeeze a little lime on each hot dog and serve., ingredients: [3 slices thick cut bacon, cut into small lardons, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 ears corn, kernels removed, 12 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 hot dogs recommended: Boars Head natural casing, 1 tablespoon piripiri hot sauce recommended: Mazi, 4 potato buns recommended: Martins, 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise recommended: Kewpie, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 14 cup grated Cotija cheese, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 lime, quartered], title: Brooklyns Corniest Hot Dogs, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 2760: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together all ingredients except the ribs. Rub spice mixture all over the ribs. Cover and refrigerate ribs for at least 2 hours or up to 24 hours.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the ribs in a roasting pan. Bake for 1 to 2 hours, until meat easily pulls off the bones., ingredients: [1 tablespoon paprika, 1 12 teaspoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 pounds baby back ribs, cut into 2rib portions], title: Dry Rub Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 2761: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the scones: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a baking mat or parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, ground oats, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir to combine. Add the butter pieces and use a pastry cutter to work the butter and dry ingredients together until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in the chopped pecans.nWhisk together the cream, maple extract and egg in a small bowl. Pour into the flour mixture, stirring gently until it all comes together. The mixture will not come together in one cohesive ball it should be in a few large clumps with some crumbs in the bowl. If it is overly crumbly and will not come together at all, add a couple of tablespoons of extra cream and work it in.nTurn the dough out onto a cutting board or floured surface and use your hands to press it into a 6 to 8inch circle about 34 inch thick. Cut into 8 equal wedges or you can cut into smaller wedges to get more.nTransfer to the prepared baking sheet and bake until poufy and set and just barely golden, 20 to 24 minutes. They shouldnt have much color on them at all. Allow to cool completely.nFor the icing: Combine the powdered sugar, milk, butter, coffee and maple extract in a large bowl. Make sure the icings thick but still pourable.nDrizzle a very generous amount of the icing onto each scone, then sprinkle on a few more chopped pecans. Allow the icing to set completely, then serve.nThe scones will keep nice and fresh for days in a plastic zipper bag., ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed for flouring, 12 cup oldfashioned oats, ground in a food processor, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 1 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 12 cup pecans, finely chopped, plus more for sprinkling, 34 cup heavy cream, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 1 large egg, 5 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons strong brewed coffee, 2 teaspoons maple extract], title: Maple Oat Nut Scones, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 2762: {instructions: Preheat grill. Combine sugar, soy sauce, sake, garlic, scallions, ginger and sesame oil in a medium size flat dish. Add the steak and coat well with the marinade. Let marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes, turning once. Remove meat from marinade and grill on each side for 2 to 3 minutes, for mediumrare. Remove from grill, cover and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice thinly against the grain., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sake, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 scallions, white part only, minced, 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 pound skirt steak, trimmed and cut into 4 portions, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: KoreanStyle Marinated Skirt Steak with Grilled Scallions and Warm Tortillas, picturelink: w5T63JkkjbFsTs5RmwgisQ61FnW3Q52}, 2763: {instructions: Heat a skillet over moderate heat. Go 1 turn of the pan with a slow stream of extravirgin olive oil. Add crushed garlic and red pepper flakes to the pan. Saute garlic and red pepper flakes 1 or 2 minutes. Add zucchini and season with salt, cumin and chili powder. Saute, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Add chick peas, tomatoes and scallions to the pan and stir to combine. Cook over medium low heat for 10 minutes. Stir in cilantro and serve.nTo reduce the heat level, omit the red pepper flakes from the recipe and method., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 medium zucchini, thinly sliced, Coarse salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 13 palm full, 1 can chick peas, 14 ounces, drained, 1 can diced tomatoes in juice, 14 ounces, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves, a palm full, finely chopped], title: Spiced Stewed Zucchini, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 2764: {instructions: Combine 1ounce of butter and 1ounce of flour to make a paste. Set aside. In a large heavybottomed saucepan, brown the beef in remaining 2 ounces butter and oil on a medium to high heat for 4 or 5 minutes until seared on all sides. Remove from pan and reserve.nAdd onions and cook until translucent. Add bacon and cook until softened. Add carrots, celery, turnip, parsley, thyme, rosemary, oregano, and garlic. Add the butter and flour mixture. Stir to make sure ingredients are wellcombined. Add the beef back and pour in the wine, making sure that it covers the ingredients. Bring to a boil and season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Add 1 tablespoon of Creme de Cassis. Cover and simmer for 4 hours on a low heat.nGarnish with a little chopped parsley and serve with Garlic Croutons.nSaute the bread cubes in olive oil and garlic. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 ounce butter, plus 2 ounces butter, for frying, 1 ounce flour, 4 tablespoons olive oil, for frying, 4 14 pounds beef shoulder, cut into large pieces, 2 onions, chopped, 2 strips unsmoked bacon, cut in pieces, 6 carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 12 turnip, diced, 1 small bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped, 1 sprig thyme, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 sprig oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 bottles red burgundy wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon black currant liqueur recommended Creme de Cassis, Garlic Croutons, recipe follows, Serving suggestion: boiled potatoes and garlic croutons, 3 slices white bread, cut into small squares, 2 tablespoons olive oil, for frying, 2 cloves garlic, mashed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Boeuf Bourguignon, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 2765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIf the stalks of the asparagus are thick, peel the bottom 12 of each. Lay them in a single layer on a sheet pan and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and return to the oven for another minute. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 12 pounds fresh asparagus about 30 large, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 lemons cut in wedges, for serving], title: Parmesan Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: cBlJzZiYVwNtaAc1e.ew1366Bcqv8V.}, 2766: {instructions: Nectarine Custard Cake: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCream sugar, butter and lemon zest together. Add flour then egg yolks and slowly add roasted nectarine paste and milk in thin stream to prevent lumps andor mix to form a paste. Whip egg whites to soft peaks and carefully fold into above mixture using a rubber spatula. Pour mixture into muffin tins or similar size ceramic dishes that have been brushed with melted butter and sprinkled with granulated sugar and bake in a water bath for approximately 35 minutes at 325 degrees F. Unmold while still warm, let cool then set in refrigerator. See Cooks NotenNectarine Carpaccio: Bring water, sugar, and scraped vanilla bean seeds to a boil, remove from heat, and let cool to body temperature. Shave nectarine using a mandolin or other similar tool and place in the cooled syrup. Let sit for approximately 2 to 4 hours.nLavender Honey Brulee: Bring milk, cream, and scraped vanilla seeds to a boil. Mix yolks and honey with a whisk. Add hot liquid slowly at first to avoid cooking the yolks. Cook the mixture until temperature reaches 185 degrees F. Immediately strain into a clean bowl and sprinkle gelatin in 12 ounce of cold water and let it sit until gel is formed, add gelatin then white chocolate. Cool quickly over an iced water bath then pour into an 8inch square container. Set in refrigerator.nCitrus Cracker Dough rounds: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSift together flour and confectioners sugar. Make a well and add in the egg and orange zest. Mix until a dough forms. Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Roll out on board until you can see through the dough. Using different size round cutters, make a unique design. Place on aluminium foil that you have crushed up and let dry. Bake at 325 degrees F. until it is golden. Let rest until cool.nAssembly and Suggested Serving: Place the Nectarine Custard Cake off center in dish. Cut the brulee into rounds that are the same size of the cake. Sprinkle top of the brulee with granulated sugar and with blowtorch caramelize the sugar. Place on top of the custard cake. Put a few slices of drained nectarine carpaccio on top of the brulee and place citrus crackers up against the Nectarine Custard Cake. Garnish with fresh lavender., ingredients: [34 cup granulated sugar, 12 ounces unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, separated, 3 cups plus 1 teaspoon nectarine paste, roasted see note below, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 large nectarine, 13 cup milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons lavender honey, 12 teaspoon gelatin powder, 1.75 ounce white chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar, 1 small egg, 1 orange, zested, Lavender, as a garnish], title: Roasted Nectarine Custard Cake, Nectarine Carpaccio, Lavender Honey Brulee and Citrus Cracker Dough rounds, picturelink: null}, 2767: {instructions: Tear the purslane into 2 or 3inch pieces, stripping the little shoots from the main stems discard the woodiest pieces.nLay the tortillas on your work surface. Sprinkle some cheese on half of each tortilla, leaving 12inch border. Put some purslane on top of the cheese, and drizzle about 2 teaspoons of the salsa verde on top. Top the purslane with the remaining cheese. Fold the tortillas in half.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 2 teaspoons of the butter and melt until the foam just about subsides. Put in 2 of the tortillas and cook, pressing lightly with a spatula once or twice, until the underside is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip, and cook until the second side is brown and the cheese is melted, about 2 more minutes.nTransfer the tortillas to a cutting board. Wipe out the skillet. Repeat with the remaining butter and tortillas, lowering the heat a bit if the butter or tortilla browns too quickly.nUse a pizza wheel or sharp knife to cut the quesadillas into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces purslane, Four 8inch flour tortillas, 8 ounces lowmoisture whole milk mozzarella or Oaxacan cheese, coarsely grated, 8 teaspoons prepared salsa verde, 4 teaspoons unsalted butter], title: Purslane Quesadillas, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 2768: {instructions: Chopped fresh chives, for sprinklingnPut a skillet over low heat and add 2 tablespoons of the butter. Toast the bread in the skillet until the underside is golden brown, a couple of minutes. Turn the bread over, toast the other side, then remove from the skillet and keep warm.nTo make the sauce, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over low heat. Sprinkle in the flour and whisk together until combined. Cook over low heat, stirring continuously, until the taste of the flour is cooked out, about 2 minutes.nPour in the beer and milk, whisking constantly to avoid lumps, and cook for an additional minute to thicken. Add the mustard, paprika, cayenne and Worcestershire sauce, then whisk some more. Add the cheese, whisking slowly, and cook until smooth, melted and very hot, a couple of minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the egg yolk.nLay a piece of toast on each plate, spoon the hot sauce over the toast and sprinkle with chopped chives., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 2 thin slices crusty bread, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup beer, 13 cup whole milk, 1 heaping teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 large egg yolk], title: Welsh Rarebit, picturelink: fbd2RREzNptFSTegnwF03goFn55vaC}, 2769: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the oil. When almost smoking, add the onions and garlic over mediumlow heat until the onions have wilted, about 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Raise heat to high and saute until mushrooms are tender and all the liquid has evaporated. Remove pan from heat and pour in Marsala. Return pan to stove and allow wine to evaporate, about 3 minutes. Add chicken broth and simmer for 12 hour until the sauce has reduced by half. Add heavy cream and mix well. Take the pan off the heat and add the fresh herbs and Parmesan and mix thoroughly., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound mixed mushrooms cremini, oyster, shiitake chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Marsala, 2 cups chicken broth, 13 cup heavy cream, 5 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup flatleaf Italian parsley, chopped, 12 to 34 cup grated Parmesan], title: Mushroom Ragu, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 2770: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLay chiles on their sides on rack of a gas burner and turn flame on high. Or put chiles on rack of broiler pan about 2 inches from heat. Roast chiles, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer chiles to a bowl and let stand, covered, 15 minutes.nRub skins off chiles with paper towels and discard stems and seeds if desired, devein to further reduce heat. Cut the chiles into 14inchthick strips.nBring cream with garlic just to a simmer and remove from heat. Peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 116inchthick slices using mandoline.nArrange onethird of potatoes evenly in bottom of a wellbuttered 1 12quart shallow baking dish, overlapping them slightly, and sprinkle with salt, to taste, and 12 of chiles. Repeat, ending with a layer of potatoes. Remove garlic from cream and pour cream over potatoes. Cover dish with foil and bake in lower third of oven 45 minutes. Remove foil and bake, basting the top occasionally, until gratin is golden brown on top and bubbling, about 30 minutes more. Cool slightly before serving.nCooks note: Gratin can be baked 1 day ahead, then cooled completely before being chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before reheating, covered, in a preheated 350 degree F oven., ingredients: [6 fresh green Anaheim or poblano chiles 34 pound, 2 cups heavy cream or halfandhalf, 1 large garlic clove, 2 pounds yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, Special equipment: a mandoline or other manual slicer], title: PotatoGreen Chile Gratin, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 2771: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. While this is coming to a boil prepare the remaining ingredients. When the water comes to a boil, add sugar snap peas and cook for about a minute or until crisp tender. Retrieve them from water with a sieve and run under cold water to stop the cooking. Pat dry and set aside. Add pasta to water and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. When pasta is done, drain and refresh under cold water. Pat dry. Combine in a bowl with green onion, mustard vinaigrette, smoked salmon and parsley. Season well to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [3 cups sugar snap peas, ends snapped off, 8 ounces fusilli corkscrew pasta, 1 green onion, cut on bias, in quill like shapes, 12 cup of a mustard vinaigrette, 12 pound smoked salmon cut into thin julienne, 12 cup, packed fresh parsley leaves, minced, Salt and pepper], title: Smoked Salmon, Sugar Snap Peas and Pasta, picturelink: null}, 2772: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees.nUsing a sharp knife remove the corn from the ear and place the cut corn into a bowl.nAdd the red pepper and onion to the corn.nCombine the milk and eggs and whisk well. Add the salt, pepper and cayenne to the milk, pour the corn mixture into the milk and stir well.nLightly butter a large casserole, individual souffle dishes or pudding cups with the butter.nPour the milkcorn mixture into the souffle dishes and place into a roasting pan. The puddings will be baked in a water bath to keep them light and delicate.nPlace the pan on the middle shelf of the oven and fill the roasting pan halfway with warm water. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and push the rack back into the oven.nCook the puddings for 35 to 40 minutes or until the puddings are firm but not rubbery., ingredients: [6 ears white corn, 1 sweet red pepper, ribs and seeds removed, finely diced, about 12 cup, 1 small vidalia onion, grated, about 12 cup, 2 cups milk, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons butter], title: White Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 2773: {instructions: In a large saute pan, melt the butter and then add the brown sugar, salt, and pecans, in that order, with a stir between each. Stir on mediumhigh as bubbles form, and continue to stir until the sugar is dissolved as much as possible and the coating on the pecans becomes sticky, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and spread the mixture onto a baking sheet to cool. Refrigerate for about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a bowl, whisk together the heavy cream, buttermilk, sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk, and vanilla extract. Use a spatula to release the pecans from the cooled sheet. Add the cooled pecans to the bowl and stir. Make the ice cream one of the following ways:n1. Get fancy and put it in your home ice cream maker and prepare according to the manufacturers instructions. Place in an air tight 2quart container and freeze for at least 5 hours, stirring every 30 minutes for the first 2 hours, then every hour for 3 more hours.n2. Add 2 cups ice and 12 cup coarse sea salt to a large plastic storage container. Pour the ice cream mixture into a 1gallon plastic storage bag and seal, squeezing out as much air as possible. Place this bag in the plastic storage container and cover with the lid. Shake vigorously for 10 to 15 minutes. Add more ice and salt if needed halfway through the spin cycle. Depends on your shakin Once the shaking is done and youve checked for the right texture for your ice cream, remove the bag from the container and rinse off quickly in cold water. Open and scoop ice cream out, or cut a hole in the corner of the bag and squeeze it out., ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups buttermilk, 12 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 5 13ounce can evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Sunnys Butter Pecan Ice Cream, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 2774: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees.nCombine 12 cup of the sugar and kosher salt and pour it over a flat surface such as a wooden board or marble slab. Unfold the sheet of puff pastry onto the sugar mixture.nCombine 12 cup of the sugar and the cinnamon and spread it evenly on the puff pastry. This is not about sprinkling, its about an even covering of sugar. With a rolling pin, lightly roll the dough until its a 13inch square and the sugar is pressed into the puff pastry on top and bottom. Fold the sides of the square toward the center so they go halfway to the middle. Fold them again so the two folds meet exactly at the middle of the dough. Then fold one half over the other half as though closing a book. You will have 6 layers. Slice the dough into 38inch slices and place the slices, cut side up, on baking sheets lined with parchment paper.nBake the cookies for 6 minutes, or until caramelized and brown on the bottom, then turn with a spatula and bake for another 3 to 5 minutes, until caramelized on the other side. Transfer to a baking rack to cool., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, divided, Pinch kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 sheet puff pastry, defrosted recommended: Pepperidge Farm], title: Cinnamon Elephant Ears, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 2775: {instructions: Drain the beans, cover with fresh water and bring to a boil. Simmer for about 1 hour.nDrain and rinse the beans, then transfer them to a slow cooker insert. Add the tomato puree, brown sugar, molasses, dry mustard, bacon, onion and 1 12 cups water and stir to combine. Cook on low until the sauce is thick and syrupy, 8 to 10 hours.nBefore serving, stir in the cider vinegar and season to taste with salt., ingredients: [1 bag dried navy beans, soaked overnight, One 6ounce can tomato puree, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 8 slices bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large onion, diced, 14 cup cider vinegar, Kosher salt], title: Slow Cooker Baked Beans, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 2776: {instructions: 1. Grate 1 clove garlic into the mayonnaise with a rasp grater and set aside.n2. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Chop the remaining 2 cloves garlic, add to the onions, and cook 2 minutes more. Let cool slightly.n3. Meanwhile, mix the ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, tomato sauce, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves in a large bowl. Stir in the raisins, green olives, and almonds, then the onions and garlic mix gently until just incorporated.n4. Wipe out the skillet, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, and set over mediumhigh heat. Divide the meat into 8 equal portions. Brown each side, about 4 minutes for medium. Serve on the potato rolls with a smear of the garlic mayonnaise and top with pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 ounces ground beef, Kosher salt, 14 cup tomato sauce, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch ground cloves, 14 cup raisins, roughly chopped, 14 cup green olives, roughly chopped, 14 cup slivered almonds, coarsely chopped, 8 potato rolls, Pickled jalapenos, for serving], title: Picadillo Sliders, picturelink: cQoa9vqgsuE0nxGyK2s7NN9fHH966a}, 2777: {instructions: Peel the bottom third of the asparagus stalks with a vegetable peeler. Snap each stalk where it breaks naturally reserve 4 of the peeled bottoms for crostini below. Thinly slice 6 asparagus bottoms and place the rest of the bottoms in a saucepan with 8 cups water and the thyme to make asparagus broth bring to a simmer.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until glossy, about 1 minute. Add 1 14 teaspoons salt. Pour in the wine and stir until absorbed. Stir in 12 cup of the asparagus broth until absorbed use a ladle to add the broth, keeping the solids in the pan. Continue to add broth in 12cup increments, stirring constantly and allowing the liquid to be absorbed before adding more, about 10 minutes. You should have about half the broth left. Stir in the sliced asparagus bottoms and the lemon zest. Add the remaining broth, 12 cup at a time, until the rice is just tender, 5 to 8 more minutes.nMeanwhile, place the asparagus tips in a large skillet, cover with water and season with salt and pepper. Simmer over mediumhigh heat until just tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, the parmesan and lemon juice to the risotto. Stir in the lettuce, remove from the heat and season with salt. Divide among bowls, top with the robiola and season with pepper. Drizzle the asparagus tips with olive oil and spoon over the risotto.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [2 bunches thick asparagus about 2 pounds, 1 sprig fresh thyme or lemon thyme, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, diced, 2 cups arborio rice, Kosher salt, 13 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 head Bibb lettuce, cut into strips, 8 ounces robiola or taleggio cheese, thinly sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Risotto with Asparagus, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 2778: {instructions: Set oven to 425 degrees F.nDrizzle a small baking sheet with extravirgin olive oil and unroll the dough, press out to a slightly larger rectangular shape. Prick the dough all over in several places with the tines of a fork. Drizzle a little extravirgin olive oil on the top of the bread and spread around evenly with a pastry brush. Season the bread with a little salt, a tablespoon of sugar and the rosemary. Bake bread until evenly deepgolden all over, 16 to 18 minutes.nBeat ricotta cheese with honey and zest until smooth. Ready the cherries, pittng and halving them.nDot the hot bread with ricotta and top with cherries, cut and serve., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tube store bought pizza dough rolls out to a rectangle, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary, 3 sprigs, finely chopped, 2 cups whole milk ricotta, 13 cup honey, eyeball it, 1 orange, zested, 34 pound large red or black cherries, pitted and halved], title: Ricotta and Cherry Focaccia Pizza, picturelink: null}, 2779: {instructions: Mix 12 cup each ricotta, chopped artichoke hearts and pesto with 14 cup grated parmesan, and salt and pepper. Spread on focaccia and top with mozzarella. Bake 10 minutes at 375 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: ArtichokePesto Bites, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 2780: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, beat the eggs, Romano, milk, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 pepper with a whisk. In a 12inch nonstick skillet with an ovensafe handle, melt the butter on mediumhigh heat. Stir in the asparagus and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt, and cook 4 minutes. Add the green onions, and cook 2 minutes, stirring often. Spread the vegetable mixture evenly in the skillet.nReduce the heat to mediumlow. Pour the egg mixture into the skillet and cook without stirring until the mixture starts to set around the edge, 4 to 5 minutes. Place the skillet in the oven and bake until set, about 10 minutes. Invert the frittata onto a serving plate and cut into wedges.nNutritional information per serving: about 253 calories, 18 g protein, 5 g carbohydrate, 16 g total fat 7 g saturated, 1 g fiber, 443 mg cholesterol, 580 mg sodium, ingredients: [12 large eggs, 34 cup grated Romano cheese, 12 cup reducedfat 2percent milk, 34 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced], title: AsparagusRomano Frittata, picturelink: null}, 2781: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 martini glasses a cocktail shakernCombine the Gingerbread Simple Syrup, halfandhalf, coffee and vanilla in a pitcher and stir to combine. Spread the brown sugar on a plate, moisten the rims of 12 martini glasses with water or some Gingerbread Simple Syrup and then dip into the brown sugar. Divide the KidTini among the glasses. Garnish each glass with an orange wedge and a gingerbread cookie, and serve.nCombine the sugar with 4 cups water, the molasses, ginger, cinnamon and cloves in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat cook until all the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool for at least 1 hour. Once cool, strain the mixture and refrigerate, covered, until ready to use., ingredients: [12 ounces Gingerbread Simple Syrup, plus for the glasses, recipe follows, 12 ounces halfandhalf, 6 ounces cold coffee or coffee flavoring, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Brown sugar, for decorating the glasses, 12 orange wedges, for garnish, 12 gingerbread cookies, for garnish, 4 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons mild molasses, One 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 teaspoons whole cloves], title: Gingerbread KidTini, picturelink: IFbOGThm61AxmR.ZDh3cU3RT0ojQtPm}, 2782: {instructions: Combine the lemon juice, Dijon mustard, dried oregano, salt, and pepper in a bowl and whisk to combine. Slowly whisk in olive oil until emulsified. Add the mesclun greens to bowl with dressing and toss. Put greens on platter and set bowl aside with leftover dressing, to drizzle over other ingredients at end.nSlice tuna steaks on bias and arrange on top of greens. Scatter the olives and cherry or grape tomatoes over the salad. Add the reserved, cooked and cut Yukon gold potatoes and reserved green beans. Drain capers and scatter on top of greens. With kitchen shears, snip the parsley over the salad. Sprinkle shredded Parmesan over top of salad along with any leftover dressing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cups mesclun greens, 2 8ounce tuna steaks, grilled, 12 cup pitted Nicoise olives, halved lengthwise, 1 cup whole or sliced grape or cherry tomatoes, 1 pound reserved Yukon gold potatoes, parboiled and cut into chunks, 1 cup green beans, cooked, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup shredded or grated Parmesan], title: Tuna Nicoise Salad with Parmesan, picturelink: spO413eRmE3F3AM3YXXv5oF4ReiT1za}, 2783: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat.nIf using jarred grape leaves, rinse well. If using fresh grape leaves, boil about 5 minutes until they change color and soften.nMix the kumquats, dill, garlic, chili paste, salt, and paprika together in a bowl. Lay a grape leaf out on a cutting board and spread about 2 teaspoons of the kumquat mixture in the center. Lay a piece of salmon on top of the mixture and roll it in the grape leaf by folding the bottom part of the leaf over the fish and then the sides and rolling the fish so it is completely covered.nGrill the salmon about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove the grape leaf packages from the grill and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 grape leaves, fresh or jarred, 5 preserved kumquats, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped dill, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chili paste, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sweet Moroccan paprika, 6 4ounce salmon fillets], title: Grilled Grape Leaf Wrapped Salmon, picturelink: null}, 2784: {instructions: Combine the vanilla beans and vodka in a jar tall enough to hold the vanilla beans. Allow the mixture to sit at room temperature for at least a month until the vodka becomes vanilla extract and the beans are soft enough to cut the end and squeeze the seeds out. Add more vanilla or beans, as needed. The extract can sit at room temperature indefinitely., ingredients: [12 vanilla beans, 1 bottle vodka], title: Vanilla Extract, picturelink: null}, 2785: {instructions: The first thing you have to do is clean the mussels. Put them in a colander and rinse them under cold running water to remove any sand and grit. Mussels often have little threads that look like seaweed hanging off them called beards. Rip them off. The mussels should be closed discard any that are open.nHeat 14 cup olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and chile pepper and cook for a minute. Add the mussels, wine, and salt and pepper to taste and stir together. Bring to a simmer and cover with a lid, allowing the mussels to steam open, which should take about 5 minutes. Cook until all of the mussels are fully opened. Discard any unopened mussels. Let this cool down a bit. Remove and discard the garlic. When the mussels are cool enough to handle, shell them and discard the shells. Put the mussels in their broth and set aside.nIn another large saucepan, heat the remaining 14 cup olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, butternut squash, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the onion gets slightly golden, about 8 minutes. Add the pasta and mix together. Add 3 cups water, bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the pasta is done and the squash is forktender, about 12 minutes. Eyeball it here: If your ingredients need to cook longer and you need more liquid, add more water. If you want to give the soup a creamier consistency, mash half of the squash with the back of a fork.nAdd the mussels and broth to the squash and pasta mixture let it simmer for about 5 minutes to combine the flavors. Remove from the heat and add the Parmigiano before serving. Top with the parsley.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 pounds fresh mussels, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 fresh chile pepper, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 onion, chopped, 10 ounces butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cubed about 2 cups, 7 ounces ditalini pasta, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping optional], title: Butternut Squash and Mussel Soup, picturelink: aGdQ4rC6Otl3usGCHUiy9U3ALi8kJOO}, 2786: {instructions: Mix the honey, soy, lime juice and oils in a medium bowl. Add cucumbers and shrimp and toss to coat. Season the salad with salt and garnish with sesame seeds. Serve shrimp with lettuce, to wrap and crunch on spoonfuls of salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 seedless cucumber, peeled and chopped, 1 pound cooked medium shrimp, tails removed, Salt, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 12 head iceberg lettuce, cut into wedges], title: SesameLime Shrimp Salad with Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 2787: {instructions: Boil water. Do not shuck corn. Add corn to the water and cook for 10 minutes. Strain water. Shuck corn. Serve with butter and salt, to taste., ingredients: [6 ears corn, 1 pot water, 1 stick butter, Salt, to taste], title: Corn on the Cob, picturelink: null}, 2788: {instructions: Place yeast, flour, salt sugar and rosemary in mixer with bread hook attachment. Make sure that salt is separated by flour. Start mixer on 1st speed to combine dry ingredients. Then, gradually add water, and then add olive oil. Stop mixer to check dough. All the flour should be incorporated. Mix more if necessary. Allow dough to rise again until it has doubled in size about 30 to 40 minutes. Punch down dough with your hands. Roll dough out with a rolling pin so that it fits the size of the sheet pan, and is about 34 inch thick. Lightly oil top of dough with olive oil. Let dough rise again for about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Press dimples into dough with fingers and sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake until done about 20 to 30 minutes or golden brown., ingredients: [1 12 ounces yeast, 2 12 pounds flour, 34 ounce salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup fresh rosemary leaves, 2 to 2 12 cups water 105 to 110 degrees, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus oil to grease pan and brush on top of dough], title: Focaccia Bread, picturelink: null}, 2789: {instructions: To make the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray the ring mold pan with the nonstick cooking spray, set aside. Slice off the top 13 of the head of garlic. Place on a piece of aluminum foil and spray lightly with cooking spray. Place in the oven and roast for 45 minutes.nWhile the garlic is in the oven, start the meatloaf: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, and apples, cook until softened, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer the vegetables to a large bowl. Add the remaining meatloaf ingredients and mix well. Place the meatloaf mixture in the prepared ring mold. Bake until cooked through, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile: make the mashed potatoes: In a large saucepan, cover the potatoes with cold water and add 1 teaspoon of the salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook until fork tender, about 30 to 60 minutes depending upon the size of the potatoes. Weve found that boiling the potatoes whole, with the skin on gives the potatoes more potato flavor.nHalve the potatoes crosswise. Put the halves in a ricer cutside down, and press the potato through the ricer into a bowl. The flesh should easily pass through the holes and the skins remain in the ricer. Discard the skin, and repeat with the remaining potatoes. Alternatively, peel the cooked potatoes and put through a food mill or mash with a handheld potato masher. Immediately add the buttermilk and roasted garlic, to taste, and combine well. Season with the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and pepper, to taste.nWhen the meatloaf is done, turn on the broiler. Invert the ring mold onto an ovenproof platter, or, if a baking sheet was used, carefully transfer meatloaf to the platter using a large spatula. Using a spatula, cover the meatloaf on all sides with mashed potatoes, as if frosting a cake. If using a pastry bag, add decorative swirls to the top. Place the platter under the broiler until potatoes are nicely browned, about 12 minutes.nTo make the chutney: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl.nSpecial Equipment: large ring mold pan, pastry bag and tip optional .nCooks Note: Yukon gold potatoes have a great buttery appearance when mashed which is a great way to fool the eye when cooking and eating lower fat foods., ingredients: [1 head garlic, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 apple, peeled, cored, and chopped, 2 pounds ground turkey breast, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup cornbread stuffing cubes, 1 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 2 egg whites, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, whole with skin, scrubbed see Cooks note, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 23 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, Freshly ground white pepper, Orange segments, from 2 large oranges, 1 cup whole cranberry sauce, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon cayenne], title: Turkey Meatloaf with Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 2790: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl mix butter until fluffy. Add half the flour, then add, in order: brown sugar, lemon zest and juice, and egg. To remaining flour add baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and cloves. Mix until just incorporated. Fold in cherries and pour into ungreased 8 by 8inch pan. Using a spoon, equally dollop preserves on top of batter and using a toothpick or skewer, drag the tip through the preserves to create a swirl pattern on top. Bake for 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean cake will be moist to the touch. Once cool, cut into squares and dust with powdered sugar to serve., ingredients: [14 cup butter, softened, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 34 cup assorted cherries, pitted and chopped, 14 cup mixed berry preserves, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Cherry Berry Bars, picturelink: null}, 2791: {instructions: For the hollandaise sauce: Fill a medium saucepan or the bottom half of a double boiler with 2 inches of water and bring to a simmer. In a medium bowl that fits snugly into the saucepan without touching the bottom or in the top half of a double boiler, whisk together the egg yolks, lemon juice and 1 tablespoon water.nSet the bowl over the simmering water and cook over very low heat, whisking constantly, until the egg yolk mixture is very pale and thick, about 3 minutes if it begins to heat too quickly and threatens to get lumpy, remove the bowl from the saucepan and whisk for a while before setting it back over the simmering water. When ready, you should be able to see the bottom of the bowl with every whisk stroke. Continue whisking while adding the softened butter a little at a time. When all of the butter has been incorporated, add the white pepper and salt to taste. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and set it into a warm bowl of hot water to keep the sauce warm stir occasionally while you are poaching the eggs.nFor the poached eggs: Fill an egg poaching pan with 1 inch of water. Cover and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Lightly grease the poaching cups with butter. Crack the eggs into the cups and set the cups into the poaching pan. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover and cook to your desired donenessu00bf3 minutes for perfect runny poached eggs.nTo serve: Set two toasted muffins halves on each plate. Top each with smoked salmon and a poached egg. Spoon 2 to 3 tablespoons of hollandaise sauce over each egg. Garnish with red and yellow peppers and a sprinkling of chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, room temperature, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 small pinches white pepper, Fine sea salt, Unsalted butter or nonstick spray, for greasing cups, 8 eggs, 4 English muffins, split and toasted, 8 ounces Irish smoked salmon, sliced, or 8 slices prosciutto, 12 small red pepper, finely diced, 12 small yellow pepper, finely diced, 2 chives, finely chopped], title: Eggs Benedict, picturelink: 9NcHn6W06APuLg9HlmkxQVjjNdLTEo2}, 2792: {instructions: Bring a pot of generously salted water to a rapid boil. Add the orzo and cook according to package directions, adding the corn in the last minute of cooking, until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain and transfer to a medium bowl. Set aside.nPour the lime juice over the avocado and coat evenly this will minimize discoloration. Whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, sugar, cumin, and 12 teaspoon salt. Drizzle over the orzo and add the avocado with lime juice, tomatoes, and parsley. Mix until combined and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup wholewheat orzo pasta, 3 ears corn, shucked and kernels removed from cob about 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 avocado, diced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Orzo Salad, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 2793: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 12cup muffin tin with butter and set aside.nPut the butter and baking mix in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the cheese, buttermilk, cream and pimientos and pulse until just combined.nUsing 2 spoons, drop 14cup quantities of dough into the cups of the prepared muffin tin. Brush with buttermilk if desired. Bake until golden on top, 20 to 25 minutes.nSlice the biscuits in half. Spread some mustard onto the bottom half of each biscuit. Top with sliced ham and cover with the biscuit tops.nAdjust the oven racks to accommodate a large covered roasting pan. Fit the pan with a shallow rack. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUnwrap the ham and rinse it in cold water. Place it on the rack in the roasting pan. Cover the pan with the lid and bake for half the estimated cooking time total cooking time is about 20 minutes per pound, so 6 hours to 6 hours 40 minutes total.nHalfway through the estimated cooking time, add the sugar and honey to a saucepan, cooking over medium heat until smooth and the sugar is dissolved. Pour the mixture over the ham and continue baking the ham, basting occasionally with the drippings in the roaster. Check for doneness at the end of the estimated cooking time by inserting a meat thermometer at a meaty point not into fat or touching the bone. It should register 160 degrees F. Allow the ham to stand for 15 minutes before slicing to allow the juices to set., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing the muffin tin, 2 cups baking mix, such as Bisquick, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, plus more for brushing if desired, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces pimientos, drained, Country Dijon mustard, for serving, 1 pound Baked Ham with Brown Sugar Honey Glaze, thinly sliced, recipe follows, One 18 to 20pound smoked ham, water added, ham hock removed, One 16ounce box light brown sugar, 1 cup one 8ounce jar clover honey], title: Ham And Pimiento Cheese Drop Biscuit Sandwiches, picturelink: pAEpV2jEYGc4E.jMZFxfdr8o7qgADcS}, 2794: {instructions: Special equipment: Two 17 12 x 11 12 inch jelly roll pans Instant read thermometer 14 x 4 inch piece of corregated cardboard wrapped in foilnForm the sheet of frozen yogurt: Line the bottom and sides of one of the pans with aluminum foil. If the frozen yogurt is rock hard, refrigerate it briefly until softened slightly it must be scoopable but still very firm. Note that frozen yogurt melts much more quickly than ice cream, so it must be very firm when you begin to work with it. Distribute scoops of yogurt all over the pan. Working quickly and leaving about 4 inches at one end of the pan uncovered, spread the yogurt evenly in the pan by mashing the scoops with the back of a large spoon and pushing them together. Cover with foil and freeze at least several hours or until needed.nMake the cocoa souffle sheet: Position the rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of the second pan with a piece of parchment or wax paper.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg yolks with vanilla and 12 cup of the sugar until pale and thick. Set aside.nIn a separate mixing bowl, with clean dry beater, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually sprinkle in the remaining sugar, continue to beat at high speed until stiff but not dry. Mix a quarter of the egg whites into the yolk mixture to lighten it. Scrape the remaining whites into the bowl and sift the cocoa over them. Fold until completely incorporated.nSpread the batter evenly in the pan and bake until the pastry springs back when gently pressed with fingertips, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool completely, in the pan on a wire rack.nSprinkle a large sheet of foil with cocoa. Run a small knife or metal spatula around the edges of the cocoa pastry to detach it from the pan. Invert the cocoa pastry onto the foil sheet. Remove the pan and peel the paper pan liner from the cocoa pastry.nAssemble the roll: Remove the sheet of frozen yogurt from the freezer and remove the foil covering. Center and invert the yogurt sheet on top of the cocoa souffle sheet. Remove the pan and the foil. The long edges should be lined up and but there should be 2 inches of cocoa souffle exposed at each end.nFold the exposed pastry over the yogurt at one end of the sheet. Continue to roll the pastry and yogurt up together, using the foil underneath as an aid as necessary. Do not worry if there is some initial cracking as you roll, however, if the yogurt is much too stiff to roll, wait a few minutes until it is pliable. Wrap the roll in foil and return to the freezer overnight or until hard.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nMake the meringue topping: Bring 1inch of water to a simmer in a large saucepan. Combine the water, cream of tartar and sugar in a 6 to 8 cup stainless bowl. Whisk in the egg whites. Place thermometer near stove in a mug of very hot tap water. Set bowl in saucepan. Stir mixture briskly and constantly with a rubber spatula, scraping the sides and bottom often to avoid scrambling the egg white. After 1 12 minutes, remove the bowl from the skillet. Quickly insert thermometer, tilting bowl to cover stem by at least 2 inches. If less than 160 degrees F, rinse thermometer in simmering skillet water and return it to mug. Replace the bowl in skillet. Stir as before until temperature reaches 160 degrees F when bowl is removed. Beat on high speed until cool and stiff. Set aside.nRemove the frozen roll from the freezer and unwrap it. Place the roll on the foil wrapped cardboard. Use a metal spatula to cover the roll completely with a thick coating of meringue topping. Leave no cake exposed and be sure that the meringue touches the foiled cardboard all along the base of the roll. Use a fork to texture the meringue to resemble tree bark. Transfer the buche on its foiled base to a baking sheet. Sieve powdered sugar over the buche. Bake just until golden, 4 to 6 minutes, watching carefully. Slide a wide spatula or pancake turner under the foiled cardboard and transfer the buche to a serving platter. Serve immediately with Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce, if desired.nCombine the sugar and cocoa in a heavy bottomed medium saucepan. Whisk in just enough buttermilk to form a smooth paste. Whisk in the remaining buttermilk. Cook over medium heat until the mixture simmers and begins to boil, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, scraping the sides and bottom of the pan. Boil gently for 3 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent burning. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Cool. Serve at room temperature or slightly warm. Sauce may be stored in the refrigerator up to one week., ingredients: [1 quart good quality coffee frozen yogurt or low fat ice cream, 6 large eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup Dutch Process cocoa, Additional cocoa for dusting, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 teaspoon water, 12 cup sugar, 3 egg whites, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce, optional, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup Dutch process cocoa, 1 14 cup lowfat 1 percent buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Buche de Noel Glace, picturelink: null}, 2795: {instructions: Separate and peel garlic cloves. To facilitate, you can soak the separated cloves in enough warm water to cover for 12 hour. Cut the peeled cloves into broad, thin slices.nPlace 12 tablespoons of the olive oil in a very wide saute pan or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the sliced garlic, reserving about 4 cloves worth of slices for later. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is almost brown about 5 minutes.nWhile the garlic is cooking, place the contents of the 2 cans of tomatoes in a colander and, working over a sink, squeeze the tomatoes in your hands until the tomatoes are a coarse pulp.nWhen the garlic is almost brown, add tomatoes to the pan. Add 12 cup shredded basil. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, uncovered, then remove from heat and reserve.nOpen the 12 large clams with a clam knife, reserving juice. Chop coarsely and reserve.nAdd the spaghetti to a large pot of salted boiling water. Cook until al dente about 10 minutes. When pasta is done, drain through colander. Toss the hot linguine in colander with a little olive oil.nPlace the remaining 4 tablespoons of olive oil in the now empty pasta pot over high heat. Add the reserved 4 cloves of garlic cut in thin slices. Saute until almost brown. Add Manilla clams. Add another 12 cup of shredded basil. Add half of the reserved tomato sauce. Add a little bit of the reserved clam juice. Cover the pot and cook until the clams open. As soon as the clams open, add chopped clams and spaghetti. Mix well. Add additional sauce if desired. Add the remaining basil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Turn out onto large pasta platter. Garnish with extra sprigs of basil. Serve immediately.nSuggested drink: Gai, Trebbiano dei Colli Martani, Rocca di Fabbri, ingredients: [2 large heads of garlic, 1 cup mediumquality extravirgin olive oil, plus a little extra for drizzling, 2 28ounce cans whole tomatoes preferably Muir Glen from California, 1 12 cups shredded fresh basil, plus a few sprigs for garnish, 12 very large clams, each one 8 to 10 ounces, 1 pound spaghetti, 2 pounds Manilla clams or New Zealand cockles, washed], title: Spaghetti with Red Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2796: {instructions: In large skillet or a wok heat the vegetable oil until hot. Add the shrimp, onion, carrot, cabbage and mushrooms and quickly stir fry while combining the ingredients. Add the pepper flakes, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar, adjust the seasoning and pour out onto a cookie sheet to cool. When the mixture is cool begin making the dumplings by laying out one wonton, brush the edge with water, put 1 teaspoon of the filling into the middle and fold the edge over on the diagonal to from a packet. Trim the edges to eliminate the square corners. Dust the finished dumplings with a light coating of cornstarch to prevent sticking before cooking. Refrigerate until ready to cook.nTo cook the finished dumplings, bring water to a boil in a large skillet in which a steamer basket may be nestled. When the water is boiling, insert the basket with the dumplings and steam for 6 minutes or until fully cooked. The dough will change color and texture when cooked. Serve with sweet mustard dip., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 pound raw shrimp, peeled deveined and roughly chopped, 12 cup chopped white onion, 1 large carrot finely chopped about 13 cup, 1 cup chopped green cabbage, 12 cup shiitake mushroom caps, thinly sliced and chopped, 12 teaspoon dry chili pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup low sodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 pack wonton wrappers, preferably round], title: Shrimp and Vegetable Steamed Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 2797: {instructions: Gather a long sheet of tin foil and scrunch it up into the shape of a cornucopia solid form, approximately 12inches long, and as thick as you desire. Make it big, so you can add lots of desserts or other foods.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nNext, roll out puff pastry and cut into 1 inch strips. Begin constructing the cornucopia by wrapping each strip of pastry around and around the tin foil. After approximately 20 strips, the entire foil inner will be covered. Cut out decorative leaves with the remainder of dough and decorate the top of the cornocopia.nWhen its finished brush with egg wash. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes.nOnce it has cooled, pull the inner tin foil out from the inside. You can fill it with brownies, squares, and cookies., ingredients: [1 egg white beaten, 1 box puff pastry, 1 box tin foil], title: Kims Puff Pastry Cornucopia, picturelink: null}, 2798: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring some water to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Have ready 2 mixing bowls that will fit over the top of the pan but not sink all the way in.nPut the egg yolks in one of the mixing bowls off heat. Add 14 cup of the sugar and whisk until the yolks start to turn pale. Place the mixing bowl over the saucepan with the simmering water. Slowly add 12 cup of the Marsala wine and whisk to combine. Cook over the simmering water until thick, using a rubber spatula to scrape the bowl, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cool.nPut the white chocolate in the second bowl and melt over the pan of water. Set aside to cool.nPut the mascarpone in a bowl and stir until smooth. Pour in the cooled white chocolate and mix to combine.nCombine the cream and remaining 14 cup sugar in a mixer and whip until not quite stiff. Add the mascarponewhite chocolate mixture and chilled egg yolk mixture to the bowl of whipped cream and fold gently. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nPut the brewed espresso, vanilla and remaining 14 cup Marsala in a bowl or measuring cup. Arrange about a third of the ladyfingers in a single layer in a 9by13inch pan. Spoon a small amount of the coffee mixture over each ladyfinger keep it under 1 tablespoon per cookie and youll be fine. Plop onethird of the cold cream mixture on top and spread it into a layer. Make a layer of onethird of the halved strawberries and grate over some semisweet chocolate. Repeat the layers 2 more times.nCover and refrigerate for a few hours before serving this allows for more moisture to soften the cookies and the whole mixture to meld together. To serve, spoon out helpings onto individual plates. Top with Chocolate Curls.nPut the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl with the vegetable shortening and microwave until melted and hot, 30 to 45 seconds. Stir to combine.nPour the melted chocolate mixture onto the underside of a clean baking sheet and then spread it in a very thin layer with an offset spatula or knife. Put in the freezer for a few minutes.nAfter a few minutes, check to see if it is set by pressing with your fingertip it should leave the slightest mark but not a depression. Using a sharpedged spatula, begin to scrape the chocolate from the bottom of the baking sheetit will curl. Transfer the curls to a cold pan or plate and put in the freezer to harden. Store in the freezer in a ziptop bag until needed., ingredients: [5 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup Marsala wine, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, softened at room temperature, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 12 cups brewed espresso or very strong coffee, cooled, 1 tablespoon vanilla, One 7ounce package savoiardi or ladyfingers, 2 cups halved strawberries, 1 square semisweet chocolate, for grating, Chocolate Curls, recipe follows, for topping, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening], title: Triple Chocolate Tiramisu, picturelink: fbd2RREzNptFSTegnwF03goFn55vaC}, 2799: {instructions: Fill large martini glass with crushed ice and set aside. Reserve one mint sprig for garnish. Remove and discard stems from remaining mint and place leaves in a small bowl. Add sugar, and, using back of a spoon, crush mint stir, adding a few drops of water so the sugar fully dissolves. Add small amount of ice, then the liquors. Stir to combine, and strain mixture into glass. Garnish with mint sprig., ingredients: [5 large fresh mint sprigs, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, Dash of water, 2 ounces bourbon, preferably Makers Mark, 12 ounce peppermint schnapps], title: Smiths Mint Julep, picturelink: null}, 2800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the cookie dough out on a cookie sheet to 14inch thickness about 9 inches by 12 inches using your fingertips. Bake for 25 minutes. Let cool.nSpread the marmalade over the cookie. Sprinkle with nuts.nIn a double boiler over very lightly simmering water, melt the chocolate. Dip a spoon in the melted chocolate and drizzle on top of the cookie. Let cool. Cut the cookie into 12 bars or squares. Serve or store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 package store bought sugar cookie dough, 1 cup orange marmalade, 1 12 cups assorted nuts, toasted and chopped try hazelnuts, almonds, and walnuts, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or chopped chocolate], title: Orange and Nut Squares, picturelink: k4gaDo82pvSOrkv29NeKKioIix.Guke}, 2801: {instructions: Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the millet, and simmer, covered, until the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease an 8inch square baking dish.nStir together the milk, garlic, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small saucepan, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Mix the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water, stir the cornstarch slurry into the milk mixture and bring to a slight boil to thicken slightly. Stir in the corn, Gruyere and chives.nPlace the millet in the prepared baking dish. Pour the corn mixture over it, and sprinkle with Gruyere, if using. Bake until all the liquid is absorbed and the cheese is melted, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup whole millet, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 2 cups nonfat milk or dairyfree milk, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 12 cups corn kernels, thawed if frozen, 14 cup Gruyere cheese, plus more for sprinkling, optional, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Baked CornChive Millet, picturelink: null}, 2802: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees and generously oil 2 large baking sheets. Arrange potatoes in 1 layer on sheets. Brush tops with oil and sprinkle with rosemary and salt and pepper, to taste. Roast potatoes in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until golden and edges are crisp, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 pound red potatoes, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary], title: Crisp Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 2803: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly dust a clean work surface with flour, and roll out pate brisee to a 18inch thickness. Fit into a 9inch deepdish pie plate. Trim pastry using scissors or a sharp paring knife. Crimp or decorate edges of pastry if desired. Chill for 30 minutes.nCarefully line pastry with parchment paper, pressing it into corners and edges, and weight with beans, rice, or aluminum or ceramic weights. Bake until pastry begins to color around edges, about 15 minutes. Remove paper and weights, and continue to bake just until pastry dries out and turns golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more.nCool completely on a wire rack. The baked shell can be stored in airtight containers or well wrapped in plastic in the freezer for up to 1 month.nPrepare an icewater bath set aside. Make the custard: In a medium bowl, whisk together egg yolks, granulated sugar, cornstarch, and salt. In a medium saucepan, bring milk just to a boil. Remove from heat, and whisk about 12 cup of hot milk into yolk mixture. Whisk yolk mixture into saucepan of hot milk. Place over mediumhigh heat, and bring to a gentle boil, whisking constantly. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from heat, and whisk in butter, 1 piece at a time, until melted. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla, and whisk until smooth. Immediately strain through a finemesh sieve into a medium bowl. Place bowl of custard in ice bath to cool, stirring occasionally.nPeel bananas, and slice 14 nch thick. Add lemon juice, and toss gently to coat. Arrange in an even layer in bottom of baked piecrust. Scrape cooled custard over bananas, and smooth top with a spatula. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat cream on mediumlow speed for 30 seconds. Increase speed to mediumhigh and add confectioners sugar and remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla. Beat until soft peaks form. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip Ateco 32. Pipe cream over custard in large rosettes, covering it completely. Serve immediately.nPate Brisee Pie Dough:n2 12 cups allpurpose flourn1 teaspoon saltn1 teaspoon sugarn1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small piecesn14 to 12 cup ice waternIn the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds.nWith machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream through feed tube. Pulse until dough holds together without being wet or sticky be careful not to process more than 30 seconds. To test, squeeze a small amount together: If it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time.nDivide dough into 2 equal balls. Flatten each ball into a disk, and wrap in plastic. Transfer to the refrigerator, and chill at least 1 hour. Dough may be stored, frozen, up to 1 month.nYield: 1 doublecrust or 2 single crusts 9 to 10inch, ingredients: [12 recipe Pate Brisee, recipe follows, 5 large egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups whole milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 ripe bananas, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 34 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, Allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 2804: {}, 2805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTrim any excess fat on the lamb racks and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and put the racks in the hot pan, fat side up. Sear until browned, then flip and sear on the fat side until golden brown. Stand the racks up in the pan, crisscrossing the bones with the fatty side out. Put the pan in the oven to roast until the internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let the lamb rest on a cutting board for at least 5 minutes. Slice into single or double chops 2 rib bones.nTo make the sauce, finely chop the pineapple, reserving any juices that are released it should resemble canned crushed pineapple. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the pineapple and its juice, the mint bundle and water to the saucepan and simmer over low heat until the pineapple is broken down and the liquid has thickened, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the mint bundle and discard stir the chopped mint into the sauce and transfer to a serving bowl.nServe the lamb chops on a platter topped with the pineapple mint sauce spooned over the top., ingredients: [2 whole racks of lamb 8 chops each, about 2 pounds, frenched, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 fresh pineapple, peeled and cored, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 small bunch fresh mint, tied with kitchen string, plus 14 cup leaves, finely chopped, 12 cup water], title: Lamb with Pineapple Mint Sauce, picturelink: mw4GyBHl21QZiHHC6wLWD6pxWVcwNe}, 2806: {instructions: Make the dark chocolate truffle hearts. Place 8 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate in a small bowl. Heat 34 cup heavy cream in a small saucepan over a medium heat. Bring to a boil. Pour the boiling cream over the chopped chocolate. Set aside for 5 minutes before stirring with a whisk until smooth. Pour the mixture called ganache onto a nonstick baking sheet and use a rubber spatula to spread the ganache in a smooth, even layer to within about an inch of the inside edges of the pan. Place the ganache in the freezer for 15 minutes, or in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, until firm to the touch. Line a 10 to 12inch dinner plate with parchment paper or waxed paper. Remove the firm ganache from the freezer or the refrigerator. Portion 12 heaping tablespoons a bit more than an ounce each of ganache onto the paper. Wearing a pair of disposable vinyl or latex gloves, individually roll each portion of ganache in your palms in a circular motion, using just enough gentle pressure to form a smooth orb. This is a traditional truffle. You should refrain from indulging in them since absence of a truffle in a cake will make the heart grow darker. Return each formed truffle onto the paper lined plate, and place in the freezer while preparing the cake batter.nMake the chocolate cocoa cakes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly coat the inside of each individual nonstick muffin cup with the 2 teaspoons melted butter. Set aside until needed. In a sifter, combine 23 cup allpurpose flour and a 12 cup cocoa powder. Sift onto a large piece of parchment paper or waxed paper and set aside until needed. Melt 8 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate and 5 ounces butter in the top half of a double boiler over mediumlow heat. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate and butter until completely melted and smooth, about 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside at room temperature until needed. The chocolate and butter may also be melted in a medium glass bowl in a microwave oven set at medium power for 2 minutes. After removing the chocolate and butter from the microwave oven, use a rubber spatula to stir until smooth.nPlace 3 eggs, 2 egg yolks, and 12 cup sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle. Beat on a mediumhigh speed for 2 minutes until the mixture is slightly frothy. Add the melted chocolate and butter and mix on low speed to combine, about 15 seconds. Continue to operate the mixer on low while gradually adding the sifted dry ingredients. Once all the dry ingredients have been incorporated, stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and mix on medium to combine, about 15 seconds.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and use a rubber spatula to finish mixing the batter until thoroughly combined. Portion 3 heaping tablespoons about 2 12 ounces of the cake batter into each individual muffin cup. Place the muffin tin on the center rack of the preheated oven. Bake for 5 minutes. Remove the truffles from the freezer.nRemove the muffin tin from the oven, and moving quickly, place a single frozen truffle in the center of each portion of cake batter, pressing each truffle about halfway down into the batter. Immediately return the muffin tin to the center rack of the oven and bake until a toothpick inserted into the cake not the truffle comes out clean, about 17 to 18 minutes. Remove the cakes from the oven and cool at room temperature for 20 minutes. To remove the cakes from the muffin cups, hold the top edges of the baked batter part of a cake, and give each cake a slight twist to loosen it from the inside cup. Then insert the pointed tip of a knife into a top outside edge of a cake and loosen it so that you can gently pull each baked cake out of each cup. Serve immediately while still warm.nAfter the Chocolate Heart of Darkness cakes have cooled to room temperature, you may keep them covered with plastic wrap for up to 24 hours at room temperature, or in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days. The cakes may be rewarmed in a microwave oven, and they are extraordinary. Make sure the cakes are at room temperature, then heat them 1 or 2 at a time for 30 to 40 seconds in a microwave oven set on defrost power. Instead of drying out, the cake will be warm and moist, and the truffle center will be a hot ooze of ecstasy. For extra indulgence, serve the warm Chocolate Heart of Darkness cakes with white chocolate ice cream or unsweetened whipped cream. For me, a glass forget the golden goblet of Warres 1985 Porto will have a salubrious effect., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, coarsely chopped, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 5 ounces unsalted butter into 12ounce pieces, plus 2 teaspoons melted, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 8 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, coarsely chopped, 3 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 12 granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Heart of Darkness Cakes, picturelink: null}, 2807: {instructions: Chop 1 pound bittersweet chocolate melt all but 1 cup in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in the remaining chocolate until smooth. Pour the melted chocolate onto a foillined baking sheet and spread about 14 inch thick top with crushed chips, popcorn, party mix or other snacks. Refrigerate until set, then break into pieces.nPhotograph by Cory Dawson, ingredients: [], title: Super Bark, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 2808: {instructions: Special equipment: An 11inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottomnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 11inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. In a large bowl, with an electric mixer on medium, beat the butter and sugar until combined and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the egg yolks and orange zest and beat until combined. Beat in the flour, salt and baking powder. Add the pistachios and beat just until evenly distributed.nTip the dough into the prepared pan and press it into an even layer. Freeze until firm, about 15 minutes.nSprinkle the top of the dough with sanding sugar and bake on a rimmed baking sheet until the shortbread is golden brown and set, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet holding the tart pan to a rack to cool for a few minutes. While the dough is still warm, remove the pan edges and cut the cookie into wedges. Let cool completely.nCarefully separate the wedges and set them on a work surface. Drizzle with melted chocolate. Let stand at room temperature until the chocolate has set, about 1 hour., ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, plus additional for buttering pan, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup chopped pistachios, Sanding sugar, for sprinkling, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: Pistachio Orange Shortbread, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 2809: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 cups wood chips or chunks preferably hickory, soaked for 1 hour in water to cover, then drainednGenerously season the mutton with about 1 tablespoon each of salt and pepper. Set aside.nMake the basting sauce:nCombine the vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, salt, lemon juice, and pepper with 1 12 cups water in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat.nMake the dipping sauce:nCombine the Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, lemon juice, brown sugar, pepper, coarse and onion salts, garlic powder, MSG, if using, allspice, and 2 cups water in a large nonreactive saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat, and cook until richly flavored and slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a nonreactive serving bowl to cool.nSet up the grill for indirect grilling and preheat to mediumlow. If using a charcoal grill, preheat it to medium, then toss 1 cup of the wood chips or chunks on the coals. If using a gas grill, place all of the wood chips or chunks in the smoker box or in a smoker pouch and run the grill on high until you see smoke, then reduce the heat to medium.nWhen ready to cook, place the mutton, fat side up, in the center of the hot grate, over the drip pan and away from the heat, and cover the grill. Cook the mutton until it is falloffthebone tender, 4 to 6 hours.nTo test for doneness, insert an instantread meat thermometer into the thickest part of the mutton but not touching the bone: The internal temperature should be about 190 degrees F. Baste the mutton with the basting sauce every half hour. If the mutton starts to burn, cover it loosely with aluminum foil. If using a charcoal grill, every hour youll need to add 12 fresh coals and 12 cup of the wood chips or chunks to each side.nTransfer the grilled mutton to a cutting board and let it rest for 5 minutes. Slice the mutton thinly across the grain or finely chop it with a cleaver. Spoon half of the dipping sauce over the meat. Serve the mutton on toasted or grilled hamburger buns or slices of white bread or all by itself, passing the remaining dipping sauce on the side.nVariation: You can substitute a 5 pound leg of lamb for the mutton. The cooking time will be closer to 4 hours. To test for doneness, insert an instantread meat thermometer into the thickest part of the leg but not touching the bone: The internal temperature should be about 190 degrees F., ingredients: [1 piece mutton shoulder or leg about 5 pounds, Coarse salt kosher or sea and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cider vinegar, 23 cup Worcestershire sauce, 5 tablespoons coarse salt kosher or sea, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon coarse salt kosher or sea, 12 teaspoon onion salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon MSG optional, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 10 to 12 hamburger buns, or 20 to 24 slices white bread optional], title: Owensboro Barbecued Mutton, picturelink: null}, 2810: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 miniature muffin pansnThaw pastry sheet at room temperature 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing 1 miniature muffin pan, spoon 1 teaspoon melted chocolate into bottom of each cup. Let cool.nIn a medium bowl, combine butter, peanut butter, cracker crumbs, and sugar, stirring well.nPress 1 teaspoon peanut butter mixture over chocolate, pressing to edges of cup. Spoon melted chocolate over peanut butter to cover. Repeat procedure with remaining chocolate and peanut butter mixture. Let cool. Remove from muffin cupnUnfold pastry on lightly floured surface. Roll out into an 18 by 9inch rectangle. Cut into 9 even pieces. Press squares into the other miniature muffin pan .nPlace a peanut butter cup in the center of pastry and top with a few marshmallows. Bake for about 10 minutes or until golden. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Remove from pan and cool on wire rack., ingredients: [12 package frozen puff pastry sheets, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, melted, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 2 cups powdered sugar, Miniature marshmallows], title: Peanut Butter Cups in the Blanket, picturelink: TZoLBlgznrOLXaprITQolxTaQeuxKzq}, 2811: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large star tipnFor the mudslide cocktail blend: Whisk together the coffee liqueur, Irish cream liqueur and vodka. Set aside.nFor the chocolate cookie crumb crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9inch pie plate generously with cooking spray.nPulse the espresso beans and sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the chocolate wafers and pulse until finely ground. Add the melted butter and pulse until the crumbs are moist. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and up the sides of the prepared pie plate. Bake until set, about 8 minutes if the crust puffs up at all, it can be pushed down with the back of a spoon. Let the crust cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the mudslide fudge and filling: Warm the fudge sauce in the microwave on high until pourable, about 1 minute. Whisk in 3 tablespoons of the mudslide cocktail blend set aside.nSet the ice cream out at room temperature for 5 minutes. Quarter the ice cream pints with a large serrated knife, peel off the packaging and place the ice cream in a blender. Add 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons of the mudslide cocktail blend and process until it forms a very thick milkshake. Immediately pour it over the cooled crust and transfer the pie to the freezer for 15 minutes.nCover the top of the pie with the mudslide fudge using an offset spatula. Cover the pie with plastic, return it to the freezer and freeze until set, at least 6 hours or overnight.nFor the whipped cream: Beat the corn syrup, cocoa and the remaining 3 tablespoons mudslide cocktail blend in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment on medium until smooth. Add the heavy cream, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until stiff peaks form. Transfer the whipped cream to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip, pipe it onto the pie to decorate and return the pie to the freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [13 cup coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 13 cup Irish cream liqueur, such as Baileys Irish Cream, 13 cup vodka, Nonstick cooking spray, for coating the pie plate, 2 tablespoons chocolatecovered espresso beans about 16 beans, 2 tablespoons sugar, 20 chocolate wafer cookies, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup prepared hot fudge sauce, 2 pints coffee ice cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Mudslide Pie, picturelink: Qb7nwaoUJnCTLSwo68Adn3smjEmyDC.}, 2812: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE cake mix, oats, pecans, cinnamon and butter in large bowl until crumbly. Mix in apples. Spread evenly into prepared pan.nBAKE 45 to 50 minutes or until top is light golden brown. Heat caramel topping in a microwavesafe bowl on HIGH 10 seconds. Drizzle over baked crisp. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Moist Supremeu00aeClassic Yellow Premium Cake Mix, 23 cup quick rolled oats, 23 cup chopped pecans, 2 tsps. ground cinnamon, 13 cup butter, melted, 6 cups baking apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Hot Caramel Flavored Topping], title: Caramel Apple Crisp, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 2813: {instructions: Marinate the steaks: Combine the parsley, shallot, rosemary, thyme, garlic and peppercorns in a small bowl. Add enough olive oil to cover. Place the steaks in a container or large ziptop bag, add the marinade and toss to coat. Refrigerate overnight.nMake the corn salad: Place the corn in a nonreactive bowl. Combine the white wine vinegar, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and the turmeric with 14 cup water in a small nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour over the corn, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nMake the hottish sauce: Coat the bottom of a large saute pan with canola oil and set the pan over medium heat. Add the onion, bell peppers, garlic and jalapeno and sweat the vegetables until limp, 5 minutes. Add the chili powder and cayenne toast the spices about 2 minutes. Add the tomato juice, red wine vinegar, mustard and 1 cup water. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the sauce reaches the consistency of ketchup, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a blender and puree until completely smooth. Add 14 to 12 cup water to loosen the sauce, if needed. Season generously with kosher salt. The sauce can be made up to 3 days ahead cover and refrigerate.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Remove the steaks from the marinade and season well with kosher salt and black pepper. Grill approximately 4 minutes on each side for medium rare. Let rest while you finish the corn salad.nDrain the corn. Add the olive oil and lime juice and let sit 5 minutes, then add the bell peppers, shallot, tarragon, parsley, Amber spice mix and 1 tablespoon of the hottish sauce. Season the steaks with a little flaky sea salt. Serve with the corn salad and a little hottish sauce on the side.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup chopped fresh curly parsley, 3 tablespoons minced shallot, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, crushed, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 8ounce buffalo strip steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flaky sea salt, 2 cups corn kernels from about 4 ears of corn, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 2 limes, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 1 shallot, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh curly parsley, 1 tablespoon Amber spice mix or 1 teaspoon chili powder, Canola oil, 12 white onion, diced, 12 small green bell pepper, diced, 12 small red bell pepper, diced, 1 large clove garlic, finely diced, 12 small jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup goodquality tomato juice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon dijon mustard, Kosher salt], title: Buffalo Steaks with Pickled Corn Salad and Hottish Sauce, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 2814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bocconcini: Drain the bocconcini and pat dry with paper towels. Put on a paper towellined plate and allow to dry in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Put the flour in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the eggs in a second medium bowl and the bread crumbs in a third medium bowl. Coat the bocconcini in flour and then dip into the eggs. Roll the bocconcini in the bread crumbs until coated. Dip the coated bocconcini, again, in the eggs and then coat with bread crumbs. Freeze the breaded bocconcini for 20 minutes.nFor the chutney: In a blender, combine the garlic, ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, vinegar, sugar, olive oil, cumin and pepper. Blend until smooth. Pour into a medium, heavybottomed saucepan and add the tomatoes. Bring the mixture to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid has evaporated and the mixture is thick, about 45 to 55 minutes. Using the back of a wooden spoon, gently break up the tomatoes as they begin to soften during cooking. Season with salt, to taste. Let the chutney cool to room temperature, about 35 minutes. Place in a serving bowl.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 1 to 2 minutes. In batches, fry the bocconcini until golden brown, about 15 to 20 seconds. Drain on paper towels.nArrange the bocconcini on a platter and serve the chutney alongside as an accompaniment., ingredients: [16 1inch diameter balls bocconcini mozzarella cheese, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, beaten, 3 cups seasoned Italianstyle bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 8 cloves garlic, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes], title: DeepFried Bocconcini with Spicy Tomato and Garlic Chutney, picturelink: L4a9WOcyOvSjZdNLXxAKYEQqA7mx1t.}, 2815: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the garlic, rosemary, thyme, and oil in a small food processor, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally, until the garlic is minced.nSprinkle the pork roast generously with salt and pepper. Arrange the pancetta slices on a work surface, overlapping slightly and forming a rectangle. Spread half of the garlic mixture over 1 side of the pork and between the 2 loins that meet in the center of the tied pork roast. Place the pork, garlic mixture side down, in the center of the pancetta rectangle. Spread the remaining garlic mixture over the remaining pork. Wrap the pancetta slices around the pork. Place the pork in a roasting pan. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPour 12 cup of broth and 12 cup of wine into the roasting pan. Add more broth and wine to the pan juices every 20 minutes. Roast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the center registers 145 degrees F for mediumrare, about 1 hour. Transfer the pork to a cutting board. Tent with aluminum foil and let stand for 10 minutes. Pour the pan drippings into a glass measuring cup and spoon off any fat that rises to the top.nUsing a large sharp carving knife, cut the pork into 14inchthick slices and serve with the pan juices., ingredients: [8 large garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 3 12 to 4pound tied boneless pork loin roast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 12 cups dry white wine], title: PancettaWrapped Pork Roast, picturelink: ErOa8ZeUFwzGPJkSQAgUkWkGfn63Yu}, 2816: {instructions: To make the chops: Pound most of your oregano leaves with a small pinch of salt and pepper in a pestle and mortar. Roughly chop the raisins, then add them to the pestle and mortar with a splash or 2 of sherry and a splash of extravirgin olive oil. Muddle everything together to make a paste, then put to one side for a minute. Lay each pork chop in front of you so the side with the fat is farthest away. Carefully insert a knife into the side nearest you and move it around to make a pocket inside. Use your fingers to fill each pocket with the raisin paste. Cooks Note: To see what I mean, go to www.jamieoliver.comhowto.nTo make the beans: Fry the strips of fat from your pata negra or bacon in a medium pan on a high heat for a few minutes, then add the offcuts or bacon and a drizzle of olive oil. Stir in the chopped onion and pepper, then turn the heat down and cook for about 5 more minutes, or until the vegetables have softened. Roughly chop your rosemary leaves and add those to the pan along with your bay leaves. Add the beans to the pan with 1 12 cups350 ml water. Stir, then leave to tick away for about 20 minutes. Keep an eye on the beans and add a splash more water if they look dry. Get a barbecue or griddle pan really hot. Rub some olive oil and a good pinch of salt and pepper all over the pork chops. Put them on the very hot side of your barbecue and sear them for 2 to 3 minutes on each side to get some good colour going, then move them to the gentler side of the barbecue so they can cook slowly. If youre using a griddle pan, turn the heat down to mediumlow and cook for a further 10 minutes, turning occasionally.nMeanwhile, finely chop the stalks of the Swiss chard and add them to the pan with the beans. Roughly chop the leaves and add them to the pan for the last minute or 2 of cooking so as not to lose the flavour. Taste the beans and season with salt and pepper. Cook for a few more minutes if you want to achieve a thicker consistency. Divide the beans evenly among 4 plates and lay a pork chop over each. Sprinkle over the reserved oregano leaves, finish with a drizzle of olive oil and serve., ingredients: [A few sprigs fresh oregano or marjoram, leaves picked, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, A small handful raisins, Good quality dry sherry, Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 4 large, thick pork chops approximately 12 ounces350 g each, bone in, the best quality, Trimmed fat from a few slices of pata negra cured ham, and some pata negra offcuts or 2 rashers smoked streaky bacon, roughly chopped, or pancetta, Olive oil, 1 red onion, peeled and finely chopped, 1 large red pepper, deseeded and roughly chopped, A few sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked, A few fresh bay leaves, 1 19ounce540 g jar white beans or butter beans, drained, 14 ounces400 g Swiss chard, stalks trimmed, or spinach leaves], title: My Moorish Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 2817: {instructions: For apples, preheat oven to 400 degrees. Scatter butter pieces and sprinkle sugar evenly in a 9 to 10inch copper tartin pan or heavy baking pan. Tightly pack apple halves around inside edge of pan, reserve 4, standing upright, nestled against one another, with round side tilted down. Place 4 remaining halves in similar position in center of pan. Apples will shrink as they cook and slip round side down into pan. Bake for about 2 hours. Transfer pan from oven to stove top and cook over mediumhigh heat until butter and sugar caramelize to a rich brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat, and gently ease sticky apples away from side of pan with a knife. Refrigerate overnight so that apples firm up and confit further.nFor pastry, preheat oven to 350 degrees about 1 hour before serving tart. Sift flour, salt, and sugar into a bowl. Rub butter into flour mixture with your fingers until it resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle in 3 tablespoons ice water and work dough until it just holds together. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll out dough on a floured surface into a 12inch circle. Drape pastry over apples and pan. Roll the rolling pin across of pan to cut off excess pastry and allow pastry to fall over apples against the inside edge of pan. Bake in oven still at 350 until pastry is flaky and golden, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, place a flat ovenproof platter on top of tartin pan and invert quickly and carefully. Do not unmold yet. Reduce heat to 300 degrees and return platter and pan to oven for 10 minutes. Remove tartin pan and serve warm., ingredients: [2 12 sticks 20 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups sugar, 9 golden delicious apples, peeled, cored and halved, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces], title: Tarte Tartin UpsideDown Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 2818: {instructions: Spread out the crepes, smear a layer of salted caramel on each and then sprinkle a layer of crushed pecans on the caramel. Turn the pint of ice cream on its side and use a serrated knife to slice through the carton, creating 4 ice cream discs. Top each crepe with a disc of ice cream remove the carton fold up the crepes around the ice cream.nServe immediately, or wrap and store in the freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 crepes, 12 cup salted caramel, such as Davids Homemade, 1 cup toasted and crushed salted pecans, 1 pint peach ice cream], title: Salted Caramel and Peach Maurittos, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 2819: {instructions: For the croutons: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the bagel pieces in a large bowl, drizzle with the olive oil, and toss to coat. Add the poppy seeds, sesame seeds and some salt toss again. Spread the bagel pieces out in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until light golden brown and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes.nFor the vinaigrette: Put the lemon zest and juice, dill, capers, mustard, and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl whisk to combine. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make a thick creamy dressing. Taste, and season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Put the croutons, smoked salmon and cream cheese in a large bowl, and then mound the spinach, fennel, cucumber and red onion on top. Spoon some of the vinaigrette around the side of the bowl and toss gently to coat the salad with dressing. Spoon the remaining vinaigrette nicely on individual serving plates and gently mound some salad on top. Serve immediately.n, ingredients: [3 dayold plain bagels, halved horizontally and cut into pieces, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive or canola oil, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons capers in brine, drained, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces smoked salmon or lox, sliced paper thin and torn into pieces, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened but cool, torn into rough chunks, 4 ounces baby spinach, 1 small bulb fennel, sliced paper thin, 12 English cucumber, sliced paper thin, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced], title: Spinach Salad with Smoked Salmon, Everything Bagel Croutons and LemonCaper Vinaigrette, picturelink: 5yBJLX3XYbi22EERCiPY9rcjmNOdzNC}, 2820: {instructions: Combine 1 cup white grape juice, 12 cup cognac, the juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons superfine sugar and 1 cup water in a pitcher. Add 1 cup each halved grapes and pitted cherries, and 1 sliced peach. Chill 3 hours or overnight. Before serving, add a bottle of cold sparkling wine. Pour into flutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Sparkling Sangria, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 2821: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together with electric beater a little chunky is ok. Serve with crackers or bread chunks., ingredients: [1 12 cups boned smoked fish any species of fish works well, 1 cup sandwich spread not mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon diced dried onions, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Smoked Fish Pate, picturelink: null}, 2822: {instructions: Halve the avocados and remove the pits. Make two long cuts in the flesh of each half, and 5 or 6 crosswise cuts. Rub the cut surfaces gently with the smashed garlic. Squeeze the juice from the 14 lime evenly over the cut surfaces.nPlace the remaining 2 tablespoons of lime juice, the cilantro, the jalapeno and the onion in the work bowl of a food processor. Puree.nTurn the cut chunks of avocado out of their skins and into a large bowl. Toss very gently with the cilantro puree and with the chopped tomatillo. Serve with tomatillo puree. Or, season well with salt and pepper, and serve immediately, garnished with cilantro leaves.nFor the Tomatillo puree: Place all ingredients in the work bowl of a food processor. Puree. season well with salt and pepper.nWhen ready to serve, season the guacamole well with salt and pepper. Divide it among four wide, shallow soup bowls, placing a scoop of guacamole at the center of each. Spoon the tomatillo puree around the guacamole. Garnish the puree with cilantro leaves, and the top of the guacamole with a little finely chopped red tomato. Serve with warmed tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, preferably Haas, each about 12 pound, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 14 lime, plus 2 tablespoons lime juice, 12 cup cilantro, firmly packed, including stems, 1 teaspoon minced fresh jalapeno, 1 tablespoon minced white onion, 12 cup chopped tomatillo, 1 pound. fresh tomatillos, 12 pound red tomatoes, 2 fresh jalapenos, 12 teaspoon ground cumin], title: North Mexican Guacamole with Tomatillo Puree, picturelink: null}, 2823: {instructions: Special equipment: 1inch circle cutternCut potato slices with a 1 to 1 12inch circle cutter and soak in water to remove starch. Place on a rack placed over a shallow pan of water. Steam to al dente and set aside to cool. Using a melon baller ball scoop scoop out a recess in each disk.nCook bacon and remove to paper towels to drain. Pour most of the bacon fat from the pan and add butter over medium heat. Add cabbage and season with black pepper. Cook until it begins to soften, about 10 minutes. Stir in corned beef, and crumble in bacon. Cook together for about 10 minutes to allow flavors to integrate, remove from heat and stir in horseradish.nCombine the milk, onion, bay leaf, cloves, and nutmeg over medium heat. Spoon the melted butter into a separate heat resistant bowl and whisk in the cornstarch, then whisk in 14 cup of the Parmesan, reserving the rest. When the milk is fairly hot, pour a small amount of it into the cheese mixture, stirring until the milk is thoroughly blended in. Return this to the remaining milk, and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove saucepan from heat, season sauce to taste, with white pepper, and salt if needed. Remove and discard bay leaf and cloves. Immediately put a sheet of plastic wrap on top of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nStir enough of the sauce and reserved Parmesan into the corned beefcabbage mixture to bind into a thick mixture. Spoon the mixture onto prepared potato disks, sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and place on a baking sheet. Flash finish in oven until lightly browned, about 5 minutes monitor to make sure they dont burn. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [12 large red bliss potatoes peeled and cut into 1inch thick slices, 12 pound smoked bacon, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 head napa cabbage, cut chiffonade, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound corned beef, finely diced, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 cup milk, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, optional, 2 tablespoons unsalted melted butter, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup grated Parmesan 14 cup for sauce plus 18 to 14 cup to bind filling and sprinkle on finished appetizers, White pepper, Salt, if needed], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage on Potato, picturelink: null}, 2824: {instructions: Cut off and discard the stems of the artichokes with a serrated knife and rub the artichoke bottoms with some of the lemon juice. To a kettle of boiling salted water add the remaining lemon juice and the artichokes, boil the artichokes for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the bottoms are tender when pierced with a knife, and plunge them into a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. Drain the artichokes well, pull off tough leaves. In a small bowl whisk together the oil, the vinegar, the garlic paste, the pimiento, and pepper to taste. Serve the artichokes with the vinaigrette., ingredients: [4 artichokes about 12 pound each, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 2 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons finely chopped drained bottled pimiento, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley], title: Artichokes with Garlic Pimiento Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 2825: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Whisk together the cream and pistachio paste in a large saucepot, and then scrape and add the vanilla bean and the pistachios. Steep over mediumlow heat 20 minutes, and then remove from the heat.nWhisk together 1 cup of the sugar and the egg yolks in a large bowl. Add 12 cup of the warm cream to the yolks and whisk quickly to temper the egg mixture. Add in the remaining cream, a little at a time, whisking constantly. When all of the cream has been incorporated, strain the custard through a fine mesh sieve into a large bowl.nPlace 4 creme brulee ramekins into a 2inchdeep baking pan. Evenly divide the custard between the ramekins, filling to the top. Carefully add the boiling water into the pan until it is halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover with aluminum foil.nCarefully so no water gets in the custard place the baking pan into the oven and bake until the custard is set, 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove the ramekins from the water bath and refrigerate.nCombine the blackberries, mint, pomegranate seeds and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a medium bowl, and let sit 10 minutes.nWhen the custards have cooled, sprinkle the tops with sugar and brulee with a torch until the sugar caramelizes. Garnish with the blackberrypomegranate mixture and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 2 tablespoons pistachio paste, 1 vanilla bean, 12 cup pistachios, toasted, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for topping, 6 egg yolks, 1 pint blackberries, 14 cup fresh mint, roughly chopped, Seeds of 1 pomegranate], title: Pistachio Creme Brulee with Blackberries and Pomegranate, picturelink: null}, 2826: {instructions: Make the crackers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the asiago and cayenne in a small bowl. Dust the pizza dough lightly with flour, then run it through a pasta roller, adjusting the setting thinner each time and dusting with more flour as needed, until about 18 inch thick.nLightly beat the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a bowl. Brush the dough with the egg wash and sprinkle liberally with the asiagocayenne mixture. Using a pizza wheel, cut the dough crosswise into triangles. Place the dough triangles on a baking sheet and bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, make the dip: Place the garlic in a small baking dish and roast in the oven until very soft when squeezed, about 40 minutes let cool 10 minutes. Cut the top off the garlic and squeeze the roasted cloves out of the skin.nPlace the roasted garlic in a food processor, add the asiago and season with salt. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil. Drizzle in up to 14 cup water if the dip is too thick. Taste and make sure it is delicious reseason if needed. Serve with the crackers.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [12 cup grated asiago cheese about 2 ounces, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound prepared pizza dough, at room temperature, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 large egg, 1 head elephant garlic, 12 cup grated asiago cheese about 2 ounces, Kosher salt, 5 to 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted GarlicAsiago Dip With Cheese Crackers, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 2827: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nWith a sharp knife score the fat of the ham in a diamond pattern. Rub generously with salt and pepper. Mix together the mustard and brown sugar and spread all over the ham.nSet the ham on a rack in a roasting pan, fatside up, add 1 cup of the beer and 1 cup of the apple cider, the cloves and the bay leaves, and roast for 20 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. degrees and continue roasting, basting occasionally with the pan juices, until a meat thermometer inserted diagonally into the thickest part of the ham registers 155 degrees F. about 3 12 to 4 hours. As the ham roasts, replenish the beer and the cider in the pan. If the top of the ham brown too much, cover it loosely with foil.nRemove the ham from the oven and let stand, covered loosely with foil, for about 30 to 40 minutes, during which time the internal temperature will rise. Carve the ham into thin slices and serve with the pears., ingredients: [1 8 to 10pound bonein shankend fresh ham, rind removed, and trimmed of, all but a mediumthin layer of fat, optional, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup dark brown sugar, About 2 cups light beer, or more as needed, About 2 cups apple cider, or more as needed, 3 cloves, 2 bay leaves, HoneyMarinated Pears, see recipe], title: Baked Fresh Ham: Buzhenina, picturelink: null}, 2828: {instructions: 1. Blend the flour, egg yolks, oil, 5 tablespoons water, and 34 teaspoon salt in a food processor until a dough forms. Let the dough rest, wrapped in plastic, for 1 hour. Cut the dough into quarters and dust with flour. Roll the dough using a pasta maker on the widest setting 8 times, folding dough each time and flouring in between. Continue rolling the pasta on the narrower settings, without folding, until the second narrowest setting. Place the dough on a floured counter covered with a towel. Repeat with the remaining dough.n2. Pulse 12 cup walnuts, the ricotta, lemon zest, and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a clean food processor. Place 1 teaspoon of filling 1 12 inches apart along 2 pasta sheets. Brush the edges and between the mounds with water, and then top with another pasta sheet, pressing around the filling to seal. Cut out square ravioli, about 30, with a sharp knife and transfer to a floured towel.n3. Heat the butter in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until the butter begins to brown, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the garlic, lemon juice, the remaining 1 cup walnuts, 12 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Reserve the sauce.n4. Boil the ravioli in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 3 minutes. Gently transfer the ravioli with a slotted spoon to a bowl with the sauce, arugula, and Parmesan. Toss to combine, then divide among warmed serving plates., ingredients: [1 12 cups toasted walnuts halves, 34 cup ricotta, Zest of 1 lemon, Freshly ground pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 cups baby arugula, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 large egg yolks, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Ricotta and Walnut Ravioli with Arugula, picturelink: cQoa9vqgsuE0nxGyK2s7NN9fHH966a}, 2829: {instructions: Special equipment: A small plastic resealable plastic bagnCombine the ginger, 3 tablespoons of the honey and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat. Let sit until cooled to room temperature. Strain, discarding the ginger. Stir in the lime juice.nMeanwhile, cut the watermelon crosswise into 1inchthick slices. Cut off the skin, leaving each slice a square or rectangle. Cut each slice again until you have twentyfour 1inch cubes. You will have watermelon left over. Put the cubes in an 8 by 8inch baking pan. Pour the cooled syrup over the watermelon and let sit, refrigerated, 1 to 4 hours, turning the cubes halfway through.nJust before serving, mix the cream cheese and the remaining 1 tablespoon honey in a small bowl until smooth. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag. Push the mixture towards one corner of the bag and twist the top to make a handle. Use scissors to snip a small hole at the corner.nRemove the watermelon from the liquid and transfer the cubes to a serving tray. Pipe a small dollop of the cream cheese mixture onto the top of each cube. Sprinkle the lime zest over the tops of the cubes., ingredients: [1 cup sliced fresh ginger, from one 4inch piece, 4 tablespoons honey, Zest of 1 lime plus 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 small seedless watermelon, 2 ounces roomtemperature cream cheese], title: Gingery Watermelon Petit Fours, picturelink: iNKWisF9sA4.cyxI2fiie0hcPczLU5i}, 2830: {instructions: Combine rabbit tenderloin, bacon strips, brandy, salt and pepper, and thyme. Marinate for at least 1 and up to 12 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine veal, pork and rabbit liver and kidneys with eggs. Season with salt and pepper, garlic, parsley and thyme. Strain brandy out of marinating bacon and add to stuffing, beating well. Stuff 12 of forcemeat tightly into rabbit cavity, keeping a 2inch clearance at either end. Lay rabbit tenderloin and bacon strips on top and cover with remaining stuffing. Truss or pin rabbit together. Tie rabbit loosely with string every 2 inches, since the stuffing will expand during roasting. Place rabbit in roasting pan, coat with clarified butter and roast for 1 12 hours. To serve, remove pins and string and cut rabbit into 2inch thick slices, like a terrine. Cut shoulders and haunch in two and serve on a bed of buttered noodles., ingredients: [1 3 pound rabbit, ribcage, saddle, and backbone removed, skin left intact, tenderloin reserved, kidneys and liver minced, 1 piece 1 pound smoked bacon, rind removed, cut into long 12inch square strips, 14 cup brandy, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 pound veal tenderloin, minced, 1 pound pork tenderloin, minced, 2 eggs, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons thyme, 14 cup clarified butter], title: Lapin Farci Provencale, picturelink: null}, 2831: {instructions: Bring 3 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat, covered. Uncover and slowly whisk in the grits, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parmesan and 1 tablespoon butter. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, garlic and cayenne, if using, and cook, tossing, until the shrimp are pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add 2 tablespoons water, the lemon juice and parsley stir to coat the shrimp with the sauce and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the grits among shallow bowls and top with the shrimp and sauce. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [34 cup instant grits, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of cayenne pepper optional, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: LemonGarlic Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 2832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack on the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nPlace the chicken and teriyaki in a resealable bag and refrigerate, 30 minutes to 1 hour.nTear the phyllo into small pieces and place in a shallow dish. Dry off the tenders with a paper towel and dredge in the torn phyllo. Place the chicken on a baking sheet sprayed in cooking spray and then spray the chicken generously with cooking spray. Bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Insert skewers into each chicken and serve with the Bloody Sweet and Sour Sauce.nAdd the ketchup, vinegar, sugar, soy sauce and ginger to a small saucepan. Mix well and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken tenders 10 to 12 tenders, 1 cup storebought teriyaki marinade, Bloody Sweet and Sour Sauce, recipe follows, 6 sheets phyllo dough, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons grated ginger], title: Mummyaki Chicken Fingers, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 2833: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper or foil.n2. Knead the flour and the grated lemon zest into the cookie dough. Roll it out to a 14inch thickness and using the cookie cutter, cut out 20 cookies, rerolling the scraps.n3. Bake for approximately 1215 minutes, or until golden. Remove from the oven, transfer to wire rack and let cool completely.n4. Meanwhile, beat the confectioners sugar, egg white powder and water until fluffy. Divide the frosting into 3 small bowls. Tint one yellow, one orange and one pink. Frost 6 cookies of each color. Decorate the centers with assorted MMSu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate Candies, STARBURSTu00ae Fruit Chews or DOVEu00ae Brand Silky Smooth Milk Chocolates. Set the cookies aside for the frosting to dry.n5. Arrange 6 cookies in each clear plastic container and tie with a ribbon.n6. Cheer someone up and give them out to friends, neighbors or family members., ingredients: [12 cup flour, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 1 roll 18 oz. refrigerated cookie dough, 1 box confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons egg white powder, 6 12 tablespoons water, Yellow, orange and pink food coloring, 13 cup MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies, 6 pieces STARBURSTu00ae Fruit Chews, 6 pieces DOVEu00ae Brand Silky Smooth Milk Chocolate, Other supplies:, 2 cookie sheet pans, 6 resealable plastic bags, 3 clear gift containers, Ribbon, Flower cookie cutter], title: Give Away Goodies, picturelink: null}, 2834: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees F.nPlace lamb chops in a 9 by 12inch glass baking dish. Combine 1 tablespoon of salt, garlic and lemon juice. Pour over lamb chops. Combine 1 tablespoon of salt, pepper, paprika and 7 spices to form a rub. Rub both sides of the lamb chops with this mixture.nPlace chops back into the baking dish and add 1 12 cups of water gently on the side of the dish so as to keep the spices on the lamb chops.nCover the dish with foil and seal well. This will ensure the chops stay juicy. Place in the oven at 550 degrees for 30 minutes. Then lower temperature to 400 degrees and bake for 1 12 hours.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [12 to 16 lamb chops depending on size, 2 tablespoon salt, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons Lebanese 7 spices, 1 12 cups water], title: Lebanese Spiced Lamb Chops, picturelink: null}, 2835: {instructions: Sift the flour, salt, and sugar in a bowl. Stir in the yeast and make a well. Heat the milk and lemon in a pan with the butter. Let mixture cool and then mix with dry ingredients. Knead the dough mixture until smooth and elastic and cover in a bowl. Let rise in warm place until it doubles in size. While the dough is rising get started on the filling. Melt butter in a medium sized pan and add all the poppy seeds except for 1 tablespoon. Add the honey, raisins and zest. Cook on low for 5 minutes and remove from heat, add the almonds and let cool. Cream the egg yolk and sugar together, and fold into poppy seed mixture. Begin to roll out dough on a floured surface into a 12 by 12inch square. Roll dough to 18inch thick. Spread your filling to within 1inch of the edge of the dough. Roll both ends towards the center. Brush with olive oil and cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 1 hour. Brush with milk and sprinkle with remaining poppy seeds. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [4 cups flour, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons dried yeast, 6 ounces milk, 1 lemon, zested, 4 tablespoons of butter, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 ounces poppy seed, 2 ounces honey, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup orange zest, 12 cup ground almonds, 1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon milk], title: Poppyseed Bread, picturelink: null}, 2836: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium high heat and add onions, garlic, chipotle pepper and saute until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add salt, avocados and stock. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until avocados are soft. Add sour cream or yogurt and simmer 1 minute more. Remove from heat and puree in a blender or with an immersion blender. Add more stock if too thick. Stir in cilantro and lime juice. Ladle into bowls and top with scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 onions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo chopped, Salt to taste, 4 ripe Haas avocados, peeled, cut into chunks, 1 quart vegetable stock, plus more, if needed, 12 cup sour cream, or yogurt, 13 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, Thinly sliced scallions for garnish], title: Avocado Soup, picturelink: null}, 2837: {instructions: For the tartar sauce: In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, relish, hot sauce, salt, pepper, Cajun seasoning and vinegar. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or until ready to serve.nFor the crab cakes: Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the melted butter, eggs, sour cream, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, Old Bay, capers, celery and salt. Gently fold in the crab and breadcrumbs. Form crab cakes by turning out 13 cup of the crab mixture for each cake onto a plate. Using the palm of your hand, lightly flatten the top to make patties.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Cook the crab cakes in batches until brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain and sprinkle with salt. Serve with lemon wedges and a dollop of tartar sauce., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sweet relish, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 12 teaspoon white vinegar, 2 tablespoons salted butter, melted and cooled, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus wedges for serving, 3 to 4 dashes hot sauce, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 pound lump crab meat, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs see Cooks Note, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Mini Crab Cakes and Cajun Tartar, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 2838: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, 14 cup of the olive oil, the shallot and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a large baking dish.nPound each chicken breast between sheets of waxed paper or plastic wrap with a rolling pin or a mallet to 18inch thickness. Add the chicken to the baking dish, turn to coat, cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.nHeat your grill to high.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and season on both sides with salt. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until golden brown and just cooked through.nWhile the chicken is grilling, combine the arugula, tomatoes, and onion, if using, in a large bowl. Toss with the vinegar and remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace each chicken cutlet on a large plate and divide the arugulatomato salad on top. Top the salad with a few shavings of cheese and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, plus more for drizzling, 1 small shallot, chopped, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground fresh black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless, chicken breasts, 8 ounces each, Kosher salt, 6 ounces baby arugula, 1 12 cups red and yellow pear or cherry tomatoes, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, optional, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Thinly shaved ParmigianoReggiano], title: Grilled Chicken Cutlets with Lemon and Black Pepper and ArugulaTomato Salad, picturelink: DYhD4uwoLHOpWkr.hqlqVVGNaGVNaUu}, 2839: {instructions: Heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add chopped mushrooms and shallots and season with salt and pepper. Saute mushrooms 5 or 6 minutes until dark and tender. Remove from heat. Transfer mushrooms to a bowl and return pan to stove top to preheat to cook patties.nAdd turkey to the mushroom mixture. Make a well in the center of the meat. Add sage, Worcestershire sauce, bread crumbs and beaten egg and season with salt and pepper. Mix turkey meat loaf and make a small 1inch patty. Place meat in the hot pan and cook 1 minute on each side. Taste the mini patty to help you adjust seasonings. Divide meat loaf mixture into 4 equal parts by scoring the meat before you form patties. Form 4 equal oval patties 1 inch thick. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and arrange patties in the skillet. Cook 6 minutes on each side and transfer to a serving plate or individual dinner plates. Return pan to heat and add butter. When butter melts, whisk in flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in stock and season gravy with poultry seasoning, salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer gravy until it reaches desired thickness, and pour over patties, reserving a little to pass at the table., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan for the mushrooms, 1 turn for the patties, 8 cremini mushrooms, baby portobellos, chopped, 8 shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 13 pounds ground turkey, the average weight of 1 package, 3 or 4 sprigs fresh sage, leaves chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning], title: Turkey and Wild Mushroom Meatloaf Patties with Pan Gravy, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 2840: {instructions: Build a multilevel fire in the grill: Leave 14 of the bottom free of coals, bank the coals in the remaining 34 of the grill so that they are 3 times as high on 1 side as on the other. When the coals are all ignited and the temperature has lowered to medium hold hand about 5inches above grill grid, over the area where coals are deepest, for 4 to 5 seconds, the grill is ready to cook.nMake spice rub: Combine the ingredients for the spice rub in a small bowl and mix well. Rub the pork chops generously on both sides with the mixture and set aside while making the sauce.nMake the sauce: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil until hot, but not smoking. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 11 to 13 minutes. Add the peaches, ginger, and tomatoes and cook, stirring frequently for 2 minutes. Stir in the vinegar, orange juice, sugar, allspice, and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture is reduced by about 12 and thickened slightly, about 20 minutes. Taste and adjust for the seasoning, then transfer the sauce to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth be careful with hot liquids. Reserve 14 cup sauce for basting the chops, then pour the remaining sauce into a small serving bowl.nPut the chops on the grill over the coals and cook, turning once, until desired doneness 8 to 10 minutes per side for medium. During the last 30 seconds of cooking on each side, baste the chops generously with the sauce. Check for doneness.nServe the chops hot with extra barbecue sauce on the side.nCooks note: The spice rub and barbecue sauce contains sugar, which might burn while cooking on the grill. If the chops start to burn on the outside, move them to cooler part of the grill and cover with a metal pie pan or disposable foil to finish cooking., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ground coriander, 3 tablespoons ground paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 4 rib or loin pork chops, about 1 12inch thick 12 to 14 ounces each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small red onion, peeled, sliced thin, 3 peaches, pitted, cut into medium sized cubes, 2 tablespoons peeled and minced fresh ginger, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, cut into medium sized cubes, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup orange juice, 13 cup light or dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Giant Pork Chops with Sweet Peach Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 2841: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIf using vacuumpacked chestnuts arrange them in a shallow baking pan in one layer and bake in upper third of oven 6 to 8 minutes, or until hot and outsides are dry. If roasting chestnuts roast as per method below.nIn a large bowl, sift together the confectioners sugar and salt. Add hot chestnuts to sugar mixture, tossing gently to coat, and put a rack over baking pan.nIn a 3quart saucepan heat 1 12 inches oil over moderate heat until a deepfat thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches of 8, fry chestnuts 1 to 2 minutes, or until brown and crisp. With a slotted spoon transfer chestnuts as fried to rack. Return oil to 350 degrees F between batches and carefully skim caramelized sugar from surface of oil as necessary.nChestnuts are best served immediately but may be made 1 hour ahead and kept, uncovered, at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound jar vacuumpacked whole chestnuts not canned or 1 pound roasted chestnuts method below, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 cups vegetable oil for deepfrying], title: Caramelized Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 2842: {instructions: To prepare the filling, place the pork fat in the boiling water and boil until fully cooked and translucent, about 30 minutes. Remove, place in a bowl, run cold water over it, and allow to stand for several minutes. Remove, dry with paper towels, and cut 2 tablespoons of fat into 18inch dice. Reserve. Place the shrimp in the bowl of a electric mixer. Start the mixer and add, mixing thoroughly after each ingredient, the salt, sugar, egg white, tapioca flour, oyster sauce, sesame oil, and white pepper. Add the pork fat, water chestnuts, scallion, and bamboo shoots. Combine evenly and thoroughly. Remove the mixture, place in a shallow dish, cover, and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. To make the dough, in the bowl of an electric mixer, place the wheat starch, tapioca flour and salt. Start the mixer and add the boiling water. If an electric mixer is unavailable, mix by hand in the same order, pouring water with 1 hand, mixing with a wooden spoon with the other. Add the lard and mix thoroughly. If the dough is too dry, add 1 teaspoon boiling water. Continue to mix until a ball of dough is formed. Remove from the bowl, knead a few times, and divide into 4 equal pieces. Place each piece in a plastic bag to retain moisture. To prepare the dumplings, before working the dough, oil the work surface. Soak a paper towel in melted pork fat or peanut oil and repeatedly run a clever blade across it so that the blade stays oiled. Roll each piece of dough into a cylinder 8 inches long and 1inch in diameter. Cut into 12inch pieces. Work with one and keep the others covered with plastic. Roll each into a small ball and press down with your palm to flatten it. Press flatter with the broad side of the oiled cleaver to create a round skin 2 12 inches in diameter. To form the dumplings, place 1 12 teaspoons of the filling in the center of each round and fold in half, forming a crescent or half moon. Hold the dumpling securely in one hand, then begin to form pleats with the fingers of the other hand. Continue to form small pleats until the dumplings are completely closed. Press the top edge of the dumpling between your thumb and forefinger to seal tightly. Tap the sealed edge lightly your knuckle to give the dumpling its final shape. Oil a steamer, place the har gau into steamer, cover, and steam for 7 minutes. Turn off the heat and serve., ingredients: [14 pound piece pork fat, 1 12 cups boiling water, 12 pound shrimp, shelled deveined, and diced, 34 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 medium egg white, beaten, 1 12 tablespoons tapioca flour, 1 12 teaspoons oyster sauce, 34 teaspoons sesame oil, Pinch freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup peeled and finely diced fresh water chestnuts, 14 cup finely sliced white part only scallion, 2 tablespoons finely diced bamboo shoots, 1 13 cups wheat starch, 23 cup tapioca flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoon boiling water, 2 tablespoons lard, or peanut oil], title: Shrimp Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 2843: {instructions: To make the dry rub, combine the brown sugar, seasoned salt, chili powder, pepper, cayenne, Old Bay, sage, and onion powder and blend well. Store in an airtight container in a cool, dark place until ready to use, for up to 6 months.nTo make the barbecue sauce, combine the ketchup, sugars, vinegar, chili powder, dry mustard, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper, garlic powder, and celery seeds in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve all the sugars. Heat, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nSet up your smoker to cook indirectly at 250 degrees F. Season the rib tips all over with the barbecue rub. Place on the smoker and barbecue for 4 to 5 hours, or until the ribs tear apart easily, basting with the sauce during the last 30 minutes of cooking., ingredients: [14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons seasoned salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons finely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 13 cup ketchup, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground celery seeds, 4 pounds rib tips], title: Rib Tips, picturelink: null}, 2844: {instructions: In a large bowl or resealable plastic bag, mix together 2 tablespoons of the oil, the soy sauce, and the honey until well combined. Add chicken and toss to coat well. Place in refrigerator to marinate at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.nMeanwhile, heat a large frying pan over medium heat and add nuts. Toast nuts, shaking pan a few times, until nice toasted, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. Can be made up to 3 days in advance.nWhen chicken is ready, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add garlic and onion and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add chicken and marinade juices and cook, stirring occasionally, until chicken is browned on all sides and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Stir in mango and cashews and cook until heated through, about 1 minute. Taste and adjust seasoning, as necessary. Serve immediately over Sesame Rice.nBring water to a boil. Add rice and salt and stir to combine. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, to finish cooking, about 5 minutes. Stir in oil and sesame seeds and serve.nYield: 4 servingsnPrep Time: 2 minutesnCook Time: 10 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup salted cashews, 3 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 14 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped about 14 cup, 1 medium mango, roughly chopped about 1 cup, Sesame Rice, recipe follows, 3 12 cups water, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 14 cup white sesame seeds], title: Honeyed Mango and Chicken Saute with Toasted Cashews, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 2845: {instructions: Puree 6 hardboiled egg yolks, 12 avocado, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons cider vinegar, 12 cup chopped mixed herbs, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, and salt and pepper in a food processor. Divide among the egg whites. Crisp 3 slices prosciutto in a skillet crumble over the eggs.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Green Deviled Eggs and Ham, picturelink: nlCq2qUm25Pc2yH5SOzaCuK2RPfv0S}, 2846: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Moisten the breadcrumbs with a little bit of olive oil.nShuck the oysters: There is a top flat lid and a bottom cupped shell for each oyster. Insert the tip of an oyster knife into the hinge where the two shells come together in a point. Twist until the lid pops open. Pull the knife out and wipe it clean so you dont get mud in the oyster. Insert the knife back into the oyster from the opposite side of the hinge, lightly scraping against the top shell to disconnect the muscle. Then go under the oyster to cut the muscle on the bottom. Flip the oyster over onto the prettier side.nTop each oyster with a teaspoon of the creamed spinach, a piece of bacon and a bit of the breadcrumbs. On a baking sheet, create a small mound of coarse salt for each oyster to prevent them from tipping over. Nestle the oysters in the salt mounds, and bake until the bacon is cooked and the breadcrumbs browned.nTransfer the baked oysters to a serving platter and garnish with a sprinkle of fennel pollen. If desired, garnish with grated horseradish and a drizzle of smoked olive oil. Serve with lemon wedges.nBring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the spinach. As soon as its wilted and tender, drain and run under cold water. When the spinach is cool enough to handle, squeeze out any excess water. If you have used whole spinach with long stems, roughly chop it you should have 1 12 cups of chopped spinach.nFinely mince the fennel and onion. Heat a medium saute pan over medium heat and glaze it with the olive oil. Add the fennel, onion, garlic and a few pinches of salt, and cook until the onion is translucent you dont want it to brown. Add the flour and stir. When the flour has gathered up all the onion mixture, add the Herbsaint and bring to a boil. Let it reduce by half before stirring in the milk to make a bechamel. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook at a low simmer until the sauce thickens to the point where it coats the back of a spoon, and where drawing your finger down the spoon leaves a clear line.nPour half of the bechamel into a blender along with 12 cup of the spinach. Blend until completely smooth. Add the remaining spinach to the pan with the remaining bechamel, then add the spinach puree. Heat, stirring, and season with salt and pepper. Finish by stirring in the butter, nutmeg and Parmesan., ingredients: [14 cup panko breadcrumbs, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium, sweet and briny oysters, such as Kumamoto, 14 cup DoubleCreamed Spinach, recipe follows, 3 slices bacon, cut into 1 12inch pieces, Coarse salt, for baking sheet, Fennel pollen, for garnish, Fresh horseradish, grated, optional, Smoked olive oil, optional, 3 lemons, cut into wedges, 34 pound fresh spinach, cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 fennel bulb, 12 large onion, 34 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons Herbsaint, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 to 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan], title: Oysters Rockefeller, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 2847: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSaute the mushrooms in butter until the juices run, then season with salt and pepper and nutmeg. Reserve.nRemove the sinews from the livers and slice. In a large bowl combine all the ground meats, sausage, livers, onion, garlic, and juniper berries. Add the allspice and thyme leaves. Season with salt and pepper. Beat the eggs and add to the mixture together with the mushrooms. Mix with your hands thoroughly.nOil a roasting pan and place all the mixture in it, molding it into an oval shape. Adorn with the bacon slices, crisscrossed, tucking the ends under the meat. Strew some bay leaves and branches of rosemary on the top and sides. Cook in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, then lower the heat to 350 degrees and cook for 1 12 hours.nWhen cooked, there will be lots of lovely juices in the bottom of the pan. Save them to flavor soup, stocks, or eggs. Remove the loaf and place on a serving dish. Serve hot or cold with a tomato sauce.nFor children, you might like to turn it into a hedgehog by pressing almonds into the meat to create prickles and placing 3 olives to form eyes and a nose. This should be done before the meat goes into the oven., ingredients: [8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, Butter, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Grated nutmeg, 8 ounces chicken livers, 1 pound each ground beef, ground pork, ground veal, 1 pound sausage meat, 1 large onion, grated, 3 fat cloves garlic, crushed to a paste, 10 juniper berries, crushed, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Fresh thyme sprigs, 1 to 2 eggs, 8 ounces unsmoked bacon, Bay leaves, Branches of fresh rosemary, Tomato sauce, for serving], title: Roast Meat Loaf or Hedgehog, picturelink: null}, 2848: {instructions: Into a large bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the salt, and the baking soda, add the provolone, the scallion, the parsley, the rosemary, the pepper, and the sundried tomatoes, and toss the mixture well. In a small bowl whisk together the shortening, the reserved sundried tomato oil, and the sugar until the mixture is smooth, add the garlic, the eggs, and the buttermilk, and blend the mixture until its combined well. Add the buttermilk mixture to the flour mixture with the pine nuts and stir the batter until it is just combined. Divide the batter among 3 wellbuttered 5 34 by 3 14 by 2inch loaf pans, smooth the tops, and bake the loaves in the middle of a preheated 350degree oven for 45 to 50 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Let the loaves cool in the pans for 5 minutes, loosen the edges with a knife, and turn the loaves out onto a rack., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup grated provolone, 12 cup thinly sliced scallion, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 34 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 34 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper, 13 cup drained and chopped sundried tomatoes packed in oil, reserving 2 tablespoons of the oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 garlic cloves, cooked in boiling water for 15 minutes, drained, peeled, and mashed with a fork, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 13 cup pine nuts, toasted lightly], title: SunDried Tomato and Provolone Bread, picturelink: null}, 2849: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nPound out chicken breast between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and place in a shallow dish. Combine the oil and Taco Rub in a small bowl and sprinkle over the chicken. Let marinate for 30 minutes. Grill chicken on both sides until cooked through, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a cutting board and allow to cool. Dice chicken into bitesized pieces and set aside.nCut pizza dough into 3 even pieces. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each piece until its very thin. Brush the dough with olive oil and lightly dust with Taco Rub. Grill on both sides until crisp and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix mozzarella and Cheddar cheeses.nEvenly distribute 13 of the mozzarella and Cheddar cheese mixture on each pizza. Then top with 13 of the diced chicken. Return pizzas to the grill, cover and cook until cheese is bubbly and melted. Remove from grill. and place on serving plates. Top the pizzas with Guacamole, and Lime Chipotle Salsa, in desired amounts. Dollop sour cream on top and garnish with chopped cilantro.nCooks Note: Granulated or ground can be substituted for freezedried ingredientsnIn a small bowl, mix all ingredients together and reserve. Can be stored, covered, up to 1 month in a sterilized container.nMix all ingredients together in a small bowl.nIn medium bowl, mix all ingredients and set aside. Drizzle in honey, to taste, if salsa is too hot., ingredients: [1 1pound chicken breast, boneless, skinless, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for brushing dough, 2 to 3 tablespoons Big Daddys Taco Rub, plus more for seasoning, recipe follows, 1 16ounce tube pizza dough, storebought, Flour, for work surface, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup Guacamole, recipe follows, 1 cup Lime Chipotle Salsa, recipe follows, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon freezedried onions, 1 tablespoon freezedried garlic, 1 teaspoon freezedried oregano, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh diced small, 1 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon finely diced red onions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, finely diced, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup chopped scallions, 2 to 3 chipotle peppers in adobo, finely chopped, 14 cup finely diced red onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey, if needed], title: Grilled Savory Taco Chicken Pizza with Guacamole and Lime Chipotle Salsa, picturelink: null}, 2850: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil an 8inchdiameter cake pan. Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl to blend. Using an electric mixer, beat the sugar, eggs, and zests in a large bowl until pale and fluffy. Beat in the milk. Gradually beat in the oil. Add the flour mixture and stir just until blended. Stir in the almonds. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Place cake pan on baking pan to collect any possible spills. Bake until a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out with moist crumbs attached, about 35 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool for 15 minutes. Remove cake and place on serving platter, top side up. Sift powdered sugar over the cake.nTo make the citrus compote: Stir the orange peel, blossom water, and 2 tablespoons of accumulated juices from the segmented fruit in a small bowl to blend. Arrange the orange and grapefruit segments decoratively in a wide shallow bowl. Pour the blossom water mixture over. Cover and let stand 15 minutes for the flavors to blend.nCut the cake into wedges and spoon the citrus compote alongside., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 14 cup whole milk, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup sliced almonds, toasted, coarsely crumbled, Powdered sugar, for sifting, 2 tablespoons grated orange peel, 34 teaspoon orange blossom water, optional, 3 oranges, segmented, 2 pink grapefruits, segmented], title: Almond Citrus Olive Oil Cake, picturelink: JEunew1ttkC3wJn1y5gT1qOG61gxnVG}, 2851: {instructions: Combine the mayonnaise, ketchup, vinegar, seasoned salt, black pepper and cayenne in a bowl and whisk until smooth. Store in the fridge., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup ketchup, 4 teaspoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne], title: KickedUp Fry Sauce, picturelink: 9PtJVGJJdEbdldTzq6jSOIW4ZqsBu6}, 2852: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the pork, red pepper flakes, paprika, fennel, sage, onion, garlic and salt, to taste. Form the meat into 4 patties, put on a plate and coat with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil.nHeat a small pot over mediumlow heat and add the brown sugar, Worcestershire, vinegar, tomato sauce and black pepper, to taste. Simmer until the mixture becomes a thick steak sauce consistency, about 15 minutes.nAdd a couple inches of water to a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, then salt the water and add the broccoli rabe. Cook for 5 minutes, then drain. Transfer the broccoli rabe to a cutting board and chop it into 2inch pieces. Set aside. Return the skillet to the stove over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil. Stir in the chopped garlic and the broccoli rabe. Saute for 2 minutes, then season with a few grates of nutmeg, to taste.nHeat a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the patties and cook for 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Top the patties with a slice of provolone during the last minute of cook time and tent with foil to melt.nDivide the broccoli rabe on the bottoms of the rolls and top with the cheesy sausage patties. Slather some of the warm sauce on the roll tops and cover the burgers. Serve the burgers on individual plates with a few chips alongside., ingredients: [1 12 to 1 34 pounds coarsely ground pork ask butcher to do this, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 13 palmful, 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 23 palmful, 1 12 teaspoons ground fennel, fennel pollen or 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 1 teaspoon ground sage, 13 palmful, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 13 palmful, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 13 palmful, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 1 tablespoon, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 cup tomato sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small bundle broccoli rabe, tough ends discarded, 1 large or 2 small cloves garlic, finely chopped, A few grates nutmeg, 4 thick deli slices sharp provolone cheese, 4 ciabatta rolls or other crusty rolls, split, Storebought olive oilrosemary or herb flavored fancy potato chips], title: Hot Sausage Burgers with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone, picturelink: null}, 2853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13by2inch baking dish with butter.nUsing an electric mixer, cream the butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and 12 cup of the peanut butter. Add the egg and vanilla. Sift the flour with the baking soda and the salt. Mix the oatmeal into the flour and stir the flour into the creamed mixture. Spread the batter in the baking pan. Sprinkle the butterscotch chips over the batter and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until browned around the edges.nWhisk together the confectioners sugar, milk and the remaining 14 cup of the peanut butter until smooth, then spread the glaze evenly over the warm bars. Allow to cool completely before cutting into squares., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, room temperature, plus more for greasing, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup plus 14 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup quickcooking oatmeal, 6 ounces butterscotch chips about 1 cup, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons milk], title: Butterscotch Peanut Butter Bars, picturelink: dJOYoXTxaagHBviDwagLtYEnBuDNX62}, 2854: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Pour orange marmalade into a bowl and add about 12 of the coke. Let it set while you prepare the ham. Remove visible fat from ham and crisscross cut the ham. Place in a 9 by 13inch baking pan and pour the marmaladecoke mixture over the ham. Place in the oven uncovered and bake for 20 minutes. This allows the marmalade to set or crisp on the ham. After 20 minutes cover the ham with foil and bake for an additional 30 to 45 minutes. Baste with the pan drippings every 15 minutes. If there are not enough pan drippings, mix up some more marmalade mixture to baste on the ham. Uncover the ham for the last 20 to 30 minutes and baste every 7 or 8 minutes. Allow the marmalade mixture to brown until dark brown in color. Remove from oven. Put ham onto a platter to cool before cutting. Total cook time is about 1 hour 5 minutes to1 hour 35 minutes. Use the leftover ham in red beans the next day.nMix flour and shortening together in bowl until the shortening is well blended into the flour. Make a well or hole in the center of the flourshortening mixture. Add a portion of the milk to the well. Use a fork or your fingers and work from the center of the bowl to the outside of the bowl and blend the milk into the mixture. Add more milk as needed. The dough will be slightly sticky. To make the biscuits coat your hands with flour and pinch off enough dough for 1 biscuit, about 2 tablespoons. Roll and knead the biscuit in your hands just until it looses its stickiness. Place in a cast iron skillet. Continue to make the rest of the dough in this manner. After all biscuits are made put a little water on finger tips and gently rub the tops of each biscuit, this removes any bumps on the top of the biscuits. Bake in a preheated 450 degree oven until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 ham, bone in, 1 pint orange marmalade, 1 12ounce can coca cola classic, 2 cups selfrising flour summer wheat flour is best, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 23 to 1 cup milk], title: Sunday Ham and Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 2855: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan or wok at high heat. Stir in the chopped garlic and cook until it is golden brown. Add the Thai chile pepper and stir well.nAdd the ground chicken and cook it just halfway done. Reduce the heat to medium and add the mushrooms, fish sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, sweet soy sauce, and chicken stock. Mix well.nWhen all the ingredients are cooked, add the red bell pepper and the Thai holy basil. Mix well and season to taste with salt. Serve over steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped Thai chile pepper, 8 ounces ground chicken breast, 12 cup sliced white mushrooms, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon sugar, 12 tablespoon sweet soy sauce optional, 13 cup chicken stock, 12 cup sliced red bell pepper optional, 12 cup Thai holy basil GaPrao, Salt, Steamed jasmine rice], title: Thai Holy Basil Chicken: Pud GaPrao Gai Sap, picturelink: null}, 2856: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix the flour, egg and milk together until smooth. The batter should be loose and light. Heat a small nonstick pan on medium high. Butter the pan lightly with 14 of the butter. Wipe out any excess. Pour the batter in the pan and swirl so that the batter coats the bottom part of the pan. When the crepe is golden on the bottom, turn over and a cook the other side until golden. Remove and let cool. Repeat with remaining batter.nIn a bowl, mix the cheese and cocoa together. Add a dash of milk to loosen, although you want the mixture thick. Spoon it into 3 crepes and roll them until closed. Place side by side on a serving plate.nHeat a large saute pan on high heat. Toss in the remaining butter and then the strawberries. Cook them lightly and add Grand Marnier. Be cautious when doing this and stand back from the pan. Let the alcohol cook off and remove from the heat. Sprinkle in the sugar and toss until blended well. Spoon over the crepes and serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup milk, plus a dash, 12 tablespoon butter, 1 4ounce package cream cheese, 12 cup powdered cocoa, 10 strawberries, sliced thinly, 1 jigger Grand Marnier, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Chocolate Filled Crepes Covered with Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2857: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. One at a time, place the cutlets between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet or heavy skillet until 14 inch thick. Transfer the cutlets to a bowl and toss with the cayenne, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Set aside.nToss the plums with the remaining 14 teaspoon coriander, a pinch of salt and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Grill the plums, turning once, until just starting to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside.nGrill the turkey until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side.nFinely chop a few of the grilled plum wedges put in a large bowl. Stir in the lemon juice, the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and 14 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Add the arugula and toss. Top the turkey with the salad and the remaining grilled plums.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds turkey cutlets, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 14 teaspoons ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 firm plums, cut into 1inch wedges, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 8 cups baby arugula], title: Turkey Cutlets With Plum Salad, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 2858: {instructions: Soak bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, garlic, oil, gingerroot, sugar, vinegar, sesame seeds, and pepper. Thread the steak cubes loosely onto 8 of the skewers and thread the remaining skewers crosswise through the middle of each scallion so that the scallions stand parallel to one another. Put the beef and scallion kebabs in a shallow dish just large enough to hold them, pour the marinade over them, coating them well, and let the kebabs marinate, chilled, turning them frequently, for 25 minutes.nGrill the kebabs on an oiled rack set about 6 inches over glowing coals, turning them, for 10 minutes. Alternatively, the kebabs may be broiled under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat in the same manner. Remove the beef and scallions from skewers before serving., ingredients: [10 7inch bamboo skewers, 12 cup soy sauce, 4 garlic cloves, forced through a garlic press, 2 tablespoons Asian toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh peeled gingerroot, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, lightly toasted, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 12 pounds boneless shell steak, cut into 1inch cubes, 16 scallions, trimmed], title: Sesame Beef and Scallion Kebabs, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 2859: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites and cook until slightly tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the ginger and cook about 1 minute. Add 7 cups water, the soy sauce, sugar, salt to taste, 34 teaspoon pepper and the mushrooms. Cover and bring the broth to a simmer. Mix the cornstarch with 14 cup cold water and gradually stir into the broth. Bring to a gentle boil, stirring the broth will thicken slightly. Add the scallion greens, tomatoes and white fish to the broth, and simmer until the fish is opaque, about 3 minutes. Add the scallops, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste the scallops will cook instantly from the heat of the soup. Ladle into bowls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 bunch scallions whites cut into 14inch pieces,greens cut into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into large chunks, 12 ounces firm white fish such as pollock, cut into 1inch pieces, 6 ounces bay scallops, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: HotandSour Seafood Soup, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 2860: {instructions: MICROWAVE first 3 ingredients in large microwaveable bowl on HIGH 3 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 112 min.nSTIR in remaining ingredients.nTo Halve:nPrepare as directed, cutting all ingredients in half. Makes 114 cups or 10 servings, 2 Tbsp. each.nKeeping it Safe:nHot dips should be discarded after sitting at room temperature for 2 hours or longer.nHow to Cut Up VELVEETA:nCut VELVEETA the whole loaf into slices about 12inch thick. Then, cut each slice crosswise in both directions to make cubes.nServing Suggestion:nServe with WHEAT THINS Original Crackers or tortilla chips.nVariation:nPrepare using 1 lb. 16 oz Regular VELVEETA adding 14 cup Buffalo Wing Sauce with celery.nSpicy Buffalo Blue Chicken Dip:nPrepare as directed, stirring in 14 cup KRAFT Natural Blue Cheese Crumbles with the remaining ingredients.nHow to Bump Up the Heat:nFor a spicier dip, add 2 Tbsp. of your favorite hot pepper sauce with the remaining ingredients.nNutrition Information Per Serving: 80 calories, 5g total fat, 3.5g saturated fat, 0g trans fat, 25mg cholesterol, 260mg sodium, 2g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 5g protein, 6DV vitamin A, 0DV vitamin C, 15DV calcium, 0DV iron., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. Spicy Buffalo VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN Sour Cream, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken breast, 1 stalk celery, chopped], title: VELVEETA Spicy Buffalo Chicken Dip, picturelink: lDoTUA1FP2BYbLy3s1h5s1OfAvA4LkG}, 2861: {instructions: Discard any inedible parts of the greens, such as kale stems and tough ribs. Plunge the leaves into boiling salted water and cook until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain, then chop into small pieces.nPound the garlic with 12 teaspoon salt in a mortar until you have a rough paste, then work in the parsley and cilantro and pound them briefly to release their flavors. Add the paprika and cumin. If you do not have a mortar and pestle, chop the garlic with the parsley and cilantro, then add the spices.nWarm the oil in a wide skillet over medium heat with the garlicherb mixture. As soon as it releases its flavor, when the oil has heated, add the greens. Cook, stirring frequently, until any extra moisture has evaporated. Taste for salt. Pile into a dish and garnish with the olives, lemon, and tomato wedges., ingredients: [12 cups mixed greens, such as kale, chard, beet, or escarole, Salt to taste, 3 large garlic cloves, 1 cup finely chopped Italian parsley, 1 cup finely chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons hot or sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons fruity olive oil, Garnish: green or oilcured Moroccan olives, lemon wedges, and tomato optional], title: Mixed Greens with Garlic, Cumin and Paprika, picturelink: null}, 2862: {instructions: Combine nuts and fruit., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted mixed nuts, 2 tablespoons dried fruit], title: Dried Fruit and Nuts, picturelink: null}, 2863: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine gingerbread mix, melted butter, and egg. Add up to 14 cup flour if dough seems too wet.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 14inch thickness. Cut out dough with a 2inch round cookie cutter and transfer to an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes. Cool completely on a cooling rack.nSprinkle the cinnamon into the ice cream. Spread ice cream on bottom half of cooled cookies and top with remaining cookies. Dip sandwiches in sprinkles for fun., ingredients: [1 package 14.5ounces gingerbread mix, 12 stick 14 cup butter, melted, 1 egg, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pint French vanilla ice cream, Multicolored sprinkles, optional], title: Gingersnap Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 2864: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place the dough on a floured pizza peel and spread. Place calzone cheese on dough, and then other ingredients on top of cheese and fold and seal calzone. Brush top of calzone with olive oil and bake in 400 degree oven for 15 minutes or until golden brown.nPlace cheese in bowl, add parsley, basil, Romano and mix well. In separate bowl, place garlic and onion and crack 3 eggs on top. Mix well and add to cheese mixture until well incorporated., ingredients: [Pizza Dough any generic pizza dough recipe will suffice, 6 ounces Calzone Cheese see recipe below, 4 ounces pepperoni, sliced into strips, 4 ounces mild Italian rope sausage, cooked and sliced on the bias, 4 ounces roasted roma tomatoes, sliced in half, 14 cup olive oil, 2 12 pounds shredded Provolone cheese, 212 pounds shredded whole milk mozzarella cheese, 1 cup dried parsley, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 2 cups of grated Locatelli Romano cheese, 4 garlic cloves, minced fine, 1 cup minced onions, 3 eggs], title: Calzone Maria, picturelink: null}, 2865: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels until cool, then chop into small pieces. Add the onion to the skillet with the bacon grease and cook over mediumlow heat until light golden, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nStir together the flour, powdered milk, baking powder, sugar, cream of tartar and salt in a medium bowl. Using a pastry cutter, cut the chilled butter bits and shortening into the dry mixture until blended thoroughly. Stir in the bacon and onion. Fold in the buttermilk until the dough comes together.nOn a lightly floured surface, turn out the dough and use your hands to press into a circle 1 to 1 12 inches thick. Cut out circles with a biscuit cutter or a glass. Place the biscuits in castiron skillets, then brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 strips bacon, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup powdered milk, 5 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons cold butter, cut into bits, plus 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 cup shortening, 1 12 cups buttermilk], title: Bacon and Onion Biscuits, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 2866: {instructions: Gently mix together the strawberries, citrus segments and green and red grapes in a large bowl. Bag into small snacksize bags., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, 6 to 8 clementines, mandarins or small tangerines, such as Cuties, peeled and separated into segments, 1 bunch green grapes, picked off the stalks, 1 bunch red grapes, picked off the stalks], title: Football Fruit, picturelink: null}, 2867: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high. Form the meat into 4 14inch thick burgers. Season the meat with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on both sides for medium doneness. When the burgers are done, remove from the heat and reduce heat to mediumlow.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise and roasted garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread both sides of each bun with mayonnaise and mustard. Place a slice of cheese on the bottom portion of each bun, place the burger on top of the cheese, then top the cheese with a slice of ham and another slice of cheese, and finally, the pickle slices. Place the tops of the bun over the pickles, wrap the burgers in aluminum foil, and place them on the grill. Using a heavy pan or a brick wrapped in foil, press down on the burgers for about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Lower the lid on the grill and continue grilling for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the cheese has melted and the bun has become pressed and firm., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup bestquality mayonnaise, 3 cloves roasted garlic, pureed, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 4 soft, classic hamburger buns, 8 slices thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 4 slices thinly sliced smoked ham, 2 dill pickles, sliced 14inch thick], title: Cubanstyle Burgers on the Grill, picturelink: 04fjkhtOXrvdOwmb4CE4hnUfQi66YWC}, 2868: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the red peppers. Place each bell pepper over the open flame of a gas burner or grill, cooking until the skin blackens and blisters. Rotate the peppers and blacken all the way around, about 15 minutes. Alternatively, you can roast the peppers in the oven by placing the bell peppers on a baking sheet and placing under the broiler, turning frequently, until the peppers are blackened and blistered all over. Put the blackened peppers in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside to steam.nToast the walnuts. Spread the walnuts on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Pop into the oven until light golden brown and aromatic, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nPeel the red peppers using a paring knife. Discard the peels, stem and seeds. Throw the roasted red peppers, walnuts, garlic, paprika, cumin, red pepper flakes, lemon juice, pomegranate molasses and olive oil into a food processor with a teaspoon of salt, and run until the dip is smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust accordingly. Cool and serve., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 1 12 cups raw walnuts, halves and pieces, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 12 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Red Pepper and Walnut Dip Muhummara, picturelink: LThpR0xnJ8VoqCkXgpFD6HJYJZTSmFu}, 2869: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor combine the flour, sugars, salt, baking soda and butter. Pulse, pulse, pulse until the mixture resembles finely grated cheese. Add the orange zest, juice and the egg. Pulse, pulse, pulse until the mixture is just combined. Remove to a bowl and stir in the diced orange and cranberries.nGrease and flour the loaf pan and add the batter. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Rotate the pan halfway through the cooking time to insure even cooking.nWhen done let cool for about 20 minutes and remove from loaf pan. Let cool completely before cutting.nYummy, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for loaf pan, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick cold butter, cut into pea size pieces, plus extra for loaf pan, 1 orange, zested, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 1 orange, peeled, sections removed and diced, 1 egg, 1 cup dried cranberries, Special Equipment: 9 by 5inch loaf pan], title: Cranberry Orange Quickbread, picturelink: AzuDIxDUC2Hgu10Xbf1q5OhlUvkvQCO}, 2870: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large microwavesafe bowl and cover with water by about 14 inch. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until just tender, about 6 minutes drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or wide pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft and golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the potatoes, paprika, allspice, cayenne and 1 12 teaspoons salt stir until the potatoes are coated with the spices and begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in 1 cup water and the tomatoes, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes.nStir in the mussels, olives and parsley. Cover and cook until the mussels open, 4 to 5 minutes. Discard any that do not open.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of allspice, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 14 pounds mussels, scrubbed, 23 cup halved pitted green olives, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Mussels With Potatoes and Olives, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 2871: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSplit and scoop out potato flesh. Add your choice of meat, Neelys BBQ sauce and cheese, to the potato flesh. Stuff potato shell with mixture and bake for 10 minutes or until heated through. Top with sour cream and garnish with cheese, to taste.nCombine all of the sauce ingredients in a stockpot or large Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring frequently to prevent sticking. Reduce temperature to low and simmer, uncovered, for at least 2 hours.nMix all the ingredients and set aside., ingredients: [1 large baked potato, 12 pound grilled turkey, pulled pork, or BBQ ribs, 1 tablespoon Neelys BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Cheddar, plus more for garnish, Sour cream, 16 ounces ketchup, 8 ounces water, 3 ounces brown sugar, 3 ounces white sugar, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon dry mustard powder, 1ounce lemon juice, 1ounce Worcestershire sauce, 4 ounces apple cider vinegar, 1ounce light corn syrup, 2 ounces Neelys BBQ Seasoning, recipe follows, 4 ounces paprika, 2 ounces white sugar, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: Neelys BBQ Baked Potato, picturelink: F8d1sZXZmYnTvA7GrtGbXZwR5x2Wwjm}, 2872: {instructions: Put 2 tablespoons of yogurt in the bottom of each of four juice glasses. Top with 4 orange slices. Sprinkle the oranges with a 1 12 tablespoons of cereal, followed by 2 more tablespoons of yogurt. Top with diced pineapple then with another 1 12 tablespoons cereal., ingredients: [2 cups vanilla yogurt lowfat or nonfat is fine, 1 small can mandarin oranges, drained, 34 cup crisped rice breakfast cereal, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple], title: Tropical Breakfast Parfait, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 2873: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 1 or 2 baking sheets with foil. Cut the pita rounds into eighths. Split each piece in two and place on the prepared baking sheets, with the inside of the bread facing up. Spray with the olive oil cooking spray and sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of the Greek seasoning. Bake 7 to 10 minutes, or until golden.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet, brown the ground lamb with the garlic salt and the remaining 2 teaspoons Greek seasoning. Drain and set aside. In a shallow 1 12quart dish, spread the hummus on the bottom. Top with a layer of ground lamb, then the tzatziki. Layer with the lettuce, tomatoes, onion, olives and feta. Serve the dip at room temperature with pita chips.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 14ounce package pita bread, Olive oil cooking spray, 4 teaspoons Greek seasoning, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 16ounce container prepared hummus, 1 12 cups tzatziki gyro sauce, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 2 medium roma tomatoes, diced, 12 diced red onion, 12 cup kalamata olives, chopped, 1 4ounce container crumbled feta cheese], title: Greek Layered Dip With Pita Chips, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 2874: {instructions: To make the Lemon Brodetto, warm the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute until tender, about 7 minutes. Add the lemon juice, zest, and broth. Bring to a simmer, and keep warm, covered, over low heat.nTo make the Pea Puree, combine the peas, mint, garlic, salt, and pepper in a food processor and puree. With the machine running, add the olive oil in a steady drizzle. Transfer the pea puree to a small bowl and stir in the Parmesan. Set aside.nTo make the Salmon, warm the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over high heat. Season the salmon pieces with salt and pepper. Sear the salmon until a golden crust forms, about 4 to 5 minutes on the first side. Flip the fish and continue cooking until mediumrare, about 2 minutes more depending on the thickness of the fish.nTo assemble the dish, add the tablespoon chopped mint to the Lemon Brodetto and divide between 4 shallow dishes. Place a large spoonful of Pea Puree into the center of each bowl. Place a salmon piece atop each mound of Pea Puree. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, diced, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 cups frozen peas, thawed about 10 ounces, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, 4 4 to 6ounce pieces salmon, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon in Lemon Brodetto with Pea Puree, picturelink: Yyes4wjoVw.EcoXiZBz9cJfYUl0Muge}, 2875: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine tuna, celery, relish, mayonnaise and lemon juice and mix well.nSpray small frying pan with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over medium low heat. Place tortilla in pan. Place 12 tuna mixture on one half of each tortilla and top with 14 cup cheddar cheese and top with second tortilla.nCook for 1  2 minutes until tortilla begins to brown flip tortilla and cook on second side until browned and cheese begins to bubble approximately 1  2 minutes.nRemove from pan and cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 pouch 6.4 oz. or 2 pouches 2.6 oz. StarKistu00ae Chunk Light or Albacore Tuna, 12 cup diced celery, 2 tbsp. sweet pickle relish, 14 cup light mayonnaise, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 4 soft 6inch flour tortillas, 12 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese], title: Charlies Tuna Melt Quesadilla, picturelink: YmU18puSuc5ICpRXJv.HzbXdOUprUC}, 2876: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Put a small amount of oil in a skillet. Rub both sides of your steak with salt and pepper. Preheat the skillet over a high flame until it starts to smoke. Using tongs gently place the steak in the pan. Allow steak to cook for about 3 minutes per side and then place the pan into the oven for an additional couple of minutes. Remove from the oven, put on cutting board or plate and let the steak rest for a couple of minutes., ingredients: [Wagyu steaks, Salt and pepper, Cooking oil], title: Wagyu Steak, picturelink: null}, 2877: {instructions: For the topping: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the oats, sugar, almonds, butter, cinnamon and salt and stir with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs set aside.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, stir together the peaches, sugar, cornstarch, almond extract and nutmeg and transfer to an 8 or 9inch shallow baking dish. Crumble the topping over the peach mixture. Bake until the filling is hot and bubbly and the topping is golden brown, 40 to 50 minutes. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream if desired., ingredients: [12 cup rolled oats, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup sliced almonds, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 cups sliced peaches about 4 to 6 peaches, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Peach Almond Crumble, picturelink: null}, 2878: {instructions: In a large bowl with an electric mixture beat large eggs, with cup sugar until the mixture is thick and light. Add sour cream, butter, and vanilla and combine the mixture well. In a bowl sift together flour, doubleacting baking powder, salt and add the mixture to the sourcream mixture, 1 cup at a time, stirring after each addition until the dough is just combined. With a wooden spoon stir in more flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to leave the sides of the bowl. The dough will be sticky. Turn the dough out onto a surface sprinkled generously with flour, dust it with more flour, and roll or pat it out 13  inch thick. Let the dough rest for 15 minutes. With a 2 12 inch cutter dipped in flour cut out rounds. With a 1inch cutter dipped in flour cut out the centers from the rounds, reserving them, and cut 1inch rounds, reserving them, from the scraps. The doughnuts will be tough if the dough is rolled again.nIn a large deep fryer heat 3 inches vegetable shortening or vegetable oil to 365 degrees and in it fry the doughnuts, 4 at a time, for 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden brown, transferring them with a skimmer as they are fried to paper towels to drain. Fry the doughnut holes, 8 at a time, for 45 seconds on each side, or until they are golden brown, transferring them with the skimmer as they are fried to paper towels to drain.nIn the top of a double boiler set over simmering water combine milk, butter, and vanilla and heat the mixture until the butter is melted. Add gradually sugar, beating, and beat the glaze until it is smooth. Dip donuts and holes, 1 at a time, in the glaze, turning them to coat them, and transfer them with tongs to a rack set over waxed paper to dry. If desired, the doughnuts may be left unglazed and dredged in granulated sugar, shaking off the excess., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 14 cups all  purpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil or vegetable shortening, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Glazed Cake Donuts, picturelink: null}, 2879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: two 6cavity 4ounce dome molds an acetate sheet a 4inch square stencil a 3 12inch square stencil 3 parchment paper cornets a hand blendernFill each dome mold cavity to 14inch from the top with White Chocolate Mousse, then place an Old School Sugar Cookie on top of each, pressing lightly to make it level.nFreeze until solid, at least 2 hours, and unmold onto a wire cooling rack set on a sheet pan. Pour the Glaze over the domes to make an even coating on each. Top each dome with a gold petal. Makes 12 entremets reserve remaining for another use.nLine a sheet pan with acetate, dust evenly with cornstarch and set aside.nLightly dust your workspace with cornstarch and roll out the gum paste to 18inch thick. Using the 4inch square stencil, cut 1 square. Place the 3 12inch square stencil in the center of the 4inch square, then score the gum paste around the stencil cut all the way through to prevent pulling and warping the shape of the frame. Repeat 7 more times. Transfer the frames to the lined sheet pan and allow to dry 8 hours or up to overnight.nFill a cornet with about 13 cup Royal Icing, snip the tip about 7 millimeters and begin piping your design in each frame, connecting the lines to the edges of the frame. Set aside to dry completely, about 2 hours.nOnce dry, carefully brush any excess cornstarch off the frame and balance the frames on little cups or vessels of the same height so that the frame is suspended flat. Fill another cornet with another 13 cup Royal Icing, snip the tip about 4 millimeters and begin to pipe thin lines, starting at the edge of the frame, allowing gravity to let them drape down a bit. Connect again at the thicker dried Royal Icing and connect finally at the opposite edge of the frame. Continue with all frames and allow to dry completely, 1 to 2 hours.nOnce all are dry, begin building the box. Set the entremet in the center of a dessert plate. Fill a cornet with Royal Icing and cut a 7millimeter hole at the tip. Pipe a line of Royal Icing along the bottom edge of 2 frames. Set them around the entremet at a 90degree angle and seal the seam where they are joined with more Royal Icing. Repeat with another 2 frames to build the walls surrounding the entremet. Pipe along the edges of one more frame piece and balance on the top of the walls to make a complete box. Pipe the seams and decorate with dragees. Allow to dry completely, about 2 hours, then serve.nPut the chocolate, butter, vanilla and salt in the top of a double boiler or heatproof bowl over simmering water.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the cream with 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar until thick but still smooth. Scrape it into a bowl, put it in the fridge, then clean the stand mixer bowl and whisk really well.nIn the cleaned stand mixer bowl using the clean whisk attachment, whip the egg whites, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar until you have a fluffy meringue, 7 to 10 minutes. Set aside at room temperature.nWithout cleaning the bowl, whip the egg yolks and remaining tablespoon sugar until light and fluffy. This will take a few minutes, so go stir your chocolate. If it is melted, pull it off the heat and set it aside.nWhen the yolks are light, creamy yellow and fluffy and the chocolate is slightly warmer than room temperature, fold them together. Next, fold in the meringue, and finally, fold in the whipped cream.nIn a big bowl, combine the butter, sugar, lemon zest, salt and vanilla and mix until smooth and fluffy. Stir in the baking powder, taking care to mix well. Add the eggs and egg yolk and stir well. Add the flours and gently stir until a smooth ball forms. Wrap the dough in plastic and put in the fridge for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet or sheets with parchment paper no cooking spray.nOn a floured surface, roll out tennis ballsize pieces of dough to about 14 inch thick and cut out the shapes you want, for the entremets use a 3 inch round cutter. Lay them on the prepared baking sheet, leaving at least 14 inch between each cookie.nBake for 8 minutes, or until lightly golden. Let the cookies cool on a wire rack.nAdapted from Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home by Duff Goldman u00a9 William Morrow 2015. Provided courtesy of Duff Goldman. All rights reserved.nWhisk together the gelatin and 13 cup water and set aside to bloom. Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small pot and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and whisk in the gelatin to dissolve.nPour over the chocolate, then allow to sit a minute. Add the condensed milk and emulsify with a hand blender. Color to the desired shade of red with red gel. Cool to 86 degrees F before pouring over the Entremet.nUsing a stand mixer and the whisk attachment, whip most of the powdered sugar with most of the other ingredients. Whip for 5 to 8 minutes, or until the royal icing holds its shape and is bright white not translucent. If it is too soft, add more powdered sugar. If it is too stiff, add a bit more liquid, drop by drop. If you are using only one color, add a few drops of the color at this point and keep whipping until you have the shade you want otherwise, proceed to the next step.nTo store royal icing, the ideal way is to scrape it out of the bowl and into a plastic, disposable piping bag, then leave it at room temperature. Dont cut the bag until youre ready to use the royal icing, and dont overfill the bagu00bfyou want enough room to tie the back of the bag off to keep the royal icing airtight. If any air comes into contact with the royal icing, it gets hard and that part of the icing is useless. Never attempt to mix the hard bits back into the royal icingu00bfyoull ruin the whole batch. The other accepted method of storing royal icing is to scrape it into a plastic or ceramic bowl, and cover it with a wet paper towel. This method works, but it wastes both paper towels and royal icing. Its also just annoying. When youre piping small designs, you want to use very small parchment piping bags. Its easy to stick the nose of a large piping bag into a smaller one and extract exactly how much youll need. When the icing is in a bowl, you have to use a spoon to get it out. The spoon is difficult to get into a piping bag, and youll keep using spoons and wasting royal icing. Get with the times people. Do it right and dont waste food.nAdapted from Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home by Duff Goldman u00a9 William Morrow 2015. Provided courtesy of Duff Goldman. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 recipe White Chocolate Mousse, recipe follows, 1 recipe Old School Sugar Cookies, recipe follows, 1 recipe Glaze, recipe follows, Gold petals, for decorating, Cornstarch, for dusting, 1 pound gum paste, Royal Icing, recipe follows, Dragees, for decorating, 8 ounces chopped white chocolate, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 7 extralarge eggs, separated, 5 drops lemon juice, 6 sticks 3 cups butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 extralarge eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 2 cups cake flour, 7 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 3 cups granulated sugar, 1 34 cups chopped white couverture chocolate, 23 cup sweetened condensed milk, Red gel food coloring, 4 cups powdered sugar approximately, 3 extralarge pasteurized egg whites, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, or, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, 5 to 7 tablespoons water, or, 4 cups royal icing powder CK products is my favorite, 12 cup water], title: Entremet Giftbox, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 2880: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add shrimp, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add basil, Scotch bonnet pepper, garlic, and onion, stirring shrimp to coat. Remove skillet from heat, and add wine. Return to heat, and add curry sauce and coconut milk. Cook, stirring until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes. Place 34 cup of rice in each coconut half. Place 4 shrimp on the rice, and top with coconut curry sauce. Garnish with fried plantain chips and fried ginger chips, if desired. Serve immediately.nHeat oil in a small heavybottomed saucepan over low heat. Add curry powder, and cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Add onion, garlic, bell pepper, scallion, and sprig of thyme. Cook until vegetables are soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 3 cups water, and simmer over low heat for 1 hour. Add coconut milk, and stir until well combined. Strain into a small saucepan, and continue cooking until reduced and the sauce thickly coats the back of a spoon, 8 to 10 minutes more. Sauce may be stored, covered, in refrigerator for up to 1 week.nYield: 34 cup, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 extra large or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined with the tail section left on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon very thinly sliced basil, 14 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and julienned, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 small onion, chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons Curry Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 12 cups cooked white rice, 1 coconut, halved, Plantain chips, for garnish optional, Fried ginger chips, for garnish optional, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 scallion, trimmed and finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 6 ounces unsweetened coconut milk], title: Jamess Coconut Curry Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 2881: {instructions: 1. Bring a large pot of water to boil, then remove from heat. Dunk in the rice noodles. Soak do not boil the noodles until soft enough to eat, but still firm and a little crunchy. Drain and rinse the noodles thoroughly with cold water. Set aside.n2. In a small bowl or cup, dissolve the tamarind paste in the hot water. Then add the other sauce ingredients, stirring well. Adjust seasonings to your taste. Set aside.n3. Heat a wok over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 TBSP of oil, then add the shallots and garlic. Stirfry 1 minute.n4. Add the shrimp plus 23 TBSP of chicken stock. Stirfry 23 minutes, or until shrimp are pink and plump.n5. Push ingredients aside, making room in the center of your wokpan. Add 1 TBSP of oil, then crack in the egg. Stirfry to scramble 30 seconds to 1 minute.n6. Add the drained noodles and drizzle over the pad Thai sauce. Use 2 utensils and a gentle tossing motion to stirfry everything together. Keep the heat between medium and mediumhigh you want your pan hot enough to cook the noodles, but not so hot that the bottom of your pan burns. Stirfry 46 minutes, or until noodles are chewy and a little bit sticky.n7. Remove from heat and adjust seasoning to your taste.n8. Top with the scallions, cilantro, and peanuts, and garnish with lime wedges.nSeries: Kelsey  Spike Cook Episode: Thai Ep. 0, ingredients: [12 cup hot water, 1 12 TBSP tamarind paste, 5 TBSP fish sauce substitute 6 TBSP soy sauce if vegetarian, 1 fresh red chili, minced or 12 tsp. cayenne pepper, 56 TBSP palm sugar, 8 oz. Thai rice noodles, 23 TBSP oil for stirfrying, 3 TBSP chicken stock, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cups medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 egg, 2 cups bean sprouts, 18 tsp. ground white pepper, 3 scallions, finely sliced, 12 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 14 cup dry roasted peanuts, ground or chopped, Lime wedges for serving], title: Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 2882: {instructions: Bring large pot of salted water to a boil. Add broccoli rabe simmer 5 minutes. Using a skimmer, remove broccoli rabe and set aside. Return water to a boil, or discard and bring a fresh pot of salted water to a boil.nCook cavatelli following package directions. Drain.nMeanwhile, heat olive oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add sausage and onion cook 5 minutes or until no longer pink, breaking up sausage with wooden spoon. Add garlic and cooked broccoli rabe cook 5 minutes. Add chicken broth and salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer. Add parsley and remove from heat.nPour sausage mixture over cooked pasta. Sprinkle with cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch broccoli rabe, rinsed and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 pounds frozen cavatelli or 1 pound dried, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 medium onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, rinsed and dried, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Cavatelli with Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 2883: {instructions: In a saucepan, over high heat, combine fish stock, saffron and white wine, bring to a boil. Reduce to simmering and let cook for 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a separate saucepan, over high heat, add the butter and garlic. Cook until the garlic is tender. Add saffron broth and bring to a boil. Add the rest of the ingredients including the mussels and cover.nWhen the mussels open up remove the pan from the heat and let it seat for 1 to 2 minutes. Serve in a bowl and garnish with a slice of fresh lemon or lime., ingredients: [6 cups fish broth, 12 teaspoon saffron, 12 cup white wine, 2 pounds P.E.I mussels, 2 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped scallions, 1 teaspoon freshly minced thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly minced oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly minced basil leaves, 1 cup ripe tomatoes, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chili flakes, to taste, 1 lemon or lime, sliced, for garnish], title: Black Mussels Steamed in Saffron Broth Recipe, picturelink: null}, 2884: {instructions: Combine the juice of the lemon half, olive oil, wine, garlic and basil in a small mixing bowl. Brush all the vegetables and the trout fillet liberally with the oil mixture, then season them with the salt and pepper.nFold a sheet of parchment paper in half to mark the center, then unfold it and position the spinach about 1inch above the crease on the sheet. Position the trout fillet on the spinach, then layer the remaining vegetables except the tomatoes on the fillet. Top the vegetables with the tomato slices and brush them with the oil mixture. Fold the parchment paper over the fish, then cut the paper into a semicircle. Tightly fold the edge of the semicircle to a width of 3 inches to form an airtight bag. Place the bag in a pie tin. Place the pie tin in a preheated 375 degree oven and bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the tin from the oven, cut the bag open and transfer the contents to a hot dinner plate. Garnish with a parsley sprig below the rim of the plate and position the lemon cog wheels side by side on the parsley sprig. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon chablis, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon fresh basil, chopped, 1 cup spinach, cooked, 4 asparagus spears, 2 baby carrots, 3 slices red potatoes, 18inch thick, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch black pepper, 1 trout fillet, 2 slices tomato, 14inch thick, 1 fresh flat leaf parsley sprig, 2 lemon cog wheel], title: Trout Landwehr, picturelink: null}, 2885: {instructions: Make the Chile Sauce: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl, mix well, and season with salt, to taste. Set asidenMake the Chicken and Rice: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil enough water to immerse the chicken. Stuff the cavity of the chicken with the scallion and ginger. Add the chicken to the boiling water, breast sidedown. Lower the heat to a simmer just under boiling point and cook, covered, until just cooked through, about 40 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to an ice water bath for about 5 to 6 minutes. This is to arrest the cooking and will make the chicken skin crisp. Drain. Debone the chicken and cut into bitesized pieces. Reserve the chicken stock, and keep hot.nHeat the oil in a wok or saucepan over high heat. Add the garlic and stirfry until fragrant. Add the rice and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes. Add enough of the hot reserved chicken soup to reach 12 inch above the top of the rice. Bring to the boil, add the salt, and lower the heat to low. When steam holes form in the rice, cover the wok, and steam until cooked, about 30 minutes.nWhisk 14 cup of the hot chicken stock into the chile sauce.nArrange the rice and poached chicken on a platter and drizzle with the chile sauce., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh red chiles, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt, 1 2pound chicken, 1 scallion, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 slices fresh, peeled ginger, 6 tablespoon vegetable oil or olive oil, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups longgrain uncooked rice, 1 teaspoon fine salt], title: Hainanese Chicken Rice, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 2886: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, honey, vinegar, chili powder, black pepper, garlic, coriander, cumin and cayenne in a flat dish and mix well to form a paste. Coat the venison steaks uniformly with this seasoning mixture and allow to marinate overnight, refrigerated.nPreheat an outdoor hardwood charcoal grill for about 20 to 30 minutes or until the coals have turned white.nCut the rolls in half, brush some olive oil on the inside of the rolls and toast the rolls briefly over the grill.nDivide the lettuce evenly between the rolls, top with equal amounts of pickles and jalapeno peppers.nSeason the venison steaks with coarse salt and lay them out on the grill, trying not to overcrowd the grilling surface. Depending on the size of your grill you may need to do this in two batches. Cooking quickly over a hot fire, 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare steak sandwiches. The venison will also cook very quickly because of its naturally lean texture. Be careful of flare ups from the oil in the marinade.nFinish the hoagie by placing a venison steak on each roll and top the venison off with some coffee barbecue sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Cool, then puree in a blender or food processor until smooth. You may leave this chunky or strain through a wire mesh for a smoother textured sauce. This can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks in a covered container. Yield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground toasted cumin seed, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 pounds venison steaks, cut from the leg, 5 to 6ounce portions, 6 Italian or Portuguese sandwich rolls, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 cup spicy bread and butter zucchini pickles, 2 to 3 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, Coarse salt to taste, 1 cup coffee barbecue sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup very strong black coffee, espresso preferred, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 2 tablespoon dark molasses, 3 fresh hot chili peppers, such as jalapeno, seeds removed, 2 tablespoons hot dry mustard mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder], title: Grilled Venison Hoagies with Coffee Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2887: {instructions: Spread 1 12 cups quickcooking oats on a baking sheet toast in a 350 degrees F oven, 10 minutes. Let cool completely. Transfer to a bowl and add 13 cup each shredded coconut, chocolatehazelnut spread and crunchy peanut butter, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon chia seeds and 14 teaspoon kosher salt mix well with a rubber spatula. Roll into small balls, about 1 tablespoon each. Roll in a mixture of 13 cup salted sunflower seeds and 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, pressing to adhere., ingredients: [], title: Birdseed Truffles, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 2888: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray cookie sheet with cooking spray.nUnroll dough place on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 14x10inch rectangle.nIn small bowl, mix chicken and wing sauce spread down center of rectangle to within 1 inch of edges. Sprinkle with cheese.nFold shorter sides of dough 1 inch over filling. Bring long sides of dough over filling, overlapping in center pinch edge to seal.nBake 14 to 16 minutes or until golden brown.nBuffalo wing sauces vary in flavor. Experiment with different brands to determine your favorite.., ingredients: [1 can Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated classic pizza crust, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, 14 cup Buffalo wing sauce, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Buffalo Chicken Stromboli, picturelink: null}, 2889: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Add molasses and eggs and mix well. Combine flour, ground ginger, baking soda and salt, and add to butter mixture. Blend in fresh and candied ginger. Drop by teaspoonful onto parchment covered baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Bake about 10 minutes, or until lightly golden. Cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups unsalted butter, 2 cups light brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 2 eggs, 4 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons ground ginger, 4 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons fresh ginger, grated, 1 cup candied ginger, finely chopped], title: Ginger Snaps, picturelink: null}, 2890: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 4inch round cutter a rulernPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUse a 4inch round cutter to cut out a hole in the exact center of two of the cakes. Using an offset spatula or butter knife, add a 14inch layer of the frosting to one of the whole cakes, which will become the bottom layer. Then place one cake with a hole in it over the top of the bottom layer. Frost that cake with a 14inch layer of frosting. Place the second cake with the hole over the top and frost that cake with a 14inch layer of frosting. Set the remaining whole cake aside for a later use. Measure the height of the barrel created in the cake center.nSpray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Dust flour on a clean surface and roll out the pie crust to 18inch thick. Use a ruler to cut 15 strips of pie dough, 1inch wide and the height of the cake, and then use the 4inch round cutter to cut a round of pie dough. Transfer the pie strips and round to the prepared baking sheet. Bake the dough until golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nFrost the inside of the barrel of the cake. Drop the pie round into the bottom of the barrel to create the bottom. Lightly press the baked pie strips into the sides of the barrel directly next to each other until the barrel is fully formed. Pour the cherry pie filling into the center of the barrel. Finally place the remaining whole cake on top to cover. Cover the entire cake with the remaining chocolate frosting. Dust with confectioners sugar to serve.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the flour, sugar and salt. Slowly drop in the cubed butter and mix until the mixture resembles wet sand. In a small bowl whisk together the egg yolks and heavy cream, then pour the mixture into the bowl of the stand mixer and whip until just combined. Turn the dough out onto a clean cutting board and cut in half. Using your hands, gently push each half of dough into a disc and wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours or up to overnight., ingredients: [4 boxes chocolate cake mix, baked, cooled and leveled, 3 cans storebought whipped chocolate frosting, Nonstick cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pie crust, recipe follows or storebought, One 12ounce can cherry pie filling, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, 1 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound 4 sticks cold butter, cubed, 14 cup heavy cream, 4 egg yolks], title: Cherry Pie Stuffed Chocolate Cake, picturelink: uAZfx8sjrV2oneJCPYik2E5EcIhYgu}, 2891: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place the drained pasta in a large bowl. Add the cheese and toss until coated.nFor the pesto: In a small skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the peas, smoked mozzarella, spinach, Parmesan, lemon juice, lemon zest, the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and the cooked shallot mixture. Blend until smooth, but still slightly chunky.nPour the pesto over the pasta and toss until coated, adding the reserved pasta water as needed to loosen the sauce. Sprinkle with the toasted almonds and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound fusilli pasta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon plus 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, 2 12 cups frozen peas, thawed, 4 ounces smoked mozzarella, rind removed, grated 1 cup, 1 packed cup baby spinach leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, from 12 a large lemon, Zest of 1 large lemon, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, coarsely chopped], title: Fusilli with Pea Pesto and Smoked Mozzarella, picturelink: 7GpvKxUlnnbin8WEmMudRZn4hphQG}, 2892: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Melt together butter lemon and garlic. Place bread on cookie sheet. Brush bread halves with butter mixture. Sprinkle each bread half with 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Season with paprika salt and pepper. Broil until golden brown. Cut into 1inchwide slices and serve., ingredients: [Juice of 12 a lemon, 112 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 4 garlic cloves, 1 1pound loaf French bread baguette, halved lengthwise, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Paprika, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 2893: {instructions: Warm 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butternut squash, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Saute until the squash is golden and tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the vegetable stock, bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the squash is very soft, another 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the squash mixture to a blender or food processor and puree.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nMeanwhile, warm the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the prawns with the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and remaining 12 teaspoon of freshly ground black pepper. Add the prawns to the pan and cook until just pink, about 3 minutes.nIn a large pot over low heat combine the cooked pasta, pureed squash mixture, and 34 cup milk. Stir to combine. Add the remaining 14 cup milk if the sauce needs to be moistened. Add the cooked prawns, basil, and cheese. Stir until warm and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 pound butternut squash, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 12 teaspoon, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 pound rigatoni, 1 pound prawns, peeled and deveined, 34 to 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Rigatoni with Squash and Prawns, picturelink: wCcnCNXSKfeCtPHPPpIVY6bi42MJQQ6}, 2894: {instructions: Heat 12 tablespoon of the peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add eggs and tilt pan to coat the surface. Cook eggs in an even layer until cooked through, flipping halfway through cooking about 2 minutes per side. Remove eggs, dice into small pieces and set aside.nTo the same pan, heat remaining peanut oil. Add onion, garlic and ginger and cook 2 minutes. Add diced pork and cook 3 minutes, until golden brown. Add rice, soy sauce and sesame oil and cook 2 minutes to heat through. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro.nTransfer to a serving plate and top with chopped eggs., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, divided, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 cooked pork chops, diced about 2 cups, 1 cup rice, regular or instant, cooked according to package directions, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Crispy Pork Fried Rice, picturelink: n4gNtXWW2MQuWiyZ.ZJ5c9lWy3JDCm}, 2895: {instructions: In a kettle bring 5 gallons water to a boil.nWhile water is coming to a boil, in a deep sink rinse crabs in 2 or 3 changes of water. Do not fill sink too full or crabs may crawl out. Add 2 tablespoons CrabBoil Spices, cayenne, salt, lemons, and onions to boiling water and boil 5 minutes. Add potatoes and garlic and boil until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer potatoes and garlic with a large sieve to a large platter and keep warm, covered with foil. Add corn to boiling water and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer corn with tongs to platter and keep warm, covered with foil.nReturn water to a boil. Transfer about 6 crabs carefully with long tongs to sieve, holding them down in sieve with tongs, and turn crabs out into boiling water. Add remaining crabs in same manner. Return water to a boil and cook crabs until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. To determine doneness, remove a claw and crack it with the handle of a dinner knife. Use knife to extract meat from claw. Transfer crabs with sieve to another large platter and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon CrabBoil Spices.nServe with French bread.nIn a food processor combine all ingredients and pulse until mixture forms a coarse powder. Crabboil spices keep in a wellsealed container for several months in a cool, dark place.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [18 live blue crabs, 2 tablespoons CrabBoil Spices, recipe follows, 12 tablespoon cayenne, 14 cup table salt, 2 lemons, quartered, 1 onion ,halved, 34 pounds small potatoes about 2 inches in diameter, 1 head of garlic not separated into cloves, 3 ears of corn, shucked, 1 tablespoon CrabBoil Spices, or to taste, for sprinkling over boiled seafood, Accompaniment: French bread, 14 cup pickling spices, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 2 tablespoons dried hot red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 5 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon minced dried chives, 14 cup sea salt], title: Spicy Crab Boil, picturelink: null}, 2896: {instructions: For the filling: Whisk together the chicken broth and flour in a microwavesafe 8by8by2inch baking dish for an 1,100watt oven or a 4quart microwavesafe bowl for a 700watt oven, until there are no lumps. Stir in the onions, celery, butter, thyme sprig, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover tightly with plastic wrap cut a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high at 100 percent power for 5 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 8 minutes in a 700watt oven.nRemove the dish from the microwave, and remove the plastic wrap be careful to avoid the hot steam. Carefully whisk the broth mixture until there are no clumps of flour at the bottom. Put the dish back in the microwave, uncovered, and cook on high at 100 percent power until the broth is bubbly and thick, 5 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 8 minutes in a 700watt oven.nFor the dough: Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt. Add the milk and oil in the center, and stir everything together with a fork until the dough just comes together it will be sticky and wet.nTo assemble: Remove the dish from the microwave. Remove and discard the thyme sprig, and whisk the broth mixture again. Stir in the shredded chicken and frozen peas and carrots. Arrange rounded teaspoons of the dough about 16 dumplings about 12 inch apart along the perimeter of the dish or bowl. Grind a little pepper over each dumpling.nCover the dish tightly with a new piece of plastic wrap cut a small slit in the center. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the dumplings are puffed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 6 minutes in an 1,100 or a 700watt oven. If they are not cooked through, microwave them again in 30second increments, testing with a toothpick after each., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 small onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, sliced 14 inch thick, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 sprig fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken from about 12 chicken, 1 cup frozen peas and carrots, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Microwave Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 2897: {instructions: Divide 12 ounces trimmed green wax beans and yellow wax beans, 1 seedless cucumber cut into spears, 1 quartered Fresno chile pepper, 3 quartered garlic cloves and 14 bunch chopped dill between two 1quart jars. Bring 3 cups water, 1 34 cups distilled white vinegar, 13 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cracked coriander seeds to a boil, then pour over the vegetables. Loosely screw on the lids. Let cool, tighten the lids and refrigerate until chilled, at least 4 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Quick Pickles, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 2898: {instructions: Place the chicken breastside up in a highsided pot that fits the chicken snugly. Fill the pot with cold water to about 1 inch above the chicken and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat.nWhile waiting for the water to boil, cut the ginger into very thin rounds, peel and quarter 1 of the onions and add them and 1 tablespoon salt to the pot.nOnce the water reaches a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, skimming and discarding any scum that floats to the surface of the poaching liquid, until an instantread thermometer inserted between the breast and thigh of the chicken reads 165 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. To take the temperature, use a pair of sturdy tongs to carefully lift the chicken out of the hot poaching liquid and insert the thermometer between the breast and thigh.nWhile the chicken is cooking, core the white and purple cabbages, very thinly slice them into ribbonlike strands and place the sliced cabbage in a large bowl set aside.nFill a second large bowl a little more than halfway with equal parts ice and water, and use the tongs to add the cooked chicken to it reserve the pot and poaching liquid. Leave the chicken in the ice water to cool completely, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel, halve and very thinly slice the remaining onion, and place it in a small bowl. Add the vinegar, oil, 1 teaspoon of the sugar, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Use your hands to gently massage the vinegar mixture into the onions until they begin to wilt slightly. Let the marinated onions sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to overnight.nDiscard the ice water, but keep the chicken in the bowl. Remove and discard the skin. Shred the chicken into large bitesize pieces set aside.nAdd the chicken carcass to the poaching liquid, and return it to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes, skimming off any fat andor scum that floats to the surface. Strain the poaching liquid over a large bowl discard the solids. Let this flavorful broth cool completely, and reserve it for another purpose. It can be frozen in an airtight container for up to 3 months.nWhile the broth is cooking, make the dressing: Cook the remaining sugar and 14 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove to a small bowl and let cool slightly.nWhile the sugar mixture is cooling, finely grate the garlic, halve and juice the limes about 12 cup of juice total and slice the chiles into thin rounds. Whisk the fish sauce into the cooled sugar mixture add the garlic, lime juice and chiles.nTo assemble the salad, add the chicken, marinated onions and any residual liquid and lime dressing to the cabbage bowl. Tear the mint and basil leaves into the bowl, and gently toss to combine. Season with additional fish sauce if needed. Let the salad sit for 15 minutes so the flavors can marry, then transfer to a large platter. Place the peanuts and fried shallots in separate piles beside the salad. Just before serving, gently toss together the salad, peanuts and fried shallots and any liquid that has accumulated at the bottom of the platter the liquid has a lot of great flavor. Serve with the fried shrimp chips., ingredients: [One 5pound whole chicken, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, 2 medium red onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large head of white cabbage from about a 3pound head, 12 small head purple cabbage from about a 2pound head, 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup sugar, 6 cloves garlic, 6 limes, 2 red Thai bird chiles, 13 cup Asian fish sauce, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, 12 cup roasted salted peanuts, 12 cup storebought fried shallots or onions, Fried shrimp chips, for serving], title: Vietnamese Chicken Salad Goi Ga, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 2899: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, salt and baking powder in a medium bowl. In a stand mixer or large bowl using a hand mixer, cream the butter for 1 minute. Add the sugar and cream for an additional 3 minutes. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Gradually beat in the dry ingredients until uniform, then add enough of the halfandhalf about 2 tablespoons to moisten the dough and make it soft but not wet. Fold in the sprinkles and 23 cup of the white chocolate chips.nRoll rounded teaspoons of dough into 24 balls and put on the prepared baking sheets. Chill the remaining dough in the refrigerator. Dip your fingertips into the remaining halfandhalf and use them to slightly flatten the top of each cookie.nBake until the cookies are set on top and light golden brown around the edges, about 15 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely. Allow the baking sheets to cool, then line them with new parchment and repeat the forming and baking process with the remaining dough.nOnce the cookies are all baked and cooled, put the remaining 1 cup white chocolate chips in a small heatsafe bowl and microwave on high, stirring halfway through, until just melted, about 1 minute. Use a spoon to drizzle the chocolate over the cookies. Allow the chocolate to set before serving, about 30 minutes. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon halfandhalf, 12 cup red and green sprinkles, 1 23 cups white chocolate chips], title: White Chocolate Confetti Christmas Cookies, picturelink: cvlfczV657VBhDfnpjuspjSInsg3LUC}, 2900: {instructions: Swirl the sesame seeds in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat until they begin to brown and toast, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl set aside.nStir together the cream cheese, hotpepper paste and 1 tablespoon water with a rubber spatula in another small bowl until combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nBring the chicken broth, oats, 1 cup water and a pinch of salt, if using, to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring frequently, until the oats soften and breakdown and the mixture is the consistency of a loose porridge, 15 to 20 minutes. Pour into a cereal bowl, cover and keep warm.nGenerously spray the skillet with cooking spray, and set over mediumhigh heat. Crack the egg into a mug or small bowl, and carefully slide it into the hot skillet. Cook until the white is set and brown and crispy on the bottom and edges and the yolk is still runny, 2 to 3 minutes.nUse a spatula to help slide the egg on top of the oatmeal. Then arrange neat piles of the cream cheesepepper sauce, scallions and nori on top of the oatmeal. Sprinkle with the toasted sesame seeds. Then take a photo, ingredients: [12 teaspoon sesame seeds, 1 ounce lowfat cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon hotpepper paste, such as gochujang, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 13 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, Kosher salt, optional, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 large egg, 1 scallion, sliced, 1 sheet nori, cut into thin ribbons with kitchen shears], title: Asian Oatmeal Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 2901: {instructions: Pulse the hazelnuts and 18 cup granulated sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a bowl and whisk in the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and cloves.nBeat the butter and the remaining 18 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer until fluffy. Beat in the egg, vanilla and lemon zest. Gradually add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Divide the dough in half, flatten each half into a 5inch disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nRoll out each disk of dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper to 18 inch thick. Refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut out stars or trees using a 2inch cookie cutter and place them 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Cut out the centers of half of the cookies using smaller cutters. Refrigerate 10 minutes. Reroll the scraps just once and repeat. Refrigerate the dough if it gets too soft.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until the cookies are golden brown around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack.nDust the cutout cookies generously with confectioners sugar. Spread about 1 teaspoon preserves on the underside of each whole cookie, then sandwich with the cutout cookies. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [34 cup blanched and roasted hazelnuts, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, About 12 cup raspberry or apricot preserves, for filling], title: Linzer Cutouts, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 2902: {instructions: Add bucatini to a large pot of boiling, salted water.nInsert the tip of a heavy, sharp knife into the head of the lobster and cut through the head. Cut the lobster body in half lengthwise by taking firm hold of the tail and inserting a heavy, sharp knife where the tail meets the body section. Bring the knife down to the cutting board in a swift motion, cutting the body section clearly in half. Turn the knife in the other direction and cut the tail in half in the same way, splitting it right down the back. Split the claw at the joints. Split everything down the middle. Quarter each lobster half. There should be 8 small pieces of lobster.nHeat extravirgin olive oil in a 12inch skillet over high heat. Add garlic and shallots and cook until they start to take color, about 10 seconds. Add lobster pieces and cook for about minute per side, until lobster is golden on both sides. Add the tomatoes and saute for about 1 minute until the tomatoes plump up and some split open. Then, add the white wine and let it simmer rapidly for about 2 minutes, until it begins to reduce a bit. Use your hands and crush the 2 tomatoes directly into the pan. Add salt and pepper, to taste, the oregano, the thyme, and the red pepper flakes. Let the mixture simmer for another 1 to 2 minutes. Drain the pasta, without shaking out the excess water. Add pasta into the pan with the lobster, tossing it for about 1 minute until it is coated with the sauce. Add parsley and basil, toss 1 more time, and serve., ingredients: [14 pound buccatini, Salt, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 shallot, crushed, 1 14 pound lobster, 1 cup vineripened cherry tomatoes, grape tomatoes, and golden pear tomatoes, 34 cup white wine, 2 tomatoes from 28ounce can whole tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 or 3 sprigs fresh Italian parsley, leaves coarsely chopped, 10 fresh basil leaves], title: Lobster fra Diavlo with Buccatini, picturelink: D9GuZggRSjJHv4HkIDY9hcynVU6Yhq}, 2903: {instructions: In a large roasting or sheet pan, scatter half the onions. Rub the ribs with Cajun spices and overlap ribs onto the onions. Scatter remaining onions over the ribs. Pour a little water or stock into the pan. Cover tightly with foil and put into a preheated 350 degree oven, for 1 to 2 hours or until ribs are tender. When cooked, brush with barbecue sauce and grill or broil to glaze., ingredients: [12 cup Cajun dry spice rub, recipe follows, 8 racks spareribs, 2 large onions, sliced, Water or chicken stock, Barbecue sauce], title: Braised Bbq Spareribs, picturelink: PRO7iEuMGe8KL4lmV49cxIPBA.Dtfq}, 2904: {instructions: In a medium pot, bring chicken stock to a simmer over medium heat. Add frozen cooked squash and cook together until squash is warmed through and loose. Stir in thyme, salt and pepper and cheese and cook over low heat to combine flavors, serve., ingredients: [12 cup chicken broth, 2 boxes, 10 ounces each, frozen cooked butternut squash puree, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and pepper, 12 cup Parmesan], title: Butternut Squash with Thyme and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 2905: {instructions: Pour the orange juice into an ice cube tray and freeze for 3 hours.nPut the frozen orange juice cubes and raspberries into the bowl of a food processor. Add the sugar and process until the mixture is the texture of snow, 45 to 60 seconds. If the mixture remains course in texture add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water. Serve immediately, or transfer to a freezer container and freeze for later., ingredients: [1 cup orange juice, 1 12ounce package frozen raspberries, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Raspberry Orange Freeze, picturelink: pNApwXpLmn79Ys2YOmc7DQwpDOJse}, 2906: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients well. Place in a loaf pan and bake for 1 12 hours., ingredients: [3 12 pounds hamburger, 2 eggs, 1 cup oatmeal, 1 small onion, diced, 1 small green pepper, diced, 12 cup ketchup, 1 12 cups beef broth, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder], title: 221 Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 2907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.nCombine the raisins and brandy in a small saucepan and warm over low heat. Set aside to coolnCombine the unsweetened and bittersweet chocolates with the butter in a heavy saucepan and place over low heat, stirring occasionally, until melted and smooth. Set aside to cool.nStir together the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl and set aside. Beat the eggs and sugar until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla and espresso.nPour in the melted chocolate and fold to combine. Then fold in the dry ingredients. Stir in the chocolate chips and raisins. The dough will be quite loose.nSpoon about a tablespoon of batter for each cookie onto the lined cookie sheets. Bake 6 to 8 minutes, until the tops are cracked and shiny and the cookies slightly puffed. Let cool on the cookie sheet and then transfer to racks., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 teaspoons finely ground espresso beans, 23 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Deep Chocolate Scooters, picturelink: null}, 2908: {instructions: Begin by whipping cream with confectioners sugar until you get soft peaks. Add pomegranate molasses and stir 2 times gently to combine and just streak the pomegranate through the cream.nTake a large plastic bag and using a wooden rolling pin, smash the gingersnaps into rough pieces. To assemble, take a ramekin and add a layer of gingersnaps first, followed by cream, gingersnaps and finally cream again. Use an offset spatula or the back of a knife to flatten the tops. Set in the freezer for 45 to 60 minutes to freeze. Run a knife around the edges when set and invert onto a plate.nMake the caramel sauce by adding sugar and water to a small saucepan and set over mediumhigh heat. Once the sugar has dissolved and the caramel reaches a dark amber stage, add butter and salt and swirl to combine. Remove from heat and drizzle over semifreddo cookies and cream., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 15 gingersnap cookies, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 12 stick butter, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Semifreddo Cookies and Cream with Salted Caramel, picturelink: .EdxxlyZhGwseHPFe0076djkqR7VBKK}, 2909: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together the egg yolks and brown sugar until thick and pale brown. In a saucepan combine the milk and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Stir 12 cup of the milk into the egg mixture, then whisk the eggs into the pan of milk. Set aside to cool. Pass the custard mixture through a medium strainer. Add the vanilla extract, ground cinnamon, salt and crema. Whisk well and refrigerate until cold.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and toast until golden brown and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool and then roughly chop. Pour the chilled custard mixture into your ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers instructions. Fold in the cooled toasted pecans. Store in the freezer., ingredients: [8 large egg yolks, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 2 12 cups milk, 4 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 1 12 cups Mexican crema or thinned sour cream, 1 14 cups pecan halves], title: Cinnamon Pecan Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 2910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Brush both sides of tofu and chicken with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the tofu on each side for 2 to 3 minutes or until slightly charred, remove, and cut into thin slices. Grill the chicken for 4 minutes per side or until slightly charred and just cooked through, remove, and cut into thin slices.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill or side burner on the grill. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the ancho powder and cook for 10 seconds. Add the tamarind mixture, vinegar, fish sauce, brown sugar, and peanut butter and bring to a boil. Place the cooked noodles, tofu, and chicken in a large bowl. Pour the boiling sauce over the noodles and toss gently until until combined. Fold in the green onion, cilantro, and bean sprouts and top with the chopped nuts. Serve with grilled limes on the side., ingredients: [8 ounces extrafirm tofu, 2 8ounce boneless, skinless, chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, plus more for brushing, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 14 cup tamarind paste, reconstituted in 14 cup water, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 pound Thai rice noodles, soaked in hot water for 15 minutes and drained, 14 cup thinly sliced green onion, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 4 ounces bean sprouts, 14 cup cashews, toasted and coarsely chopped, 2 limes, halved and grilled], title: Grilled Tofu and Chicken Pad Thai, picturelink: G20WTtdeJtjB71zEDy46RZuAjGjZce}, 2911: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice 12inch off the pointed end of the garlic bulb to expose each clove. Place garlic on aluminum foil. Pour 1 teaspoon of olive oil over the top of each bulb and let it sink into the cloves.nWrap foil around garlic bulbs and bake for approximately 1 hour, or until exposed cloves are golden brown.nIn a dry saute pan over mediumhigh heat, toast pine nuts for approximately 5 minutes, or until golden brown.nToast baguette slices in oven or toaster oven.nTo serve, place garlic, cheese, pine nuts and parsley on a serving plate along side crostinis. Instruct guests to extract individual garlic cloves from bulb with a small fork, spread on toast, and top with goat cheese, pine nuts and parsley leaves., ingredients: [2 whole garlic bulbs, 1 foot aluminum foil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 sourdough baguette, cut into 12inch slices, 4 ounces strong goat cheese, 6 sprigs Italian parsley], title: Roasted Whole Garlic Crostini, picturelink: null}, 2912: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Things to Make with Pasta Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak chicken in buttermilk with garlic, onions, herbs, paprika, and cayenne pepper. Refrigerate overnight or at least 8 hours. Drain in colander, leaving some herbs on chicken. In a large paper grocery bag, mix flour with seasonings. Meanwhile, heat 3 cups shortening in cast iron pan until 350 degrees. Place chicken pieces in bag with flour and shake, let sit 1 minute, then shake again. Add chicken to hot pan and fry on 1 side for 20 minutes, then turn to finish., ingredients: [One 3pound fryer chicken, cut into pieces, 2 cups buttermilk, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs parsley, tarragon, thyme, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups flour, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon onion salt, Salt and pepper, 3 cups solid vegetable shortening], title: Buttermilk Fried Chicken, picturelink: xuDipR6QSAKroq.gysUqFU6gBxawUe}, 2914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare Fruit: Combine the mixed fruit, raisins, and rum. Cover and set aside. Shake or stir the mixture every so often to coat the fruit with the rum.nPrepare Sponge: In a large bowl, sprinkle the yeast in the water to soften. Heat the milk to 110 degrees F and add it to the yeast along with the honey and 1 cup flour. Cover the sponge with plastic wrap and let rise until light and full of bubbles, about 30 minutes.nBy Hand: Add the fruit mixture, honey, egg, butter, zest, salt, mace, almonds, and 2 cups of the flour to the sponge. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes. Gradually add the remaining flour 14 cup at a time until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface. Knead, adding flour a little at a time, until the dough is smooth and elastic.nBy Mixer: In the mixer bowl, add the fruit mixture, honey, egg, butter, zest, salt, mace, almonds, and 2 cups of the flour to the sponge. Using the paddle, beat the mixture on medium low speed for 2 minutes. Gradually add the remaining flour 14 cup at a time until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl. Change to the dough hook. Continue to add flour 1 tablespoon at a time until the dough just begins to clean the bowl. Knead 4 to 5 minutes on mediumlow.nFirst rise: Put the dough in an oiled bowl and turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.nShape and Fill: Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface. For 1 large loaf, roll the dough into a 9 by 13inch oval. For 2 loaves, divided the dough in half and roll each half into a 7 by 9inch oval. Brush the melted butter over the top of the ovals. Combine the cinnamon and granulated sugar and sprinkle over one lengthwise half of the ovals. Fold the dough in half lengthwise and carefully lift the breads onto a parchmentlined or wellgreased baking sheet. Press lightly on the folded side to help the loaf keep its shape during rising and baking.nSecond rise: Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise for 45 minutes.nPreheat oven: About 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBake and cool: Bake for 25 minutes until the internal temperature of the bread reaches 190 degrees F. Immediately remove from the baking sheet and place on a rack to cool.nTo serve: Sprinkle heavily with confectioners sugar just before serving.nVariation: Between 2 pieces of waxed paper or plastic wrap, roll 3 ounces almond paste or marzipan into the lengthwise shape of half the oval. Omit the butter and cinnamonsugar filling. Place the marzipan on half of the oval and fold the dough in half. Let rise and bake as directed.nNotes: One cup coarsely chopped mixed dried fruits may be substituted for the candied fruit. Cover the dried fruit with boiling water and let sit at room temperature for 8 to 12 hours. Drain and use as you would candied fruit. You can also make your own candied fruit and peel. This bread freezes nicely for up to 6 months. If freezing it, do not sprinkle with confectioners sugar. To serve, first thaw the bread, then bake on a baking sheet in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 7 to 10 minutes. Just before serving, sprinkle with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 cup mixed candied fruit, 1 cup raisins, 3 tablespoons dark rum or orange juice, 1 scant tablespoon or 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water about 110 degrees F, 23 cup milk, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 13 cup honey, 1 large egg, beaten, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground mace, 12 cup chopped almonds, toasted, 3 to 4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, Oil, for coating bowl, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Stollen, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 2915: {instructions: Special equipment: a kitchen blowtorchnFor the vanilla brown butter cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of a 13by18inch baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the powdered sugar, almond flour, allpurpose flour and egg whites and mix on low until the ingredients combine without any visible lumps, approximately 1 minute.nMeanwhile, put the butter and scraped vanilla bean seeds in a 2quart saucepan and cook on high heat, whisking occasionally. As the mixture cooks, the butter will begin to brown and it will start to smell amazing, about 15 minutes The longer the butter and vanilla stay on the heat, the more nutty the final flavor will become. So cook it to your preference. Strain the mixture through a finemesh strainer into a bowl, reserving the brown butter.nTurn the stand mixer to the lowest speed and stream the hot brown butter into the batter, mixing for approximately 2 minutes.nTransfer the cake batter to the prepared baking sheet and bake until a cake tester comes out clean, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then cut into rectangles about 4 inches by 1 12 inches.nFor the toasted marshmallow sauce: In a small saucepan, combine the granulated sugar and 14 cup water and mix until the sugar is dissolved. Add the corn syrup to the sugarwater mixture. If there are any granules of sugar on the side of the saucepan, brush them down using a pastry brush dipped in water.nAdd the egg whites to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Mix the egg whites on high speed until soft peaks appear, then turn the mixer down to medium speed.nPlace the saucepan on mediumhigh heat and cook the sugar mixture to thread stage, approximately 234 degrees F. Turn the stand mixer to high speed and stream in the cooked sugar. Continue to mix the meringue on high speed until the outside of the bowl feels cool to the touch, approximately 5 minutes.nFor the spring fruit and berry compote: Combine the blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, figs, granulated sugar and mint in a mixing bowl and toss together. Let stand at least 5 minutesnFor the mint oil: Put the oil and mint in a blender and blend for 1 to 1 12 minutes. Transfer to a saucepan, slowly bring to a simmer and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Strain with a finemesh strainer, then let cool. Transfer the cooled mixture to a squeeze bottle.nTo assemble: Spoon and drag about 2 tablespoons of the marshmallow onto each plate and toast the top with a kitchen blowtorch. Place a rectangle of cake on top of each, then divide the fruit among the cakes. Decorate the plates with the mint oil from the squeeze bottle., ingredients: [4 12 cups powdered sugar, 2 13 cups almond flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 15 large egg whites, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, 34 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup corn syrup, 4 large egg whites, 12 pint blueberries, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint strawberries, cut into quarters, 12 pint golden figs, cut into sixths, 2 to 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 4 leaves fresh mint, cut into chiffonade, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 bunch fresh mint, stemmed], title: VanillaBrown Butter Cake with Spring Fruit and Berry Compote, Mint Oil and Toasted Marshmallow Sauce, picturelink: RV9fAirtvwd9LTlHRxgHHDtaI6Sbe}, 2916: {instructions: Heat enough olive oil, to shallow fry the fish, in a large skillet over mediumhigh heatnIn a shallow dish, whisk together 12 cup of the flour, beer, egg, and baking powder. Place remaining 14 cup flour in a separate shallow dish.nSeason both sides of fish fillets with salt and black pepper. Dredge fish in flour, turn to coat both sides and then shake off excess flour. Dunk fish in beer mixture and turn to coat both sides.nAdd fish to hot oil and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, until cooked through and opaque. Remove fish from oil. Place on a paper towel lined plate.nWhile the fish is frying, in a medium bowl, whisk together lemon juice and chili paste. Add mandarin oranges and cilantro and toss to combine. Serve sauce over fish., ingredients: [Olive oil, 34 cup allpurpose flour, divided, 23 cup beer, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 4 tilapia or flounder fillets, about 5 ounces each, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons red chili paste, 1 11ounce can mandarin oranges, drained and chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Beer Battered Tilapia with Red Chile Mandarin Orange Sauce, picturelink: NthkwcOK94jq4EfMHWBg05GUifPvbJ6}, 2917: {instructions: Mix the wine and teriyaki sauce in a 1 gallon resealable plastic bag. Add the yams, zucchini and pears. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours to marinate, longer is better.nFire up the grill to mediumhigh.nPut the yams, zucchini and pears on flat metal skewers. Grill for 30 to 40 minutes, basting with the marinade as they are cooking. Turn the skewers often until they are crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. After they reach this stage I put them in a warm oven to stay hot. If you have a giant grill, turn a burner down to low and just lay the kabobs there to stay hot, but not to cook any further. Transfer the skewers to a serving plate and serve., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 14 cup teriyaki sauce, 1 large yam, chopped into 1 to 1 12inch cubes, 2 zucchini, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 firm pears too ripe and this recipe doesnt work as well chopped into 1 to 1 12inch cubes], title: Kittys Yam and Pear Kick Butt Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 2918: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough ball into a 14inch circle, about 14inch thick. Using a 4inch round cutter, cut the dough into 12 circles. Transfer the circles onto two heavy baking sheets dusted with cornmeal.nIn a medium bowl, combine the fontina, provolone, salami, peppers and olives. In a separate small bowl, beat together the egg and 1 teaspoon water. Place 1 tablespoon of the cheese mixture onto 1 half of each dough circle, leaving a 14inch border at the edge. With a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of the dough with the beaten egg. Fold the unfilled half of the dough over the filling and, using the tines of a fork, press the edges together to seal. Repeat with the remaining circles of dough.nBrush the calzones with the remaining egg mixture. Bake for 14 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through, or until the calzones are golden brown. Serve the calzones on a platter with warm marinara sauce for dipping., ingredients: [Flour, for dusting, One 1pound ball pizza dough, Cornmeal, for dusting, 12 cup 4 ounces shredded fontina see Cooks Note, 12 cup 4 ounces shredded provolone, 1 ounce salami, diced into 14inch pieces, 14 cup diced roasted red pepper jarred or homemade, 1 tablespoon finely chopped kalamata olives about 5 olives, 1 egg, Marinara sauce jarred or homemade, warmed, for dipping], title: Mini Antipasto Calzones, picturelink: 4SJeT7p8x0RKBFEkS2gbAf.iz9Otlui}, 2919: {instructions: Add the olive oil to a skillet over high heat. Throw in the onions and peppers and cook until the peppers have a few dark brownblack areas, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and set aside. Add the Perfect Grilled Chicken to the skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat until warmed through. Dice into cubes and set aside.nSizzle 12 tablespoon of the butter in a separate skillet or griddle over medium heat and lay a flour tortilla in the skillet. Then build the quesadillas by laying grated cheese on the bottom tortilla, and then arranging the chicken and cooked peppers over it. Top with a little more grated cheese and top with a second tortilla.nWhen the tortilla is golden on the first side, carefully flip the quesadilla to the other side, adding another 12 tablespoon butter to the skillet at the same time. Continue cooking until the second side is golden. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and fillings.nCut each quesadilla into wedges and serve with Pico de Gallo.nMix together the olive oil, honey, mustard, salt, thyme, oregano and lemon juice in a large shallow container.nPound the chicken breasts to uniform thickness and add them to the marinade. Cover and marinate in the fridge for at least 8 hours.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the chicken in batches until golden brown on the first side, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the other side and cooked all the way through, another 4 to 5 minutes. Let the chicken cool.nTransfer the chicken to freezer bags individually and in pairs, so its easy to defrost the exact amount you need. Yield: 24 servingsnSlice 2 of the jalapenos in half. With a spoon, scrape out the seeds. If you like things spicy, leave in some of the white membranes. Dice the jalapenos very finely you want a hint of heat and jalapeno flavor, but you dont want to cause any fires. Now dump the jalapenos, cilantro, tomatoes and onions in a bowl.nSlice the lime in half and squeeze the juice from half the lime into the bowl. Sprinkle with salt, and stir together until combined. Be sure to taste the pico de gallo and adjust the seasonings, adding salt or more diced jalapeno if needed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, halved and cut into slices, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 2 pounds Perfect Grilled Chicken thawed if frozen, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons butter, for frying, 12 large flour tortillas, 2 12 cups grated cheese Monterey Jack is the best, Pico de Gallo, for serving, recipe follows, 2 cups olive oil, 6 tablespoons honey, 3 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground thyme, 2 teaspoons ground oregano, Juice of 12 lemons, 24 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 to 3 jalapenos, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 12 Roma tomatoes slightly under ripe is fine, diced, 3 yellow or red onions, diced, 1 lime, Salt], title: Chicken Quesadillas, picturelink: bpo9PGjKiu.N6by1mJO2WU8QhZunkfq}, 2920: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a straightsided baking sheet with parchment.nIn a food processor, combine the almond meal, powdered sugar, cocoa powder and salt. Process for 30 seconds to make a very fine mixture. Set aside.nUsing a handheld mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium speed until beginning to stiffen, about 1 12 minutes. Add the cream of tartar, and continue beating, slowly adding in the sugar. Beat on medium speed until glossy and stiff peaks form, an additional 1 12 minutesbe careful not overwhip. In 3 additions, fold the dry ingredients into the egg white mixture, just until combined and no streaks remain.nDivide the batter evenly into 2 rounds on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until dry on top and slightly puffed, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely on the baking sheet.nFor the ganache: Meanwhile, heat the heavy cream, vanilla and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat until small bubbles form around the edges. Place the chopped chocolate in a medium bowl and pour the cream over the chocolate. Let sit for 3 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the chocolate and refrigerate until firm but spreadable, about 1 hour.nSpread the ganache on the flat side of each cake layer. Line raspberries in circles on top of the ganache. Top with the remaining cake. Wrap with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature for about 2 hours. Slice and serve with a dollop of unsweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup almond meal, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 egg whites, room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces dark chocolate 70 percent, chopped fine, 1 pint raspberries, Unsweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: Dark Chocolate Macaron Cake, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 2921: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the bread in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until bread crumbs form. Toast the crumbs in a large, dry nonstick skillet over a mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently and breaking up the crumbs with a spoon if they begin to stick together, until crisp and golden, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray. On a plate, combine the flour, salt and pepper. Cut the fillets into 4 by 1inch strips. A few pieces at a time, dip the fish into the flour mixture, dusting off the excess. Dip the fish in the egg and then the bread crumbs. Arrange on the baking sheet and continue until all of the fish is breaded. Bake until golden and cooked through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together the yogurt, mayonnaise, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chives and cayenne, if using. Season, to taste, with freshly ground black pepper.nExcellent source of: Protein, Niacin, Vitamin B12, Manganese, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Fiber, Thiamin, Riboflavin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin D, Calcium, Copper, Iron, Magnesium, Potassium, ingredients: [4 slices wholewheat bread 1ounce each, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound flounder fillets, 2 eggs, beaten to mix, 13 cup nonfat plain Greekstyle yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon snipped fresh chives, Pinch cayenne pepper, optional], title: Crispy Fish Fingers, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 2922: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat canola oil in a large Dutch oven or a tagine over high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper on both sides and place in the hot pan, skin side down, in batches if needed cook until golden brown. Turn the thighs over and cook for 2 minutes longer. Remove chicken to a plate.nRemove all but 2 tablespoons of the oil from the pan then add the olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the ras alhanut and cook another 30 seconds. Add the saffron with the soaking liquid, cinnamon stick, tomatoes, chickpeas, and apricots and bring to a simmer. Nestle the chicken into the mixture and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook on the stovetop or in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until the chicken is tender. Do not remove the lid to check on the chicken until this time. Garnish each serving with a dollop of Harissa Sauce, parsley and cilantro.nWhisk all ingredients together in a small bowl and let stand at least 30 minutes in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ras alhanut, Large pinch saffron, soaked in 14 cup warm water, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 12 cups canned diced tomatoes, drained 15ounce can, 1 12 cups canned chickpeas, rinsed and drained 15ounce can, 34 cup dried apricots, sliced into half moons, Harissa Sauce, recipe follows, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon harissa, Salt], title: Chicken and Chickpea Tagine with Apricots and Harissa Sauce, picturelink: aLlOOHPNoedUNuQF7lmAX3QBS1t6uuG}, 2923: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and place on a foillined rimmed baking sheet. Roast until the skin is golden and crisp, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the barbecue sauce: Combine the cider, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce and 1 tablespoon mustard in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the scallion whites, bell pepper, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften slightly, about 5 minutes. Add 14 cup water, the corn, lima beans and the remaining 1 teaspoon mustard. Bring to a simmer and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens.nTurn on the broiler. Brush the chicken with the prepared barbecue sauce and broil until the sauce is thick and bubbling, about 3 minutes. Serve with the succotash.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 skinon, bonein chicken breasts about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup apple cider, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bunch scallions, chopped white and green parts separated, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 10ounce package frozen corn, 1 10ounce package frozen baby lima beans], title: Barbecue Chicken with Succotash, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 2924: {instructions: Trim regular green beans if using and in a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook beans until crisptender 2 minutes for haricots verts or 3 to 4 minutes for regular green beans and drain in a colander.nIn a bowl toss beans with lemon juice, parsley, lemon zest, and season with salt and pepper, ingredients: [1 pound haricots verts thin French green beans or regular green beans, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh flatleafed parsley leaves wash and dry before chopping, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Green Beans with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 2925: {instructions: In a large bowl, sprinkle the gelatine over 1 cup of the juice and allow to stand for a few minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 3 cups of juice until just boiling and pour it over the juice and gelatin mixture. Stir until the gelatin is dissolved.nPour into a 9 by 9inch pan and chill until firm, about 3 hours or overnight. Dip the pan briefly into hot water to loosen, cut into squares or shapes, and serve., ingredients: [4 cups pure grape juice, pure white grape juice, cranberry juice cocktail or other clear juice., 4 envelopes unflavored gelatin], title: Fruit Juice Shapes, picturelink: null}, 2926: {instructions: Mix together the American cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, Swiss cheese, mayonnaise, jalapenos, sriracha, pimentos and 1 teaspoon salt and pepper in a large bowl.nPrepare a grill for high heat. Season the burger patties with kosher salt and pepper. Place the patties on the grill and cook, rotating two to three times, until the edges begin to sweat, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the burgers and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more.nPlace a 2ounce scoop of the pimento cheese in the middle of the cooked burgers. Serve the burgers on toasted buns, garnished with Fried Pickles.nAdd the granulated sugar, cider vinegar, white vinegar, peppercorns, brown sugar, garlic, jalapeno, 2 12 ounces salt and 1 cup water to a stockpot and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the sugar and salt are dissolved, 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Add the sliced cucumbers to the brine and refrigerate for 24 hours.nIn a bowl, mix together the tempura powder and 1 cup ice water until smooth.nFill a large heavy pot with 2 to 3 inches of oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Working in batches, dip the pickles in the tempura batter and then into the oil. Fry until golden brown. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain., ingredients: [1 pound American cheese, shredded, 1 pound Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 1 pound Swiss cheese, shredded, 4 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup seeded and diced jalapeno, 1 teaspoon sriracha, One 28ounce can pimento peppers, Fine salt and black pepper, Sixty 4ounce burger patties, Kosher salt, 60 brioche hamburger buns, toasted, Fried Pickles, recipe follows, 1 pound granulated sugar, 13 ounces cider vinegar, 13 ounces white vinegar, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 5 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, Kosher salt, 5 cucumbers, sliced thin, 1 cup tempura powder, such as Kikkoman, Oil, for deepfrying], title: Pimento Cheese Burger, picturelink: cisKcPeGnWgzS35x91o9yokopiBPVC}, 2927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith a biscuit cutter or the rim of a glass, press a hole in the center of the slice of bread.nHeat a skillet over mediumlow heat and melt in the butter. When the butter is all spread out, place the piece of bread in the skillet and crack the egg straight into the center of the hole.nCook until the egg sets a bit on the bottom, 30 to 45 seconds. Sprinkle the egg with salt and pepper. After about a minute, flip it over with a spatula and salt and pepper the other side.nMove the whole piece of toast around the skillet, soaking up all of the glorious butter. Let it cook until the yolk feels soft. Heres the key: golden brown toast, white not brownburned whites, soft unbroken yolk. Perfect., ingredients: [1 slice of your favorite kind of bread, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 egg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: EgginaHole, picturelink: HlNSfeKbIyKc99kLUl5ezzaRFemoHvy}, 2928: {instructions: Season the chicken with the garlic powder and black pepper.nHeat the butter in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook for 10 minutes or until its well browned on both sides. Remove the chicken from the skillet.nStir the stock and thyme in the skillet and heat to a boil. Stir in the rice. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the peas. Return the chicken to the skillet. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the rice is tender. Sprinkle with the cheese., ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 34 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 1 12 cups uncooked quickcooking brown rice, 1 cup frozen peas, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: Herbed Brown Rice and Chicken, picturelink: cQnLlHs7zBqgxOofqwidAF9aBslvjU2}, 2929: {instructions: Bring 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup chopped crystallized ginger, 1 cup mini marshmallows and 1 tablespoon water to a boil in a large pot over medium heat, stirring. Stir in 34 cup each dried cranberries and white chocolate chips, and a pinch of salt. Remove from the heat using a rubber spatula, stir in 12 cups popcorn until coated. Butter your hands, then shape into balls.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: CranberryGinger Popcorn Balls, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 2930: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine flour and sugar in large bowl. In small saucepan, heat 1 cup butter, 3 tablespoons cocoa and 1 cup CocaCola. Bring to simmer and then pour over flour mixture. Stir well. Add buttermilk, eggs, baking soda and vanilla. Mix. Add marshmallows. Pour into 9x13 pan for 35 minutes.nTo make the frosting, in a saucepan combine 12 cup butter, 6 tablespoons CocaCola, and 3 tablespoons cocoa. Bring to a boil. Pour over bowl with powdered sugar. Beat well. Spread evenly over warm cake. Let cool. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup plus 12 cup butter or margarine, 3 tablespoons plus 3 tablespoons cocoa, 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons CocaCola, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 12 cup miniature marshmallows, 3 cups powdered sugar], title: Coca Cola Cake, picturelink: null}, 2931: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425degrees.nCombine bread crumbs and 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese in large bowl. Dip pork in egg, then bread crumb mixture, coating well. Arrange pork on greased baking sheet. Bake, turning once, 18 minutes or until pork is done.nMeanwhile, heat Sauce in 2quart saucepan. To serve, spoon sauce over hot penne. Top with pork, then sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons cheese., ingredients: [13 cup plain dry bread crumbs, 3 Tbsp. grated Parmesan cheese, 34 lb. boneless pork or pork tenderloin, thinly sliced and pounded 14 inch thick, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, 8 ounces penne pasta, cooked and drained], title: Pork Cutlets Parmigiana, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 2932: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of well salted water to a boil. Set up a bowl of well salted ice water. Place the trimmed asparagus in the boiling water and let the water come back to a rolling boil. Remove asparagus from the boiling water and plunge immediately into the ice water. Remove from the ice water, pat dry, and reserve.nIn a small bowl combine the olive oil, red wine vinegar, and ParmigianoReggiano. Season with salt. Toss the asparagus in the vinaigrette. Arrange on a serving plate and sprinkle with the crumbled egg white and yellow.nCall your self a superstarnApril  Why We Love: Asparagus, ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, stems snapped where they naturally want to break, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt, 1 hard boiled egg, white and yellow separated and crumbled], title: Asparagus with ParmigianoReggiano Vinaigrette, picturelink: pYf95szca.1OcGxzNgYe5svfUlOrsgm}, 2933: {instructions: In a 3quart flameproof baking dish heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot, but not smoking and in it brown the chicken, patted dry, in batches, transferring it with a slotted spoon as it is browned to a bowl. In the fat remaining in the dish cook the onion over moderately low hear, stirring occasionally, until it is softened, add the garlic and gingerroot, and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add the cumin, coriander, and flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the stock combined with 1 cup water, heated, whisking, and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Add the lime juice, chilies, tomatoes, chicken and any juices that have accumulated in the bowl, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture, covered, skimming it occasionally, for 45 minutes to an hour.While the mixture is simmering, in a large saucepan steam the spinach in the water clinging to the leaves, covered, over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until it is just wilted. Drain the spinach in a colander, refresh it under cold water, and squeeze it dry in a kitchen towel. Add the cauliflower to the chicken mixture, simmer for 5 minutes, and stir in the spinach. The stew may be prepared up to this point, cooled to room temperature, and kept covered well and frozen for up to 2 weeks. Let the stew thaw, covered, in the refrigerator before continuing with the recipe.nBake the potatoes in a preheated 425 degree oven, pricking them several times with a fork after 30 minutes, for 1 hour, or until they are very tender, and let them stand until they are cool enough to be handled. Peel the potatoes, force them through a food mill fitted with the medium disk set over a bowl, and stir in the butter and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large decorative tip and pipe it into 2inch rosettes around the edge of the baking dish. The stew may be prepared up to this point, cooled to room temperature, and kept covered and chilled for up to 3 days. Bake the stew in a preheated 400 degree oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until it is heated through and the rosettes are browned lightly., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 pounds chicken breasts and thighs, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock homemade or canned, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 3inch fresh green hot chilies available at Hispanic markets and some specialty foods shops and supermarkets seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 2 cups chopped drained canned Italian plum tomatoes, 1 pound spinach, coarse stems discarded, washed well and drained, 3 cups cauliflower florets, 3 large sweet potatoes about 2 12 pounds, 1 russet baking potato, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Curried Chicken Pie with Sweet Potato Rosettes, picturelink: null}, 2934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the eggs in a pie plate to blend. Place the bread crumbs in another pie plate. Place the cheese in a third pie plate. Sprinkle the pork chops generously with salt and pepper. Coat the chops completely with the cheese, patting to adhere. Dip the chops into the eggs, then coat completely with the bread crumbs, patting to adhere.nHeat 3 tablespoons of oil in a very large skillet over medium heat. Add pork chops, in batches if necessary, and cook until golden brown and the center reaches 150 degrees, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer the chops to plates and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 cup dried Italianstyle bread crumbs, 34 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 4 12 to 34inch thick centercut pork loin chops each about 10 to 12 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: ParmesanCrusted Pork Chops, picturelink: IBRk.KXGxG6poxxRP4JmzRbzQ6kzjXu}, 2935: {instructions: Grease 2 10inch cake pans and set aside. Mix together in a large bowl the oil, sugar, eggs, carrots, nuts, pineapple, coconut and raisins. In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Add the carrot mixture and blend. Pour the batter into the cake pans and bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until done. Remove from oven and cool for 30 minutes. Release the cakes from the pans and cool completely before cutting and frosting. Cut cakes in 3 equal layers a total of 6 layers. Assemble the carrot cake one layer at a time. Finish the carrot cake with a layer of cream cheese frosting on top. Do not frost the side of the cake. This gives the cake that special homemade countrystyle look. Garnish with toasted walnuts and coconuts.nFor the frosting: Beat together the cream cheese, butter, and vegetable shortening for 15 minutes. Mixture must be very smooth and light. Add the confectioners sugar and the vanilla and mix until smooth about 3 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable oil, 2 23 cups sugar, 5 eggs, 2 23 cups carrots, grated, 1 13 cups walnuts, 1 13 cups pineapple, crushed and drained, 23 cup coconut flakes, sweetened, 13 cup raisins, 3 12 cups flour, 1 13 tablespoons baking soda, 1 13 tablespoons baking powder, 2 23 tablespoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, Cream Cheese Frosting:, 6 ounces cream cheese, 2 tablespoons or 14 stick butter, unsalted, softened, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup walnuts, toasted, 1 cup coconut flakes, toasted], title: Signature Homemade Carrot Cake, picturelink: null}, 2936: {instructions: In a saute pan add olive oil, garlic, capers, sundried tomatoes, sliced black olives, broccoli and carrots, saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken and pasta, saute for 3 minutes. Add red pepper sauce and saute for 3 minutes. Top with freshly grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon capers, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon black olives, sliced, 12 cup broccoli, chopped, 14 cup carrots, julienne, 6ounce chicken breast, grilled and chopped, 12 ounces penne pasta, cooked al dente, 4 ounces pureed red peppers, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Piazza Pasta, picturelink: null}, 2937: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with cupcake liners.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat together the eggs while adding the oil, buttermilk, sugar and vanilla one at a time. Mix until well incorporated. Slowly add the flour mixture into the large bowl to combine. Stir in the pineapple, carrots, coconut, raisins and walnuts.nScoop the batter into the prepared cupcake pans, filling each cup about threequarters of the way full. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, rotating the pans after 6 or 7 minutes see Cooks Note. Let the cupcakes cool completely before frosting with the Cream Cheese Frosting. Garnish with additional chopped walnuts.nCream Cheese Frosting:nIn a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, cream cheese and confectioners sugar. Then slowly add in the milk, vanilla and orange zest and juice and mix until combined., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 12 tablespoon baking soda, 12 tablespoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 organic brown eggs, 34 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 1 34 cups fine sugar, 12 tablespoon highquality vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped pineapple, drained, 1 14 cups shredded carrots, 12 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 34 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts, plus extra for garnish, 1 recipe Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 1 cup highquality unsalted butter, such as Plugra, softened, 1 12 cups cream cheese, softened, 5 34 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup whole milk, 34 tablespoon highquality vanilla extract, Zest and juice from 1 small orange], title: Bird Bakery AwardWinning Carrot Cake Mini Cupcakes, picturelink: 8wyXVeTHIplC2R9k5X522aYL6Pr2lwW}, 2938: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pastry, place the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and pulse 12 to 15 times, or until the butter is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the ice water all at once through the feed tube. Keep hitting the pulse button to combine, but stop the machine just before the dough becomes a solid mass. Turn the dough onto a wellfloured board and form into a disk. Wrap with plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFlour a rolling pin and roll the pastry into an 11inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Transfer it to a baking sheet.nFor the filling, peel, core, and cut the apples into 8ths. Cut each wedge into 3 chunks. Toss the chunks with the orange zest. Cover the tart dough with the apple chunks leaving a 1 12inch border.nCombine the flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and allspice in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture is crumbly. Pour into a bowl and rub it with your fingers until it starts holding together. Sprinkle evenly on the apples. Gently fold the border over the apples to enclose the dough, pleating it to make a circle.nBake the crostata for 20 to 25 minutes, until the crust is golden and the apples are tender. Allow to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated or superfine sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 pound 1 stick very cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons ice water, 1 12 pounds McIntosh, Macoun, or Empire apples 3 large, 14 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 cup flour, 14 cup granulated or superfine sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 4 tablespoons 12 stick cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Apple Crostata, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 2939: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Bring the corn, butter and salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low, add the flour and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is smooth and begins to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 2 minutes.nScrape the dough into a bowl let cool slightly. Add the eggs one at a time, stirring well between each addition. Stir in the cheese and chives. Chill the dough 15 minutes.nScoop tablespoonsize mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart. Sprinkle with more cheese. Transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown and puffy, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 cup canned creamstyle corn, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, 12 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, plus more for topping, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Cheesy Corn Puffs, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 2940: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange arugula on a serving platter. Top with steak slices, red onion and bell pepper.nCombine lemon juice, olive oil, honey mustard, and lemon zest. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Toss with salad greens. Top with shaved Parmesan just before serving., ingredients: [6 cups arugula, 4 4ounce cooked steaks, sliced, 13 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 cup shaved Parmesan use a vegetable peeler to shave a block of cheese], title: Arugula Salad with Steak, Shaved Parmesan and Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: bAPwjgwivtRxJHq6Z6NgXOEU243JVG6}, 2941: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then saute apple, stirring occasionally, until tender and slightly caramelized, about 2 minutes. Transfer apple to a dish with a slotted spoon.nCook shallots in remaining butter over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add escarole and toss over moderately high heat until it begins to wilt, about 1 minute. Add vinegar and water and cook, covered, until escarole is tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in apple, pecans, and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until just heated through., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 1 crisp apple such as Gala or Granny Smith, cut lengthwise into 18inchthick slices, 2 large shallots, thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 medium heads or 1 12 large heads escarole, cut crosswise into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup chopped pecans, toasted], title: Braised Escarole with Apples, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 2942: {instructions: Combine green onions, lemongrass, salt, pepper, and sugar into a large bowl. Mix together until it becomes a thick paste. Add fish sauce, brandy and chili flakes, and stir well.nCoat each pork chop with the seasoning. Refrigerate for at least a couple hours up to 24 hours.nGrill at approximately 400 degrees F, about 7 to 8 minutes on each side., ingredients: [8 green onions, finely chopped using white part only, 2 stalks lemongrass using about 3 inches from the top, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 teaspoon red chili pepper flakes, optional, 8 12inch thick pork chops], title: Grilled Pork Chops, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 2943: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the sugar and shortening together. Add eggs and vanilla and beats 30 seconds. In a separate bowl, sift the flour, cocoa and salt together. Add to the mixture and beat until well combined. Pour the mixture into a greased and floured 9 by13inch pan. Place in the oven and bake for 35 minutes.nRemove pan from the oven and let cool for a few minutes. Spread the marshmallows on top of the cake and return the pan to the oven for 5 more minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and cool for a few minutes. Evenly apply the frosting. Allow this to stand about 2 hours before cutting into squares.nNote: If the marshmallows are too hot, the frosting will sink right through. The frosting should be the top layer. It will darken once it hits the heat of the cake.nTo make the frosting: In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat together the butter, cocoa, powdered sugar and vanilla. Slowly add the milk., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup shortening, 4 eggs, 3 teaspoons vanilla, 1 12 cups flour, 13 cup cocoa, 13 teaspoon salt, 1 6 12ounce bag mini marshmallows, 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 12 cup cocoa, 1 box powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup evaporated milk], title: Rosies Marshmallow Mud Squares, picturelink: beRyaTQ5L.u9K7IBLRMh.db4YNwclGm}, 2944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the puff pastry into 14inch thickness. Cut into four 3 by 12inch pieces. Dock the dough all over. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown in color. Transfer to a baking rack to cool. Reserve 2 puff pastry strips. Cut each of the remaining two into 6 equal pieces. Reserve.nIn a bowl, soak gelatin leaves with cold water to soften.nIn a medium bowl, combine the eggs, sugar and vanilla scrapings. Cook over a doubleboiler, whisking all the while, until mixture begins to thicken. Remove from heat and stir in the gelatin. Carefully fold the whipped cream into the egg mixture. Allow to cool and thicken for 15 minutes.nTo assemble: Spread 13 cup of raspberry marmalade on top of the 2 12inch puff pastry pieces. Top raspberry marmalade with the cream mixture. Cover with cut pieces of puff pastry and refrigerate at least 1 hour before service.nTo serve: Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound puff pastry, 4 gelatin leaves soaked in 2 cups cold water, 2 eggs, 13 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, 2 cups heavy cream, whipped, 23 cup raspberry marmalade, Powdered sugar or fondant, for decoration], title: Cream filled Pastry: Cremeschnitten, picturelink: null}, 2945: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Make the olive aioli: Mix the mayonnaise, olives, mustard, garlic and honey in a bowl. Taste and add salt if necessary. Make a small cut on the edge of each slice of mortadella to prevent it from curling as it cooks. Grill the mortadella until marked, then flip, top with a slice of cheese and grill until the cheese melts, 1 to 2 more minutes. You can also cook the mortadella in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, about 3 minutes per side.nSandwich build: Split the baguette in half lengthwise and toast lightly on the grill. Schmear the olive aioli on the baguette top. Layer the cheesetopped mortadella on the baguette bottom. Top with the tomatoes, lettuce and the baguette top. Cut into individual sandwiches. Photograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced pitted oilcured black olives, 12 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 small clove garlic, minced or grated, 14 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt, 2 pounds mortadella, sliced about 18 inch thick, 6 ounces muenster cheese, thinly sliced, 1 24inch baguette, 2 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce], title: Grilled Mortadella and Muenster Monster Sub, picturelink: 9cF78KEAn5kIZklqI4O0tpyTBWFn.o2}, 2946: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the couscous with the water and lemon juice. Let stand 1 hour.nTo the couscous add the olive oil, parsley, mint, preserved lemon rind, pine nuts, salt and pepper. Mound the couscous in the center of a serving platter. Top with diced tomato. Surround the base with endive leaves. Serve at room temperature.nScrub the lemons under running water and pat dry. Cut a thin slice from each end of a lemon. Set on end and make a vertical cut 34 of the way through the fruit, leaving the 2 halves attached. Turn the lemon upside down, rotate 90 degrees, and make a second vertical cut, again 34 of the way through the fruit. Fill each cut with as much salt as it will hold. Place the lemon in a sterilized, 1quart size, widemouth canning jar. Proceed in this manner for the remaining lemons, pressing as many into the jar as possible. Seal and set aside at room temperature. Add additional lemons over the next few days as the rinds of the first lemons begin to soften. By this time, the juices should have risen to cover the lemons. If not, add 1 tablespoon of fresh lemon juice mixed with 1 teaspoon of salt. This will prevent the top lemons from darkening. Store at room temperature until the rinds become tender, and the pulp acquires the consistency of jam, 3 to 4 weeks. Refrigerate. Use within 6 months.nYield: 1 quart, ingredients: [14 cup couscous, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 40 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped about 14 cup, 30 fresh mint leaves, finely chopped about 2 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons finely diced Moroccan Preserved Lemon rind, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted, 34 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 small tomato, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 Belgian endives, separated into leaves, for scooping, 12 unblemished lemons of equal size, Sea salt or table salt], title: CouscousParsley Salad with Preserved Lemon, picturelink: OY0qKWNZS6ek2XgoCOyfvRs7So2mHlW}, 2947: {instructions: Combine the broth and chiles in a medium saucepan, bring to a boil, and then partially cover and simmer gently over medium to mediumlow heat for about 10 minutes. Pour the chile mixture into a food processor, add 14 cup cilantro and process to a smooth puree. Season with salt and keep warm.nWipe the pan clean, add the oil, and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and cook for 1 minute. Add the warm broth mixture, stir, and season with salt. Bring to a boil, cover, and then reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit for 5 minutes, covered. Fluff with a fork, transfer to a bowl, and stir in remaining cilantro., ingredients: [1 34 cups chicken broth or water, 2 roasted poblano peppers, stems, seeds and skin removed, 1 roasted jalapeno pepper, stem, seeds and skin removed, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, divided, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 Spanish onion, finely diced, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 1 14 cups longgrain rice], title: Green Rice, picturelink: null}, 2948: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream, basil, parsley, chives, oregano, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Chill for a couple of hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup real mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk more as needed to reach desired consistency, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 3 teaspoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and ground pepper], title: Herby Ranch Dressing, picturelink: at017fgp06SixrvYk6dAgIG5RZG9Zx6}, 2949: {instructions: Place the spaghetti in a pot of boiling salted water and stir immediately to prevent the strands from sticking. Cook the spaghetti to al dente.nCut the garlic in half and rub the exposed area along the interior of a large serving bowl. The raw garlic flavor will coat the inside surface of the serving bowl. Discard the garlic. Add the freshly squeezed lemon juice and slowly drizzle in extravirgin olive oil while whisking. Whisk until the ingredients have emulsified. Mix in the salt and Parmigiano cheese.nWhen the spaghetti is al dente, drain and add to the serving bowl. Mix the pasta with the lemon sauce to coat evenly. Sprinkle the pasta dish with Parmigiano cheese, fresh parsley and lemon zest. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound457 g spaghetti, 1 clove garlic, for rubbing, 2 lemons zest of 1 lemon, juice of 2 lemons, 5 tablespoons74 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 1 cup235 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese, plus extra for sprinkling, Bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped], title: Spaghetti al Limone: Spaghetti with Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2950: {instructions: For the applecinnamon puree: Puree the roasted apples and their juices in a food processor or blender. Combine the apple puree with the lemon juice, sugar and cinnamon in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened and reduced slightly, about 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature and store in a sanitized jar for up to a month.nFor the salted caramel: Heat the sugar in a saucepan over medium heat, until the sugar turns golden. Stir until all of the sugar is dissolved and just starting to turn a lovely amber color.nTurn heat to low, add the butter and stir to combine. Careful, itu00bfll foam up. Then add the heavy cream, vanilla extract and salt, stirring to combine. Youu00bfll cook the sauce for 5 to 10 minutes, until it comes together. Itu00bfll take quite a bit of stirring Let caramel cool to room temperature, pour into a glass jar and store in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Pour over everything and anythingnFor the crepes: Pop the flour, both sugars, salt, milk, eggs and melted butter in a large bowl and blend together thoroughly. If at all lumpy, strain.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Lightly coat or spray with vegetable oil and ladle a scoop of the batter into the center of the pan. Tilt the pan, rotating in a circle, to spread the entire crepe out. It should be about 9 inches wide and very thin. Cook until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Set aside on a plate. Cook the remaining batter until you have about 20 crepes.nFor assembly: Place a crepe on a cake platter and spread 3 to 4 tablespoons of the mascarpone over the crepe. Top with another crepe, and spread with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the salted caramel sauce. Top that with another crepe, and spread with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the applecinnamon puree. Repeat this process until youu00bfve layered 20 crepes.nPop the crepe cake in the fridge for at least 3 hours preferably overnight to set. When ready to serve, remove from the fridge and let it sit on the counter for about 20 minutes to take the chill off. Sprinkle the top with sea salt and enjoy., ingredients: [2 pounds roasted apples, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup white sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons bakeru00bfs sugar or superfine sugar, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 12 cups whole milk, 12 large eggs, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Vegetable oil, for cooking, 1 12 cups mascarpone cheese, 1 12 cups salted caramel sauce, 1 12 cups applecinnamon puree, Sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted Caramel Apple Crepe Cake, picturelink: 42GZ9m.Z7ywOYs2XQZoy7gTR3smb2O}, 2951: {instructions: Make butter: In a bowl combine all ingredients.nCut bread into 12 to 1inch thick slices. Brush both sides of bread with oil, season with salt and pepper and transfer to a heated grill. Grill each side of the bread for 1 to 2 minutes, or until lightly toasted and grill marked. Rub bread with the garlic clove. While bread is still hot spread with some of the butter. Transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons black olive spread, such as Tapenade, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves about 6, l loaf crusty countrystyle bread, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large clove garlic], title: Grilled Peasant Bread with Olive Butter, picturelink: null}, 2952: {instructions: For the smoked paprika butter: Combine the butter, paprika, salt and pepper in a bowl. Roll into a log, wrap in waxed paper or parchment and refrigerate until very cold.nFor the mashed potatoes: Put the potatoes in a large pot, cover by 2 inches with cold water and add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a boil and cook until forktender, about 35 minutes. Drain the potatoes, run through a food mill set over a large bowl and rice until very fine.nCombine the milk and heavy cream in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat.nPut the potatoes back in the pot, place the pot back over low heat and, using a wooden spatula, stir the potatoes to dry them out. Begin adding the cold paprika butter little by little, vigorously stirring with a wooden spoon until the butter is incorporated. Adding the cold butter slowly will create an emulsion. Slowly stir in the warm milk mixture bit by bit, and then switch to a whisk and whisk until light and fluffy. Fold in the chives and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound butter, slightly softened, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice, Kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, Small bunch chives, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes with Smoked Paprika and Chives, picturelink: pPSnReNqMulC9lZxwXpaXI8zaXNbYVi}, 2953: {instructions: Make Macadamia flour: mix together flour, pulverized nuts and season with salt and fresh black pepper. Make egg dip for chicken breast: mix one egg with milk and 1 tablespoon mustard, and season with salt and fresh black pepper. Make mustard sauce: mix remaining mustard and mayonnaise, and thin with water.nSlice the chicken breasts in 3 horizontal slices. Pound them slightly between plastic wrap or waxed paper, season with salt and pepper. Slice the onion thinly, saute it in 1 tablespoon olive oil for about 4 to 5 minutes until caramelized. Remove from pan.nFlour chicken pieces and dredge in the egg dip, then flour them again. Saute them for 3 minutes on each side until golden brown. Remove from pan to a baking sheet and bake them at 375 degrees for 3 to 4 minutes, or until juices run clear. Drain excess oil and breading from the saute pan, and add 1 tablespoon olive oil and sliced garlic. Stir until golden. Add spinach and red pepper, sauteeing until spinach is wilted. Season with salt and pepper, and transfer to the center of a serving plate. Add 1 tablespoon butter to the pan. When melted, add the onions and cook briefly. Place on top of the spinach. Remove the chicken from the oven and fan it around the vegetables. Spoon the mustard sauce around it, ingredients: [14 cup macadamia nuts roasted and salted, 12 cup flour, 1 egg, 14 cup milk, 4 tablespoons pomery mustard, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 1 large Spanish onion, 1 roasted red pepper or 1 jar, julienned, 1 bunch fresh spinach, Vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, Olive oil], title: Macadamia Crusted Chicken Medallions, picturelink: null}, 2954: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread 1 sheet phyllo on work surface brush evenly with melted butter. Place a second sheet of phyllo on top brush with melted butter. Place third sheet of phyllo crosswise over first 2 sheets brush with melted butter.nSprinkle 1 tablespoon almonds in small circle in center of phyllo. Spread mustard over both sides of Brie. Sprinkle both sides with herbs. Place brie on top of almonds. Sprinkle top with remaining almonds. Carefully gather edges of phyllo up around brie to form a package. Pinch tightly at the neck to seal. Brush package with melted butter.nBake 15 to 20 minutes, until golden brown. Cool 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [3 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed for 15 minutes if frozen, 3 to 4 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup sliced natural almonds, roasted, divided, 2 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 1pound wheel goodquality brie cheese, 2 tablespoons dried fines herbs chervil, chives, tarragon and parsley], title: PhylloWrapped Brie with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 2955: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Combine crushed red pepper, mustard and about 2 tablespoons oil in a small dish. Slather the mixture over the skin of the chicken. Place chicken face down in a nonstick skillet. Set loose foil over chicken then a plate or smaller pan on top and weigh it down with a brick or heavy cans. Place pan over medium to mediumhigh heat and cook. After 18 minutes flip the chicken to get some color on the other side. Reduce the heat from medium to mediumlow and cook for another 2 minutes, until cooked through. Remove weight, turn chicken over and sprinkle with chopped hot peppers then douse with pepper juice and top with parsley.nWhile chicken cooks, transfer the marmalade to a microwaveable dish give it a zap just to loosen it up. Remove from the microwave and whisk together the marmalade and poppy seeds and vinegar then stream in 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Toss cucumbers, tomatoes and greens with the dressing and season with salt and pepper.nTurn broiler on.nPlace bread under broiler and broil until charred or toasted. Remove from the broiler and rub with cut garlic, drizzle with olive oil and rub bread in the pan juices after the chicken comes out.nServe chicken with salad and soaked bread., ingredients: [4 large chicken legs and thighs, bone in, skin on or, 4 chicken breasts, bonein, skin on, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more, for drizzling, divided, 2 to 3 tablespoons finely chopped banana pepper rings, 2 tablespoons hot pickled pepper juice, Handful freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon orange marmalade, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 4 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 bunch arugula or watercress, cleaned and chopped, Crusty bread, cut into slices, for mopping, 1 garlic clove, cut in 12], title: Hot Pepper Chicken Under a Brick with an Orange and Poppy Seed Dressed Salad, picturelink: xpUTo7ZhSSmLtPHDpGp.nNNZtRBVcWu}, 2956: {instructions: Make the dough.nCombine the yeast and 34 cup warm 110 degrees F water in a large bowl stir to dissolve the yeast, then set aside until foamy, about 5 minutes. Sift 34 cup flour into the bowl and blend with a wooden spoon until smooth.nAdd 1 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper and the honey and mix to blend. Sift the remaining 1 cup flour into the bowl and mix until incorporated. Transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead until smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Brush a large bowl with olive oil and add the dough. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 12 hours.nRoast the grapes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the grapes with 2 tablespoons olive oil on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Roast until wrinkled, 12 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the vinegar, sugar and mustard seeds to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the liquid is reduced by about half, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove the grapes from the oven leave the oven on and let cool slightly. Combine the grapes and the vinegar mixture in a bowl set aside.nCook the broccoli.nHeat a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat. When it gets hot, remove from the heat and add 3 tablespoons olive oil and the broccoli season with salt and the red pepper flakes. Return to the heat and cook, stirring from time to time, until the broccoli chars, 10 to 12 minutes, adding 1 more tablespoon olive oil and the garlic during the last 2 minutes of cooking. Add a splash of water if the pan is too dry. Place the pan in the oven and cook until the broccoli is tender, about 5 more minutes. Set aside to cool leave the oven on.nPrepare the ricotta.nPut the ricotta in a medium bowl. Season with salt and stir in the thyme and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Taste for seasoning. Set aside.nRoll out the dough.nPress the dough gently and turn it out onto a floured surface. Divide in half and roll each piece into a loose ball. Cover with a kitchen towel and let rest 15 minutes. Flatten the dough, then roll out each piece into an 8inch round. Place on a lightly oiled baking sheet.nCook the flatbread.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a 9to10inch ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When it begins to smoke lightly, turn off the heat and add one round of dough.nReturn to mediumhigh heat and cook, pressing the dough gently with a spatula to keep it flat, until slightly brown on the underside, 2 to 3 minutes.nSeason the dough lightly with salt and pepper, then flip and press with the spatula. Pour off any excess oil from the pan.nAdd the toppings.nWhile the underside cooks, spread half of the ricotta mixture on top.nArrange half of the grapes and broccoli on the ricotta. Transfer the pan to the oven to warm through, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the flatbread to a cutting board, cut it into slices and top with parmesan cheese. Repeat to make another flatbread.nPhotograph by Penny de los Santos, ingredients: [1 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons honey, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 12 pound seedless red grapes about 1 12 cups, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, stems peeled and sliced, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 6 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped, Freshly ground pepper, Grated parmesan cheese, for topping], title: Flatbread with Charred Broccoli and Roasted Grapes, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 2957: {instructions: Combine the lobster, mayonnaise, celery, capers, dill, salt, and pepper. With a sharp knife, cut off the base of the endive and separate the leaves. Use a teaspoon to fill the end of each endive leaf with lobster salad. Arrange on a platter and serve., ingredients: [34 pound fresh cooked lobster meat, smalldiced, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 12 cup smalldiced celery 1 stalk, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh dill, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 4 heads Belgian endive], title: Lobster Salad in Endive, picturelink: null}, 2958: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine brown sugar, shortening, water, vanilla and peppermint extracts in large bowl beat at medium speed until well blended. Add eggs mix well.nCombine flour, salt, cocoa and baking soda in medium bowl add to shortening mixture. Beat at low speed just until blended. Stir in mint chocolate chips.nDrop dough by rounded measuring tablespoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets.nBake 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are set. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets transfer to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 23 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, or 23 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups 12 ounce package mint chocolate chips], title: ChocolateMint Brownie Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 2959: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan cook the mushrooms in 14 cup of the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until most of the liquid they give off has evaporated, stir in the flour, and cook the mixture over low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add in a stream the milk, the broth, and the wine, stirring, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer the sauce for 5 minutes. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the spaghetti until it is al dente and drain it well.nIn a large bowl combine well the spaghetti, the mushroom sauce, the turkey, the peas, and salt and pepper to taste, stir in 13 cup of the Parmesan, and transfer the mixture to a buttered shallow 3 quart casserole. In a small bowl combine well the remaining 13 cup Parmesan, the bread crumbs, and salt and pepper to taste, sprinkle the mixture evenly over the Tetrazzini, and dot the top with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, cut into bits. The Tetrazzini may be prepared up to this point 1 month in advance and kept frozen, covered. Bake the Tetrazzini in the middle of a preheated 375 degree oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until it is bubbling and the top is golden., ingredients: [10 ounces mushrooms, sliced thin about 4 cups, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup all purpose flour, 1 34 cups milk, 2 cups chicken broth, 14 cup dry white wine, 10 ounces spaghetti, 3 cups coarsely chopped cooked turkey, including cooked giblets if desired, 1 cup cooked peas, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 13 cup fine fresh bread crumbs], title: Turkey Tetrazzini, picturelink: null}, 2960: {instructions: Make the brine: Combine the salt, honey and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over high heat. When the salt and honey have dissolved, remove the pan from the heat and add the juniper berries, rosemary, peppercorns, bay leaf and garlic. Let steep until the water cools to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Add the brine mixture to a large container with a lid, then add 14 cups cold water. Score the skin on the pork roast with a knife in a 1inch diamond pattern. Submerge the pork in the brine and cover the container. Let the pork brine overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the pork from the brine, then rinse and pat dry discard the brine. Season the pork all over with 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Heat a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat for a few minutes, then add the olive oil and sear the roast on all sides until deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the middle of the pork registers 150 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Remove the pork to a cutting board, tent with foil and let rest at least 15 minutes.nWhile the meat is resting, make the compote: Transfer 2 tablespoons fat from the roasting pan to a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and saute, stirring, 5 minutes. Add the apple, pear, dried cranberries, orange juice, cider, brown sugar, mustard and rosemary add 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper, and the cayenne. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the compote is soft and thick, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl. Carve the pork into individual chops and serve with the compote.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup honey, 10 juniper berries, 2 sprigs rosemary, 10 black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 2pound skinon rack of pork pork loin roast with 4 rib bones, frenched ribs scraped clean ask your butcher to do this, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and diced, 1 Bosc pear, peeled and diced, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne pepper], title: Rack of Pork with PearApple Compote, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 2961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: latex gloves for handling peppers, optional, and 40 toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nIf you have them, slip on some latex gloves for the pepper prep. Cut the jalapenos in half lengthwise. With a spoon, remove the seeds and white membranes the source of the heat leave a little if you like things HOT. Smear cream cheese into each jalapeno half and then wrap with a bacon piece 12 slice. Secure by sticking a toothpick through the middle. Place on the rack in the baking sheet.nBake until the bacon is sizzling and done, 1 hour 15 minutes. Serve immediately, or theyre also great at room temperature., ingredients: [20 fresh jalapenos, 2 to 3 inches in size, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, slightly softened, 1 pound thin regular bacon, slices cut in half], title: Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: YDCuiNXp.7Ioh33seRqjVXOXbt70kly}, 2962: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the orzo and cook as the label directs, adding the celery slices during the last 2 minutes. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain. Set aside. Meanwhile, toast the pine nuts in a dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until lightly golden, about 3 minutes. Add the olives and red pepper flakes stir to combine. Stir in the orzo and celery slices along with 14 cup of the reserved pasta cooking water. Cook, stirring, until the water is mostly absorbed and the pasta is coated, adding more pasta cooking water if needed, about 2 minutes. Stir in the celery leaves, herbs and sardines season with salt and pepper. Drizzle each serving with olive oil and top with the toasted pine nuts and cheese.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces orzo, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, plus 12 cup roughly chopped leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 cup roughly chopped pitted black olives, such as kalamata, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley or mint or a combination, 1 3.75ounce can oilpacked sardines or one 5ounce can oilpacked tuna preferably Italian, drained and flaked, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup grated ricotta salata cheese 2 ounces], title: Sicilian Orzo Salad, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 2963: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, orange juice, and cranberry juice. Garnish with orange wheel., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, 3 oz. orange juice, 1 splashes cranberry juice], title: Vanilla Dream, picturelink: null}, 2964: {instructions: Skewer shrimp by alternating shrimp, papaya, red pepper, shrimp, poblano, red onion. Combine corn oil and lime juice and set aside.nIn blender puree mango, shallots, garlic, cilantro, chipotles, lemon juice and vinegar. Slowly add in corn oil while blending. Season with Kosher salt and pepper.nPRESENTATION: Dredge the brochettes into the corn oillime mixture and season with salt and pepper. Grill over medium high heat until cooked evenly on both sides. Remove from heat and allow to rest for 2 to 3 minutes. Ladle the vinaigrette across the center of the plate and place the brochette atop the vinaigrette. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and drops of red chili oil and jalapeno hot sauce., ingredients: [8 U12, under 12 per pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup papaya, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch squares, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled and cut into 1inch squares, 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled and cut into 1inch squares, 1 red onion, peeled and cut into 1inch squares, 14 cup corn oil, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, to taste, 4 wooden skewers or long rosemary sticks, 1 mango peeled and core removed, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon chipotle chiles in adobo, 14 cup corn oil, 1 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, to taste], title: Shrimp Brochettes Mango Chipotle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 2965: {instructions: Sift the flour, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cinnamon and the salt into a large bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a separate large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the whole egg, egg yolk, the brandy and vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just incorporated. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, 1 hour.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Dust each piece of dough with flour and roll out between pieces of parchment to 14 inch thick. Refrigerate 15 minutes. Cut into shapes and transfer to the baking sheets. Gather the scraps and refrigerate until firm reroll once to cut out more cookies. Chill the cutouts 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the cookies, switching the pans halfway through, until just golden, 11 to 13 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the icing: Beat the confectioners sugar, meringue powder, the remaining 14 teaspoon each cinnamon and nutmeg, and 3 to 4 tablespoons water with a mixer on high speed until smooth and thick. Transfer to a resealable bag and snip a small corner pipe onto the cookies and decorate with nonpareils. Let set 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 14 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter,at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, White nonpareils, for decorating optional], title: Eggnog Cutouts, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 2966: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium high heat bring white wine vinegar, shallots, peppercorns, tarragon, chervil to a boil and reduce by 910th, strain, set aside.nIn a medium bowl over simmering water whisk egg yolks until light and fluffy. Stir in vinegar reduction. Add butter in cubes, whisking until thick.nTaste sauce and season to taste.nGarnish sauce with chopped chervil and tarragon, ingredients: [1 cup white wine vinegar, 4 shallots, finely chopped, 10 cracked peppercorns, or to taste, 12 bunch fresh tarragon, washed, leaves removed, 12 bunch fresh chervil, washed, leaves removed, 3 large egg yolks, 1 pound butter, cubed, Salt and pepper to taste, Fresh chervil, tarragon  chopped], title: Sauce Bearnaise, picturelink: null}, 2967: {instructions: This recipe has many personal touches: The combination of beef and chicken in the base of the recipe is something I got from my mother, studding the chicken with a couple of cloves to add a special flavor from making chicken stock at Guy Savoy in Paris and most of all, the meatballs from my parents. This soup is a meal unto itself and tastes even better leftover.n2 stalks celery with leaves, inner pieces from the bunch peeled of outer skin, cut into 12inch piecesnSoup: Season the chicken with salt, to taste, and push the 2 cloves into 1 of the chicken thighs. Add it to a large stock pot, cover with about 4 quarts water and bring to a simmer over medium heat.nMeanwhile, season the beef bones with salt and brown them in a cast iron pan with the canola oil, searing them over medium heat. Add them to the pot with the chicken. To the pan that the bones were seared in, over medium heat, add the carrots, celery and onion and toss until they are coated in oil. Add the thyme and bay leaves to the stock pot along with the sauteed vegetables. Bring the soup to a gentle simmer and skim the surface with a ladle. Discard any oil or scum that accumulates. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt, not too much, and lower the heat to finish cooking the chicken slowly.nMeatballs: Put the ground veal into a medium bowl. Add the salt, garlic, Parmesan, basil, egg and bread crumbs. Use your hands to mix to blend the ingredients. Roll a small meatball and cook a tester ladled into the soup, if desired. Taste and reseason the meat mixture, if needed. Roll the rest of the veal into small meatballs. They should be about the size of a small cherry tomato. Chefs Note: Imperfectly rolled meatballs actually make this soup more homey and real. Arrange the meatballs in a single layer on a baking sheet and refrigerate.nAfter about 45 minutes at a gentle simmer, taste the chicken soup and adjust the seasoning, if needed. Use a large spoon and a pair of tongs to remove the chicken to a baking sheet or other flat surface and allow it to cool for a few minutes. Remove the beef bones and scoop out the marrow. Add it to the soup, if desired. Remove and discard the fresh thyme and bay leaves. Take the breast and thigh meat off the chicken, taking care to discard the bones and skin. Break the chicken into bitesize pieces, but not too small, and add them to the soup.nBring the soup to a gentle simmer and add the meatballs. Allow it to continue simmering for a couple of minutes so the meatballs have a chance to cook. Drizzle in the eggs and continue to mix as they cook. They should look like little threads in the soup. Stir in the spinach and taste for seasoning. Transfer the soup to serving bowls and serve sprinkled with the Parmesan., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound whole chicken, cleaned and gutted, Kosher salt, 2 cloves, 4 quarts water, 2 pounds beef bones, preferably from the leg, cut into 1 12inch thick pieces, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch rounds, 1 onion, peeled, halved and sliced 12inch thick, Freshly cracked white pepper, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, washed and tied with string, 2 fresh bay leaves, 12 pound ground veal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Few basil leaves, snipped small with scissors, 1 egg, 12 cup bread crumbs, toasted, 3 eggs, very lightly beaten, 3 cups loosely packed spinach leaves, washed, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Chicken and Egg Soup with Little Veal Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 2968: {instructions: In a frying pan over medium high heat, add butter, shallots and garlic. Sweat the garlic and shallots until they become translucent. Add the clams and mussels and toss everything together. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze the frying pan with white wine, cover with a lid and let cook until the mussels and clams start to open. Strain mussels and clams and set aside, reserving the liquid it will be used to make the veloute.nIn a frying pan, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and heat the pan until it is smoking hot. Season the shrimp and scallops with salt and pepper. Carefully place the scallops in the pan and sear, until golden brown on both sides. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add the shrimp to the same pan and saute until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside.nIn the same frying pan, add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and let it get hot. Add the mushrooms and saute until they are cooked and most of their liquid is released. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the mushrooms from the pan and set aside.nPreheat the broiler.nTo make the veloute: In a saute pan melt butter and add flour until both mix evenly together. Let cook for a few minutes on light heat until the mixture resembles pancake batter. Take the pan you used to cook the shrimps and scallops and deglaze it with the liquid you saved from the mussels and clams and squeeze in the lemon. Add the fumet and let reduce. Add the cream and again let reduce over medium heat. Add the butter flour mixture and stir until everything starts to thicken. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nRemove the shells of the mussels and clams. Cut the scallops in 4 and remove any shell that is still on the shrimp. Add the mushrooms, scallops, shrimp, mussels, and clams to the veloute and stir everything with a spoon. Fill the baking shells or bowls with the seafood veloute and sprinkle the top with bread crumbs and parsley. Place under a broiler until the top becomes golden brown. Place the hot dish onto another plate to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons chopped shallots, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 12 medium clams, 18 black mussels, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium shrimp, 6 sea scallops, 8 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 lemon, 1 quart fumet fish stock, 1 pint heavy cream, 1 cup bread crumbs, 4 teaspoons parsley, chopped], title: Coquille SaintJacques, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 2969: {instructions: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Carefully pour the water around the walls of the pan, trying not to splash any sugar onto the walls. Do not stir gently draw your finger twice through the center of the sugar, making a cross, to moisten it.nOver high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring until golden caramel, about 10 to 15 minutes and the temperature reaches 320 to 330 degrees F. Swirl the mixture occasionally to even out the color. Turn off the heat and stir in the butter then the popcorn, peanuts, and cherries.nPour onto a silpat or buttered sheet pan and let cool a few minutes then start breaking it up into clusters, working quickly, so it doesnt harden and you dont burn yourself. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nNotes: I use Black Diamond Popcorn with its petit size hulless kernel. To pop corn properly, place the kernels in a heavybottomed large pot and cover them with oil. Put the lid on and cook on high until you hear the first pop. Immediately take it off the heat and let it sit 1 minute. Then return it to the heat and finish popping, shaking the pan the whole time. I dont know why this is better, but this is what my dad does, and his popcorn was always the best., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 23 cups water, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups popped corn, see cooks note, 12 cup toasted peanuts, 12 cup dried cherries], title: Caramel Corn with Peanuts and Dried Cherries, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 2970: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by placing each chop between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and gently pounding them out with the flat side of a meat tenderizer until they are an even 14inch thick.nPut the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Whisk the eggs and milk in another shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Put the bread crumbs in a third dish and again season with salt and pepper. Lightly dredge each piece of pork in flour, then in the egg and finally into the bread crumbs, pressing the bread crumbs onto the pork gently so they have a nice even coating.nLay the breaded pork cutlets in a single layer on a plate lined with parchment and refrigerate, uncovered, for 10 to 12 minutes to allow the coating to dry out a little and adhere to the pork.nHeat oil and butter in large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the thyme sprig and let it fry for about 1 minute to infuse the oil. Remove the thyme sprig and reserve. Gently lay the cutlets into the pan and cook until golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to paper towels to drain. Season with salt and transfer to a serving platter while still hot. Garnish with lemon wedges and the fried thyme sprig before serving., ingredients: [4 boneless pork loin chops about 5 to 6 ounces each, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 4 cups plain dried bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 sprig thyme, Lemon wedges], title: Pork Schnitzel, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 2971: {instructions: Sift the flour with the salt, and knead into a soft dough by adding the yogurt, butter, and water.nCover with a moist cloth and let rise for 12 an hour.nMeanwhile, combine ingredients for the potato filling in a bowl and refrigerate until needed.nKnead the dough again, and divide into 8 equal parts, rolling them into small balls. Using a rolling pin, roll out each ball into a round disc approximately 3 inches in diameter.nPlace the potato filling in the center of 4 of them, cover with the remaining disks, and roll out into a 4 to 5 inch discs. Brush the breads with soft butter.nPlace the stuffed breads on nonstick or wellseasoned cast iron pan on mediumhigh heat. They can also be cooked on a charcoal grill or pancake griddle. Cook till both sides are golden brown, approximately 2 to 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon yogurt, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup water, Potato Filling, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons softened butter, 1 potato, baked, cooled, peeled and mashed, 12 cup yogurt, 1 small onion, minced, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, 2 tablespoons minced cilantro, 2 teaspoons salt], title: PotatoStuffed Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 2972: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDissolve the salt in 4 cups water in a large container. Add the duck and bay leaf, cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrain the brine from the duck and discard the bay leaf. Place the duck, duck fat and fresh thyme in a roasting pan. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap, and then with foil. Place in the oven for 3 hours. Remove the foil and plastic and allow to cool.nYou may rewrap and refrigerate the duck as is, or when cool enough to handle, strain the fat reserve for your next batch, or for making pommes frites and pick the meat and skin from the bones. We use the bones for making gravy and stock and you can fry up the skins for cracklings  maybe the best snack ever, ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 2 pounds duck legs and thighs, 1 bay leaf, 8 ounces duck fat, 1 ounce fresh thyme], title: Duck Confit, picturelink: paMtnyFVkcrxzGn4VpDTm.qW9v0bNq}, 2973: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350u00b0.nPeel and grate potatoes. Mix together with salt and drain in a colander for 10 minutes.nPress potatoes against colander sides to eliminate moisture.nPlace parchment paper sprayed with cooking spray on a small 12 x 8 pan or pizza pan.nSpread potatoes out on pan to form a crust.nBake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Spray top with cooking spray and return to oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown.nDrain black beans. Place half the beans in a food processor with minced onion blend until thick and creamy.nSpread bean mixture onto potato flatbread.nIn a small skillet over medium high heat, cook bacon 57 minutes. Drain on a paper towel.nSprinkle bacon on top of black bean puree.nIn a small bowl, add remaining black beans, red onion and corn. Mix thoroughly and place on top of flatbread.nReturn oven to 350u00b0. Cook for 10 minutes or until beans and bacon are bubbly.nSlice roast beef into strips and place on top of potato flatbread.nTop with sliced jalapeu00f1o peppers and mozzarella cheese. Bake until cheese is melted, about 8 minutes.nTop potato flatbread with chicken and bacon, then sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top. Return to 350u00b0 oven and bake for 10 minutes or until cheese is melted.nShred lettuce and mix with ranch dressing.nDice tomato and set aside.nRemove flatbread from oven and top with lettuce and tomato., ingredients: [3 russet potatoes, 1 teaspoon Stonemill Iodized Salt, Carlini Cooking Spray, Black Bean Bacon Topping, recipe follows optional, Chicago Beef Topping, recipe follows optional, Chicken BLT Topping, recipe follows optional, 15.5 ounces Dakotas Pride Black Beans, 1 teaspoon Stonemill Minced Onion, 8 ounces Appleton Farms Premium Sliced Bacon, chopped, 12 red onion, diced, 12 cup Happy Harvest Whole Kernel Corn, 7 ounce Lunchmate Roast Beef Tub, 12 cup Tuscan Garden Sliced Jalapeu00f1o Peppers, 1 cup Happy Farms Shredded Mozzarella Cheese, 6 ounces Kirkwood Chicken Breast Strips, diced, 2.5 ounces Tuscan Garden Real Bacon Bits, 1 cup Happy Farms Shredded Mozzarella Cheese, 14 head iceberg lettuce, 3 tablespoons Tuscan Garden Ranch Dressing, 12 beefsteak tomato], title: Potato Flatbread, picturelink: jDJZEMoMX6S5TNVwnZbb4hkGnQlzcq}, 2974: {instructions: In an electric mixer, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg and salt and beat until combined. Stir together flour and almonds and add to butter mixture. Slowly mix just until flour is evenly moistened. Do not let it form a ball. Remove dough from bowl onto a lightly floured work surface and form into 2 balls. Flatten each ball into a disk, wrap well, and refrigerate a minimum of four hours or as long as 4 days.nThese two different pastry doughs have very different textures. The first is flaky due to the incorporation of butter in small pieces: as the dough cooks, the butter melts and the water in it turns to steam and puffs up the dough. The second dough is tender and crumbly: the butter is well creamed as for a cookie the confectioners sugar adds tenderness due to the cornstarch it contains the ground almonds, which can be substituted for some of the flour in any pastry dough recipe, add an interesting graininess., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups all purpose flour, 12 cup ground almonds], title: Crumbly Sweet Pastry Pate Sablee with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 2975: {instructions: Place the whole, skin on, beets in a pot and cover amply with water. Cook 1 hour until very tender. Test with a knifeit should pull out easily. Allow an hour for the beets to cool in the cooking liquid. This will give them the right consistency for the sauce. Cut away the very top of the beet and remove the skins. Place them in a food processor and puree as fine as possible. Strain though a coarse strainer into a mixing bowl. If you are using prepared horseradish, squeeze as much of the juice out as possible. 1 12 cups will give you 1 cup after squeezing there is no need to squeeze the fresh. Mix the horseradish with the beets and add the lemon water and season with pepper and salt, if needed. Allow at least 1 day for the flavors to meld., ingredients: [1 pound fresh beets red or yellow beets can be used for this recipe with similar results, 1 12 cups prepared horseradish or 34 cup freshly grated horseradish, 1 12 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoon water, Freshly ground pepper to taste, Kosher salt to taste not needed with prepared horseradish, which is salted], title: Red and Yellow Beet Horseradish for the Gefilte Fish, picturelink: null}, 2976: {instructions: Blend the blue cheese and the sour cream and place in a shallow bowl if the blue cheese is either too thin or dry to stick to grapes, adjust sour cream and cheese amounts accordingly. In a minichop or food processor, coarsely chop nuts. Place nuts in a separate shallow bowl. Roll grapes in blue cheese mixture, then roll grapes in nuts. Serve with toothpicks., ingredients: [8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 cup walnuts and pecans, 1 medium bunch seedless red grapes, separated, 1 medium bunch white seedless grapes, separated], title: Grapes Rolled in Blue Cheese and Nuts, picturelink: null}, 2977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: toothpicksnFill a large pot with enough oil to reach 2 inches up the side of the pan. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reads 375 degrees F. To make the flautas: In a pan over medium heat melt butter and saute onions and jalapenos until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, cumin, and cayenne pepper and cook until fragrant, another 2 minutes. Add chicken and salsa stir to combine. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro, cheese and lime juice. Let cool slightly.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nWorking with 4 tortillas at a time, spread a heaping spoonful along the middle of each tortilla. Roll tortilla tightly around the filling and secure with a toothpick. Using tongs, hold each flauta in hot oil until firm, then release to continue cooking. Cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes, then remove to a paper towellined plate and immediately season with salt. Keep flautas warm in the oven on a sheet tray while assembling and cooking the remaining tortillas.nTo make the Avocado Cream: In a serving bowl, mash avocado, sour cream and lime juice until smooth. Season with salt, to taste.nTo serve, arrange flautas on a platter of shredded lettuce and serve with Avocado Cream on the side., ingredients: [Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 small red onion, diced, 1 jalapeno, diced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed and meat finely shredded, 1 cup salsa, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 cup shredded CheddarMonterey jack blend, 1 lime, juiced, Salt, 16 5 to 6inch flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, for serving, 1 very ripe avocado, halved, pitted and flesh removed, 1 4ounce container sour cream, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt], title: Chicken Flautas with Avocado Cream, picturelink: YQWfuiJCXb8wg2TdBFxpOtS5Mh9ca6.}, 2978: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 2 12 or 2 34inch biscuit cutter steamer, steamer basket or bamboo steamernFor the pork buns: Bring 2 cups water to a simmer in a pot that will fit a steamer basket or a bamboo steamer.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the pork, ginger and scallions. Set asidenWorking with 1 dough canister 10 biscuits at a time, roll out the biscuits with a rolling pin until they are about 3 to 3 12 inches in diameter. Place 1 heaping tablespoon pork mixture in the center of 5 of the biscuits. Cover each with a remaining rolledout biscuits. Gently press the biscuits together all the way around the filling and to the edges. Place a 2 12 or 2 34inch biscuit cutter on top so that it is centered on the bun. Press down on the cutter to form a clean, sealed edge and remove the excess dough from around the outside of the biscuit cutter. If you do not have a biscuit cutter then just pinch together the edges of the buns with your fingers. Place the sealed buns onto a sheet tray and cover with plastic wrap. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nPlace the buns into the steamer basket. Depending on the size of your steamer, you may have to cook the buns in batches of 5. Place the steamer basket over the pot of simmering water, cover and steam, about 10 minutes. The buns will be puffed and the tops will look somewhat dry and shiny. Let cool 1 to 2 minutes.nWhile the buns are steaming, make the hoisin dipping sauce: In a small bowl, stir together the hoisin, soy sauce, 2 tablespoons water and the vinegar. Serve with the buns., ingredients: [1 cup prepared pulled pork, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 2 7.5ounce canisters refrigerated biscuit dough 20 total biscuits, 14 cup hoisin, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar], title: Steamed Pork Buns with Hoisin Dipping Sauce, picturelink: uz.Yw3Pd7wX4D9JZApyiC85aA82NO}, 2979: {instructions: Toss 1 pound bay scallops, 2 diced green tomatoes, 2 minced shallots, 12 minced jalapeno, 13 cup lime juice, 34 cup orange juice and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a glass bowl. Cover and chill, stirring occasionally, 4 to 6 hours. Add salt, pepper and chopped cilantro. Top with sliced avocado.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 2980: {instructions: Heat a large skillet or a 5 12 to 6quart stovetopsafe slow cooker insert over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the meat generously with salt and pepper. Add the oil to the insert and sear the meat, turning as each side turns a deep mahogany color, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the carrots to the slow cooker and then transfer the meat on top. Scatter the garlic, fennel and onions around the meat.nCrush the tomatoes through your fingers into the slow cooker, and then stir in their juices, 3 tablespoons of the cognac, the herbes de Provence and 2 teaspoons salt. Whisk the flour and chicken broth together, and then add to the cooker. Cover the cooker, set it on low and cook until the meat and vegetables are very tender, about 8 hours.nTransfer the meat to a cutting board. Skim any excess fat off the top of the sauce in the cooker. Stir the remaining 1 tablespoon cognac, the parsley, tomato tapenade and orange zest into the vegetables and sauce in the slow cooker. Season with salt and pepper.nArrange the vegetables around the meat and spoon some sauce over the top. Serve with hot buttered egg noodles. Pass the remaining sauce., ingredients: [One 3pound beef chuck roast, tied, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, large pieces halved, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, One 14 12ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, with their juice, 4 tablespoons cognac or brandy, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, 13 cup flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth or stock, 13 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 13 cup prepared sundried tomato tapenade, 1 packed teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Hot buttered egg noodles, for serving], title: Beef Provencal, picturelink: Px2tT5oWe2QFbKgVdc685F24N2CxgS}, 2981: {instructions: Stir the apple brandy, apple liqueur, Averna, bitters and Cinnamon Demerara over ice in a cocktail shaker until chilled. Strain into an iced double rocks glass. Garnish with brandied cherries.nMix together the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 34 ounces apple brandy, such as Calvados, 1 ounce apple liqueur, such as Berentzen, 12 ounce Averna, 3 dashes Angostura bitters, Pinch Cinnamon Demerara, recipe follows, Brandied cherries, for garnish, 14 cup demerara or brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Fall Fashioned, picturelink: lg3wHdHnaIA38A4ke8I44cwtygXFa}, 2982: {instructions: Muddle 4 of the cranberries and 1 of the rosemary sprigs with the maple syrup in a shaker. Add the gin, cranberry juice and vermouth and vigorously shake with ice. Strain into a chilled coupe. Top with a splash of Champagne.nTo garnish, place the remaining 2 rosemary sprigs into the marshmallow to create antlers, pushing one in far enough to come out of the opposite side. Attach the remaining cranberry to the end that is sticking out for the nose, then place the 2 cloves between the nose and antlers to create eyes., ingredients: [5 cranberries, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 34 ounce maple syrup, 2 ounces gin, 34 ounce cranberry juice, 34 ounce sweet vermouth, Splash Champagne, 1 marshmallow, 2 cloves], title: Rudolphs Cranberry Antlers Cocktail, picturelink: KlqGFMCI6CpA5dWI4a.NS47FJZnWya}, 2983: {instructions: Rinse the chickpeas and drain them very well. Line a baking sheet with a couple layers of paper towels and turn the chickpeas out on top in a single layer. Let the chickpeas dry thoroughly, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours the drier the better.nFill a medium pot with vegetable oil to a depth of 2 inches. Bring the oil to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Add the sage leaves and fry until a shade darker and crisp, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer to a papertowellined baking sheet and sprinkle with a little salt.nAdd half of the chickpeas to the oil and fry, stirring often, until golden brown and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined baking sheet and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Return the oil to 350 degrees F and repeat with the remaining chickpeas. Cool completely.nGently toss together the fried chickpeas and sage, the Parmesan, and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [Two 14.5ounce cans chickpeas, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup small and mediumsize fresh sage leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Fried Chickpeas with Sage and Parmesan, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 2984: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, onions, potatoes, and some salt and pepper and saute for 10 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock. Add the oregano and cherry tomatoes and simmer for 20 minutes. Add the zucchini and beans and simmer for another 15 minutes. Remove from the heat.nLadle into a big bowl and top with pesto, if using, and Parmesan. Serve with Italian bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, 2 ribs celery, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 large potato, cubed, Sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 6 cups chicken stock, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon dried Greek oregano, 2 zucchinis, thinly sliced, 1 can cannellini beans, 12 teaspoon pesto, optional, for garnish, Freshly grated Parmesan, 1 loaf crusty Italian bread, for serving], title: Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 2985: {instructions: Cut the chicken breasts roughly into 2 by 2inch pieces. Mix together the yogurt, garlic, ginger, cardamom, curry powder, chili flakes, coriander, paprika, honey, salt, and pepper until thoroughly combined. Add chicken pieces to yogurt mixture, cover, and refrigerate at least 1 hour or as long as overnight. Bring to room temperature before cooking.nIn a large skillet, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent. Stir in tomato paste until evenly distributed and then add the halfandhalf. Slide in the chicken and marinade, stir well, and bring mixture to a simmer. Reduce the heat so that the liquid remains at a low simmer. Cook about 15 minutes until chicken is no longer pink in the middle but still tender and moist. Serve immediately over basmati rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup whole milk plain yogurt, 3 large cloves garlic, pressed, 1inch piece ginger, grated, 8 cardamom pods, cracked with the back of a chefs knife, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon dried red chili flakes, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 20 grinds black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, cut into medium dice, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups halfandhalf, Basmati rice, for serving], title: IndianSpiced Chicken, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 2986: {instructions: Toasts: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the bread slices in a single layer on a baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Bake until light golden, about 10 minutes. Cool for 2 minutes. Rub the warm toasts with the cutside of the garlic. Set aside.nTopping: In a medium skillet, heat 3 tablespoons of oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 2 minutes. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper, to taste, and add them to the skillet. Cook until the meat is just pink and cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the shrimp and chop into 12inch pieces. Set aside.nIn the same skillet, add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the tomatoes start to soften, about 4 minutes. Turn the heat to high. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook for 2 minutes. Add the stock and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the tarragon, arugula, mascarpone cheese, and chopped shrimp. Stir until the mixture is creamy. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon the cream sauce over the toasts and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, before serving., ingredients: [1 1 pound loaf ciabatta bread, trimmed and cut into 14 12inch thick slices, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 garlic clove, halved, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large or 2 small shallots, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 pound extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 packed cup arugula, chopped, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature], title: Bruschetta with Shrimp, Tarragon and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 2987: {instructions: Make a batter out of the flour and soda water. Dip the shrimp into the batter, then coat in coconut flakes. Deep fry until golden brown in 350 degree oil.nLenswood Sauvignon Blanc:, ingredients: [1 cup rice flour, 1 quart soda water, 12 cup fresh coconut flakes unsweetened, 1 pound shrimp U15], title: Tempura Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 2988: {instructions: In a saucepan, over medium heat, simmer the port wine until reduced by 34, about 30 minutes. Cool completely. Syrup should be thick but still liquid when cooled.nPut a cooling rack onto a parchment lined sheet pan to catch any drips. Using a small clean paint brush, paint a swirl line on half each meringue. Arrange them on cooling rack and let them dry overnight.nCarefully pile the meringues into a large wide lipped vase or centerpiece of your choice. Syrup will still be sticky on meringues so be careful not to touch it or over handle the meringues., ingredients: [1 cup port wine, 2 dozen storebought vanilla meringues], title: DECORATIVE CENTERPIECES Port Wine Meringues with Swirls Bouquet, picturelink: zFgGQn9adHiYg2ztuDqzL2L3sSX2y}, 2989: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the eggplant in a colander and sprinkle with salt. Let it drain for 30 minutes, then rinse, drain and pat dry and chop.nCut the top third of peppers off horizontally, seed and reserve tops. Season the peppers with salt and pepper, to taste, and put them in a large bowl. Drizzle them with a little extravirgin olive oil, and arrange them upright in an oiled roasting dish.nHeat the 14 cup of extravirgin olive oil, in small pan over medium heat. Add the anchovies, if using, and let them melt into the olive oil. Stir in the garlic and rosemary and swirl for 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the oil mixture to a mixing bowl and add the eggplant, potatoes, tomatoes, onions, olives, lamb and cheese. Toss to combine and fill the peppers, slightly overstuffing them. Set the tops in place and roast for1 hour. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nReheat in a hot oven by adding a little chicken stock or water to the baking dish for moisture. Cover the baking dish with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until hot and cooked through, about 10 more minutes. Serve 2 peppers per adult portion., ingredients: [1 pound firm, tight skinned eggplant, diced 12inch pieces, Salt, 8 small green bell peppers, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus a little for dish and drizzling, 4 anchovy fillets in oil, optional, 2 cloves smashed garlic, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 2 medium starchy potatoes, peeled and diced 12inch, 2 vineripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, A couple handfuls pitted good quality green olives, chopped, 1 pound cooked lamb, 12inch diced, 13 pound fontina or Gruyere, 12inch dice, Chicken stock or water], title: Stuffed Peppers with Lamb and Eggplant, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 2990: {instructions: In large electric mixer bowl, beat peanut butter, margarine and sugar on medium speed until thoroughly combined. Add KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, mixing thoroughly. Portion mixture, using rounded teaspoon. Shape into balls. Place each ball in paper cup. Refrigerate.nMelt chocolate morsels and shortening in small saucepan, over low heat, stirring constantly. Spoon 1 teaspoon melted chocolate over each peanut butter ball. Refrigerate until firm. Store in airtight container in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup crunchy peanut butter, 14 cup margarine or butter, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 54 minimuffin paper cups], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Balls, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 2991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the pasta to a large pot of boiling salted water, over medium heat, and cook until al dente.nMeanwhile, heat a large 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil. Once shimmering and hot, add the shrimp and saute until just cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and reserve. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes to the skillet, then saute for until the garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the lemon juice and white wine and raise the heat to high. Let the liquid reduce for 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in the butter, add a ladleful of the pasta cooking water and return the shrimp. Remove from the heat.nDrain the pasta in a colander, and add it to the skillet along with the chopped parsley and toss. Add the lemon zest and adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound angel hair pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 lemon, juiced, plus 12 lemon, zested, 12 cup dry white wine, 5 tablespoons butter, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves], title: Ginas Shrimp Scampi with Angel Hair Pasta, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 2992: {instructions: Cook the penne in a pot of boiling salted water. While the pasta is cooking, make the sauce.nTo make the sauce: In a saucepan heat up the olive oil. Gently saute the garlic, add the chile peppers, and anchovies. Cook until the garlic is golden and anchovies have somewhat dissolved. Then add the chopped chocolate. When the chocolate has completely melted, stir in the breadcrumbs.nDrain the pasta just before the al dente stage and add to the saucepan. Add the chopped parsley and mix well for a few seconds so that the pasta and the sauce are well amalgamated or combined. Serve the dish immediately., ingredients: [1 pound450 g penne rigate pasta, 3 tablespoons45 ml extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 dry chile peppers, crushed, 8 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 2 cups457 g chopped finest quality plain dark chocolate at least 70 percent cocoa, 12 cup114 g finely grated breadcrumbs, Small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Penne al Cioccolato con Anchovies: Penne with Chocolate and Anchovies, picturelink: null}, 2993: {instructions: Stir together all ingredients, except Parmesan, in slow cooker.nCook on high, stirring every 30 minutes for 2 hours.nCheck consistency. Continue to cook, stirring every 10 to 15 minutes for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Be careful not to overcook risotto. Rice should be al dente, not mushy.nStir in Parmesan before serving., ingredients: [2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, 4 cups vegetable broth, 1 10.75ounce can condensed golden mushroom soup, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 6 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon thyme, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: null}, 2994: {instructions: In a blender blend all ingredients until smooth but still thick. Divide mixture between 4 tall glasses and sprinkle with cinnamon, ingredients: [2 cups freshly brewed espresso, cooled to room temperature, 4 cups ice cubes, 12 cup halfandhalf or whole milk, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, or to taste, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 12 cup Kahlua or other coffeeflavored liqueur if desired, Cinnamon], title: Frozen Cappuccinos, picturelink: null}, 2995: {instructions: In a 1quart saucepan, heat olive oil, fennel seeds, and bay leaves until hot but not smoking over medium heat. Remove saucepan from heat let stand 10 minutes.nIn large bowl, stir oliveoil mixture with olives, lemon peel, and garlic. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate olives at least 24 hours to allow flavors to develop, stirring occasionally. Or, in large selfsealing plastic bag, combine all ingredients, turning to coat olives well. Seal bag, pressing out as much air as possible. Place on plate refrigerate, turning bag occasionally.nSpoon olives into jars for gift giving. Store in refrigerator for up to a month., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed, 4 small bay leaves, 2 pounds assorted Mediterranean olives such as Nicoise, Picholine, Kalamata, and oilcured, 6 strips 3 x 1inch lemon peel, 4 garlic cloves, crushed with side of chefs knife], title: Marinated Olives, picturelink: null}, 2996: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Presoak 12 bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes.nFor the glaze: Combine the butter, pineapple juice, rum, sugar, tomato paste and vinegar in a small saucepan and simmer until reduced and the glaze has a texture like maple syrup, 7 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool slightly so it thickens up even more.nFor the meatballs: Set a small saute pan over high heat. Coat with a little olive oil and saute the garlic and shallots until caramelized, 4 to 5 minutes. Season with some salt and pepper. Set aside to cool.nIn a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs and cream and set aside to soak.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the beef, pork, cooled shallot and garlic mixture, currants, Parmesan, pine nuts and moistened breadcrumbs. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper and mix well. Form into 36 about 1 12inch meatballs and thread 3 meatballs per skewer. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet lined with foil and spray with nonstick spray. Arrange the skewers on the rack and bake in the center of the oven until the meatballs are just barely cooked but will hold their shape on the grill, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven.nHeat a grill to high and wipe down with an oil blotted paper towel to clean and create a nonstick surface. Place the skewers on the grill and char for about 30 seconds per side. Once they are browned, brush with the glaze and cook until the glaze is shiny and lightly coats the meatballs, 30 to 40 seconds more. Serve with any remaining glaze on the side for dipping., ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup white or dark rum, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for greasing, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 medium shallot, finely minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces ground beef, 12 ounces ground pork, 14 cup dried currants, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons chopped pine nuts, toasted, Nonstick cooking spray, Special equipment: bamboo skewers], title: OU812 Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 2997: {instructions: Combine the chopped chocolate and milk in a stainless steel bowl. Rest the bowl over a pot of simmering water, making sure that the bottom of the bowl is not touching the water. Stir until the chocolate is completely melted.nIn a frying pan, heat up the olive oil and saute the garlic until soft. Add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp are pink and just opaque. Add the salt and wine, and let reduce. Then add the parsley. Plate and drizzle with melted chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup229 g chopped finest quality plain dark chocolate at least 70 percent cocoa, 12 cup118 ml milk, 3 tablespoons45 ml extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 pound450 g shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt, 1 cup240 ml white wine, Small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Gamberi al Cioccolato: Shrimp with Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 2998: {instructions: Special equipment: one bricknFor the chicken and brine: Combine 2 gallons water, the salt, sugar, garlic, herbs and some black pepper in a large pot. Bring to a boil until the salt and sugar are dissolved, and then let cool completely. Submerge the chicken in the brine and let brine in the refrigerator for 4 hours.nFor the salsa verde: Whisk together the parsley, capers, anchovies, garlic and lemon zest. Slowly stream in the oil while whisking.nFor the sweet potato mash: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roast the sweet potatoes until completely soft, about 1 hour 30 minutes. While still warm, peel the potatoes and add them to a food processor. With the machine running, add the vinegar, butter and salt and pepper to taste. You may need a little water to get the mixture to puree, but dont add too much. Reserve.nFor the collard greens: Saute the onions in a large, widebottomed pan. Sprinkle with salt, and then add the greens, a bit more salt and about 12 cup water. Slowly cook the greens with the smoked pigs foot over low heat for at least 1 hour 30 minutes. The water will evaporate and draw the moisture from the greens. Stir occasionally and let them do their thing. Finish the dish by adjusting seasoning with salt, pepper and vinegar.nTurn the oven temperature to 450 to 500 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the brine and let it rest and come to room temperature. Dry, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nGet your saute pan medium hot add a good amount of canola oil. Crispy brown skin is the goal here, so mind your heat. Dont burn it, but make sure the pan is hot enough to keep the chicken from sticking. Add your chicken skinside down and shake the pan to make sure the skin is not sticking. Add a weight of your choice we use antique bricks we found in our building, hence the name, and then transfer the pan to the oven. Let it roll for about 10 minutes. Carefully flip the chicken over and let it go for another 6 minutes. All ovens are different, so after the chicken rests for 4 to 5 minutes, check the temperature in the leg to make sure it is thoroughly cooked., ingredients: [2 cups kosher salt, 2 cups brown sugar, Black pepper, 1 handful fresh herbs such as rosemary, thyme or sage, 1 head garlic, split horizontally, 1 whole hormonefree cagefree vegetarianfed chicken, cut into quarters, carcass discarded, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 filet anchovy, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup olive oil, 6 medium red Beauregard or any other well farmed sweet potatoes, About 12 cup cider vinegar, A couple knobs cold unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Spanish onions, medium dice, Salt, 4 pounds collard greens, 1 smoked pigs foot or ham hock, Freshly ground black pepper, Champagne or other fine white vinegar, Canola oil], title: Boundary Road Brick Chicken, picturelink: null}, 2999: {instructions: Add all of the ingredients, except the oil, to a large bowl. Mix well, then slowly whisk in the oil until completely incorporated.nMix the allpurpose flour, the cake flour and the baking powder together in a large bowl.nHeat a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the desired amounts of batter to the skillet and cooknuntil bubbles appear on the top of the pancake. Turn and cook on the other side. Repeat with the remaining batter. Arrange the pancakes on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sugar, 1 pound can pumpkin, 4 eggs, 4 cups milk, 12ounce baking powder, 18ounce ground nutmeg, 18ounce ground clove, 18ounce ground cinnamon, 12ounce salt, 1 23 cups oil, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 1 pound cake flour, 2 ounces baking powder], title: Pumpkin Pancakes, picturelink: null}}