{29700: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Use as batter for meats and vegetables., ingredients: [1 cup of flour, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 12 cups of seltzer water, Salt], title: Tempura Batter, picturelink: null}, 29701: {instructions: Saute the onions in oil until lightly browned. Rinse the split peas and barley in water and place in a large pot. Add the chicken stock and water and cook over mediumhigh heat. until almost tender, about 1 hour. Add the pasta and cook 10 minutes longer. Then add the lima beans and vegetables, cook until the vegetables are tender. Season with dill, salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 large onion, finely diced, 4 tablespoons oil or unsalted butter, 12 cup split peas, 12 cup barley, 8 cups chicken stock, water, or a combo, 4 cups water, 34 cup elbow pasta, 1 10ounce package frozen lima beans, 1 10ounce package frozen mixed garden vegetables, 14 cup roughly chopped dill leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Old World Vegetable Soup, picturelink: f.ly5mhatKQ2c.kHmvJ9Mp49pHevO}, 29702: {instructions: Soak the capers in 2 tablespoons of vinegar in a small bowl for 10 minutes. Drain.nCut the crust off of the bread. Cut into 2inch slices and grill, drizzling about 2 tablespoons of olive oil on both sides of the bread. Once grilled, cut or tear bread into 1 inch cubes and set aside.nSubmerge the tomatoes into a large saucepan of boiling water for 10 seconds. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the tomatoes to a large bowl of ice water to cool slightly. Using a small sharp paring knife, peel off the tomato skins. Cut the tomatoes in half and scoop out the seeds. Cut the tomatoes into 1inch cubes and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk 23 cup of the olive oil, 14 cup of vinegar, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the bread cubes, tomatoes, and basil toss to combine.nTransfer half of the bread mixture to a 13 by 9 by 2inch dish.nArrange half of the roasted peppers, drained capers, and olives over the bread mixture. Repeat layering with the remaining bread mixture, then the remaining roasted peppers, capers, and olives. Cover the salad and let stand at room temperature for flavors to blend, at least 1 hour.nGarnish with the basil sprigs and serve., ingredients: [14 cup drained capers, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 ounces ciabatta or other countrystyle white bread, 2 to3 days old, 2 tablespoons plus 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 9 ripe tomatoes about 2 14 pounds total, cored and scored on the bottom, 1 garlic clove, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 cup drained roasted red bell pepper strips, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved lengthwise, Fresh basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Panzanella, picturelink: DqNded0yTs60Q4X88TlJnTfuuIiJsOK}, 29703: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the chips with the cinnamon and sugar, spreading the sugar evenly. Next, stack or mound the nachos on a large plate or serving dish. Top with the chocolate and bake until the chocolate is melted, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve with Creme Fraiche and Warm Berry Salsa.nWhisk the sour cream, heavy cream, confectioners sugar and liqueur thoroughly. Refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes or up to overnight.nIn saucepan over high heat, bring 12 cup water to a boil. Reduce the heat and add the sugar and liqueur. Continue to cook until the sugar begins to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the vinegar and butter and place in the refrigerator until chilled, about 10 minutes.nOnce the sauce has cooled, add the berries and mix thoroughly. Finish with splash of spice if desired.nOnce mixed, reheat the salsa over low heat in a saucepan for 2 to 3 minutes or in the microwave for 45 seconds. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 cups storebought flour tortilla chips, unsalted, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 cup grated semisweet chocolate, 1 cup grated white chocolate, 1 cup Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 1 cup Warm Berry Salsa, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur, such as triple sec, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon liqueur of choice, such as orangeflavored cognac, 1 tablespoon butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 14 cup blueberries, 14 cup raspberries, Hot sauce, chilegarlic sauce, diced peppers or chile seeds, optional], title: Dessert Nachos, picturelink: 5p6QtwDokVG0QTwD0IWsbuAXXS0AE.}, 29704: {instructions: For the pancake batter: Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into a small mixing bowl and make a well in the center. Whisk the milk, egg, melted butter, and vanilla until smooth in a 1quart measure. Pour into the dry ingredients, and whisk until creamy. Cover and let stand while you prepare the apples.nFor the apple mixture: Quarter each apple, then peel, core, and slice each quarter crosswise 18inch thick, letting the slices fall into a large mixing bowl. Add the sugar mixture and lemon juice and toss well. Melt the butter in a heavy 12inch skillet over moderate heat, then let it foam up and subside. Add the apple mixture and saute 2 minutes, stirring often. Pour in the water, reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook 5 minutes. Uncover, raise the heat to moderate and boil, uncovered, shaking the skillet often, for 1 12 to 2 minutes, just until all juices boil away. Scoop the skillet mixture into a 1quart measure and reserve.nPreheat the oven to 150 to 200 degrees F.nTo cook the pancakes: Generously oil the bottom and sides of a wellseasoned 10inch omelet pan or spray with nonstick vegetable cooking spray and set over moderate heat for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat, pour in a scant 13 cup of the pancake batter, and tilt the pan first to 1 side, then to another, until the batter coats the bottom of the pan in a thin, even layer. Set the pan on a hot pad on the counter, then by hand, arrange 12 cup of the apple slices on top of the batter in the pan, distributing them as evenly as possible. Pour in another scant 13 cup batter, covering the apples as uniformly as possible. Tilt the pan gently to distribute the batter more evenly, if necessary.nSet the skillet over moderate heat and cook the pancake, uncovered for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and cook, uncovered, 2 minutes longer, until the pancake has dried around the edge and holes begin to appear on top. Spray a small, thinbladed spatula with the cooking spray, carefully loosen the pancake around the edge, then shake the pan over the heat several times until the pancake moves freely. Quickly spray a large, flat round plate with the cooking spray and ease the pancake onto it right side up. Using potholders to protect your fingers, invert the omelet pan on the plate, then invert once again so the pancake is in the pan uncooked side down. Set over moderate heat and cook the pancake, uncovered, for 2 minutes. Slide onto a large round, ovenproof plate, cover with foil, and set in the warm oven. Cook the remaining pancakes the same way, recoating the skillet with cooking spray before each new pancake. As each new pancake finishes cooking, slide on top of the foil covered pancake, top with more foil and return to the warm oven. When ready to serve, slide each pancake onto a heated plate and dust with vanilla sugar.nBroiler method: Set the broiler rack 6 to 7 inches below the heating element and preheat the broiler. Follow the basic recipe, but be sure that the omelet pan or skillet you use has a flameproof handle. As soon as a pancake has browned 3 minutes in the skillet on top of the stove, transfer to the broiler and broil 3 to 3 12 minutes, until nicely tipped with brown. Carefully loosen the pancake around the edge with a spatula, ease right side up onto a large round plate, cover with foil, and keep warm. Cook the 3 remaining pancakes the same way. Dust with sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 extra large egg, 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter or margarine, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 mediumsized Golden Delicious or tart cooking apples about 1 14 pounds, 2 tablespoons sugar mixed with 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon and 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or margarine, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons Vanilla Sugar or Vanilla 10X sugar], title: Apple Pancakes: Apfelpfannkuchen, picturelink: null}, 29705: {instructions: LAMB: Preheat grill or oven to 375F. Rub each rack all over with olive oil. Brush or spread meat side of each rack with mint jelly and season on top of that with salt and pepper. Transfer racks to hot grill, pepper side down. Grill with lid closed about 8 minutes, then turn 90 degrees and grill another 810 minutes until desired doneness.nCHUTNEY: Heat olive oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and celery and saute until soft. Add garlic and saute until fragrant. Add remaining ingredients and cook over mediumlow heat for 15 minutes, stirring often, until thick., ingredients: [1 Tbs. olive oil, 2 racks of lamb, frenched, 14 cup storebought mint jelly, 2 Tbs. coarse ground black pepper, salt to taste, 2 Tbs. olive oil, 12 cup small diced onion, 12 cup small diced celery, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 6 plums, pitted and very coarsely chopped, 1 cup dried plums, chopped, 1 Tbs. packed light brown sugar, 2 Tbs. cup red wine vinegar], title: Pepper Crusted Rack of Lamb With Plum Chutney, picturelink: null}, 29706: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk the vinegar, the mustards and salt and pepper, to taste, in a bowl. Slowly whisk in about the olive oil and until emulsified. Taste whisk in a few more tablespoons olive oil, if desired.nFor the grape salad: Prepare the grill for direct grilling.nBrush the chiles with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred on all sides. Remove to a bowl, cover and let steam for 15 minutes. Remove the skins and coarsely chop. Transfer to a bowl and add the grapes, chardonnay vinegar and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the chicken: Whisk together the apricot jam and vinegar. Season with salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper.nBrush the chicken on both sides with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until the first side is golden brown, about 2 12 minutes. Turn, brush with the glaze and sprinkle on the thyme. Cook until just cooked through, another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a serving platter.nTo serve, top with the grape salad, then the watercress and finally the almonds. Drizzle with the vinaigrette., ingredients: [14 cup chardonnay vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more if needed, 3 Fresno chiles, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups green seedless grapes, roughly chopped, 2 cups red seedless grapes, roughly chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chardonnay vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup apricot jam, 3 tablespoons chardonnay vinegar, 4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh thyme, 1 bunch watercress, for serving, 12 cup sliced skinon almonds, lightly toasted, for serving], title: Grilled Chicken Salad with Apricot Glaze, Homemade Mustard Vinaigrette and Grape Salad, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 29707: {instructions: To make the sponge, mix the yeast with the warm water until the yeast is dissolved. Add the light corn syrup to the yeast and water. Mix in the bread flour until there are no lumps in the mixture. Let the mixture rest until a thick surface forms and it is light and spongy.nBoil the potatoes as you would to make mashed potatoes, drain, mash them, and place them in a mixing bowl.nIn a separate bowl, combine the milk and yeast, and mix until the yeast is dissolved.nPlace the wheat and bread flour in the mixing bowl, add the salt, honey, and milk mixture, and using a dough hook, mix for 2 minutes on low speed until ingredients have combined. Add the sponge to the mixture and mix on medium speed for 8 minutes.nOnce the dough is mixed, let it rest for 15 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, cut the dough into 2 equal parts, roll into balls, and let the dough rest for 15 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTake the dough balls, and shape them into 16inch long bread loaves. Brush on a light coating of egg wash on top of each loaf, place the loaves on a baking sheet, and bake them for 35 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 ounce dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 8 ounces bread flour, 5 ounces red potatoes, 5 ounces blue potatoes, 16 ounces milk, 4 ounces dry yeast, 6 ounces whole wheat flour, plus 4 ounces whole wheat flour, for dusting, 1 pound bread flour, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 ounce honey, 1 egg, beaten for egg wash], title: Red, White, and Blue Potato Bread, picturelink: null}, 29708: {instructions: Clean the octopus, and then place into salted boiling water. Add the bay leaf and lemon. Cook 35 to 45 minutes on a soft boil. Delicately drain. Cut the octopus into pieces. Peel the garlic clove, cut in two. Sprinkle the octopus with salt and pepper. Place into a dish with the garlic and the rosemary. Cover with olive oil. Leave to marinate at least 24 hours. It will reach its peak flavor at 48 hours.nPlace the clams to soak in salted water in the dark for 3 to 4 hours to allow them to expel all the sand.nClean the squid in running water. Separate the head from the body. Open the scallops, remove the beards. Remove each scallop from its shell. Rinse. Dry on a towel.nCut the cuttlefish into 2inchsided triangles. Gently score one side of the cuttlefish. Shell the prawns, leaving the head and the tail, but removing the vein.nWash the broccoli. Remove the heads and peel the stems. Cook the heads in salted boiling salted water, immediately chill in iced water. Drain. Then cook the stems in the same water, and immediately chill in iced water. Set aside the 12 bestlooking heads. Using an immersion blender, puree the heads and stems. Add the chicken stock and a drizzle of olive oil, until the puree becomes smooth and silky. Store in a cool place.nHeat a drizzle of olive oil in a pan. Sear the cuttlefish triangles scoredside down for 2 to 3 minutes. Once they have colored slightly, add a knob of butter, and baste. Remove to a cooking crack and keep warm.nPour the lobster stock in a pan. Heat until it reaches a soft boil. Poach the prawns for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Place on a cooling rack in a warm place.nPlace the clams in a pan. Deglaze with the white wine. Cover the pan. Remove from the heat, and gradually remove them as they open, leaving in the shell. In the same pan, poach the squid for 1 minute. Decant the poaching liquid and reserve.nIn a large pan, heat a drizzle of olive oil. Quickly sear the scallops. Add some butter. Finish the cooking process by basting with foaming butter for 4 minutes.nTo serve, drain the octopus and place in the saute pan that the clams were cooked in. Add the clams and the broccoli heads. Bind with a drizzle of olive oil. Sprinkle some Espelette powder.nSpread the brocoletti puree on the bottom of the dishes. Then plate the scallops, octopus, squid, cuttlefish, clams and prawns. Lightly reduce the cooking juices if needed, and top the seafood with it. Add 3 drops of lemon juice and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [1 34 pounds800g rock octopus, 1 bay leaf, 12 lemon, Olive oil, 1 clove garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 16 clams, 1 113 pounds600 g small squid, 8 34 pounds4 kg inshell scallops, 1 pound400 g cuttlefish, 4 prawns, 2 14 pounds1 kg broccoli romano, 12 cup10 cl chicken stock, 12 cup10 cl lobster stock or seafood stock, 1 12 tablespoons20 g unsalted butter, 4 teaspoons2 cl white wine, Espelette powder or Spanish paprika, Lemon juice], title: Scallops, Clams, Octopus, Squid and Prawns with Broccoli Romano, picturelink: null}, 29709: {instructions: Smash the beans in a bowl with a potato masher or fork until slightly chunky. Add the onion, walnuts, carrot, 12 cup breadcrumbs, scallions, parsley and 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce. Season with salt and pepper and mix with your hands until combined.nSpread the remaining 12 cup breadcrumbs on a plate. Form the bean mixture into 4 patties lightly coat with the breadcrumbs, shaking off any excess. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties and cook until golden and slightly crisp, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the burgers to a plate.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and the remaining 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce season with salt and pepper and cook until the mushrooms are slightly wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve the burgers on the English muffins with mayonnaise andor mustard, baby greens and mushrooms.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 small red onion, shredded and squeezed dry about 12 cup, 13 cup chopped walnuts, 1 small carrot, finely diced, 1 cup plain or wholewheat breadcrumbs, 2 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire or soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups assorted mushrooms, sliced, 4 English muffins, split and toasted, Mayonnaise andor mustard, for garnish, Baby spinach or arugula, for garnish], title: Veggie Burgers with Mushrooms, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 29710: {instructions: For the shrimp: Soak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes. Skewer the lemons and limes with 2 to 3 large shrimp on each stick. Brush with oil so they dont stick to the grill. Either sear on a hot BBQ or under the broiler until shrimp is cooked, about 5 to 7 minutes.nFor the chili dip: In a small bowl mix the honey, mustard, and crushed red pepper flakes. Brush over cooked kebabs and serve., ingredients: [Wooden skewers, 3 limes, cut into 8 wedges, 3 lemons, cut into 8 wedges, 18 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Olive oil, for brushing, 2 tablespoons clear honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes], title: Honey and Mustard Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 29711: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the grits: In a large pot over medium heat, cook the bacon and onions until the bacon is chewy and the onions are translucent, about 1 minute. Pour in the grits and add the chicken broth. Stir together and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, for 30 to 40 minutes. Add the cream and cayenne, stirring them into the grits. Cover the pot and keep cooking over very low heat, stirring occasionally to keep them from sticking, until the grits are tender but still have a bite to them, another 20 to 30 minutes.nJust before serving, stir in the cheese. Add salt and pepper to taste.nFor the pork chops: Melt the butter with the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the pork chops on both sides with salt and pepper. Add the pork chops to the skillet and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Theyll finish cooking in the skillet later. Remove the pork chops to a plate.nPut the skillet back on the heat, add the Applesauce and pour in the wine and vinegar. Cook until the liquid reduces by half, about 5 minutes. Pour in the maple syrup, stir it in and allow it to come to a bubble. Add the pork chops to the skillet, reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for another 20 minutes.nTo serve, spoon a generous helping of grits onto a plate. Lay a pork chop on top of the grits, and then spoon the apples over the top. Be sure to get a little extra pan sauce onto the plate.nThrow the apples, apple juice and lemon juice into a pan and bring it to the boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the apples are soft, about 15 minutes. Stir through the sugar and mix until melted. Add the cinnamon and stir through.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, blender or food mill. If not using right away, leave to cool and then refrigerate., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 cups stoneground grits the coarser the better, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups heavy cream, Dash of cayenne, or to taste, 1 12 cups grated Monterey Jack or other cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Six 12inchthick boneless pork chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Applesauce, recipe follows, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 34 cup pure maple syrup, 6 pounds mixed apple varieties Gala, Honeycrisp, Golden Delicious, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, 1 cup apple juice or water, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Pork Chops with Applesauce and Grits, picturelink: MK5IVurihn0jx.8qiAOjEqfb82gWYma}, 29712: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the vinaigrette: In a medium bowl, combine the lemon juice, shallots, and garlic. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to form an emulsion. Add the chopped herbs. Stir in the diced tomatoes and Sweet 100s and mix well. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: On a round platter, arrange the sliced tomatoes in concentric circles, slightly overlapping the slices and alternating colors if using both red and yellow tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon the tomatoes from the vinaigrette over the sliced tomatoes, leaving some of the vinaigrette in the bowl. Toss the arugula in the bowl with the remaining vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange the arugula in the middle of the platter. Using a vegetable peeler, shave thin slices of Parmesan over the tomatoes and arugula. Pass freshly ground black pepper. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 cups red andor yellow tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice about 2 to 3 tomatoes, 5 ounces Sweet 100 tomatoes, cut u00bd, 1 cup, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 10 large red andor yellow tomatoes, about 8 ounces each, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces about 6 cups fresh baby arugula, 2 ounce chunk Parmesan], title: Tomato Carpaccio with Arugula and Herb Salad, picturelink: R49gT.x6wyuyOQMMiPoYwvrLOa9.xC}, 29713: {instructions: Sprinkle the yeast in the water in a small bowl and sprinkle with the sugar. Let it stand for a moment, then stir to dissolve the yeast. Set aside in a warm place. In the meantime melt the butter and cool. Place the raisins in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil. Allow them to boil for a minute and then turn off the heat. Let them stand for 5 minutes and drain. Pat them dry with paper towels and mix them with 1 tablespoon of flour. Place the rest of the flour in a large bowl, stir in the salt, cinnamon, cloves, and ginger, make a well in the middle and pour in the yeast. Stir from the middle and slowly add the melted butter and the milk. The dough should be very thick and hard to stir. Then add raisins, apples, and almonds and combine thoroughly. Allow this batter to rise for about 1 hour. When doubled in bulk, stir down the dough. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Scoop out a heaping tablespoon of dough and push it off the spoon with the aid of another spoon and let it carefully drop into the hot oil. They should be at least 2inches in diameter. Fry the oliekoecken for about 5 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. The original recipe does not tell us to sprinkle or roll them in the sugar. They are very good plain, but if you prefer you can dust them with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [3 packages dry yeast, 12 cup warm 105115 degrees water and a pinch of sugar for the yeast, 8 tablespoons butter, 1 34 cups raisins, 4 cups flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon cloves, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 12 cups milk, 3 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled and cut into small slivers, 1 cup whole almonds without brown skins, Oil, for deepfrying], title: OlieKoecken, picturelink: null}, 29714: {}, 29715: {instructions: Pulse the olive mixture in a food processor until roughly chopped. Cut the bread in half lengthwise, scoop out some of the bread from the top and bottom of the loaf and then spread both sides with the olive mixture. On the bottom half of the bread, evenly distribute half the cheese, all of the mortadella, all of the salami and the remaining half of the cheese and place the top of the bread back on. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and place a heavy pan on top with a brick on top of that. Let sit for 3 hours. Cut into 4 wedges and serve.nWhat to toss in if you have it: You can always add another cheese to this. Why not try mozzarellanBYOC: You can add heat by choosing a spicy marinated olive., ingredients: [12 pound pitted olive mix in oil, from olive bar, 1 loaf Italian semolina bread, preferably round, 14 pound provolone cheese, thinly sliced, 13 pound imported mortadella, thinly sliced, 14 pound salami, thinly sliced], title: Muffaletta, picturelink: null}, 29716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the beans in a saucepan, with cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, remove from the heat. Let stand 1 hour, then drain.nIn a Dutch oven over medium heat, add 3 tablespoons of the olive oil. Add prosciutto, cook, turning occasionally to allow to all sides to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Add halved onion, carrot, celery and sage to the pot, and add with beans. Add the water and stir well. Simmer gently, uncovered, until beans are tender, about 1 12 hours. Season with salt. Remove from the heat, and let cool in the liquid.nIn another large pot, heat remaining 3 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat, then add the fennel, chopped onion, garlic, and a pinch of salt. Cook until vegetables are softened but not colored, about 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the onion, celery, and carrot from the bean mixture and discard. Remove the prosciutto, dice, and set aside. Drain the beans and reserve the liquid.nAdd the fennel seeds to the onions, fennel and garlic. Add mixed greens and toss until they wilt evenly adjusting the heat to keep vegetables from burning. Stir in the prosciutto. Add the beans, the reserved liquid, tomatoes, potatoes, zucchini, green beans, and jalapenos. Simmer gently until potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Add fennel fronds, if using, and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the jalapenos to a small bowl and discard the stems. Mash with a fork, adding a little broth and potato from the pot to make a thick puree.nServe soup, passing the jalapeno condiment on the side., ingredients: [1 14 cups dried cannellini beans, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 4ounce chunk prosciutto, 1 medium onion, peeled and halved, 2 carrots, peeled and halved, 1 large rib celery, halved crosswise, 2 fresh sage leaves, 3 quarts water, Gray salt, 2 bulbs fennel, diced, 2 cups chopped yellow onion, 3 cloves garlic, chopped about 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon toasted and ground fennel seed, or more if not using fennel greens, 4 quarts lightly packed and roughly handtorn greens, such as chard, collards, mustard greens, spinach and cabbage, 23 cup pureed tomatoes, 3 russet potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 cups diced zucchini, 1 cup diced green beans, 3 jalapeno peppers, 12 to 1 cup minced fennel fronds, if available, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Menisha, picturelink: Vnp.G37eBN.BK1mxaMlsz8RPoX7wvna}, 29717: {instructions: Bring large saucepot of water to a boil. Season with salt. Add 12 pound soba noodles and cook al dente, about 8 minutes.nStir together ginger and curry and season with salt and pepper. Pat spice mixture on to flesh sides of salmon. Heat oil in a nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook salmon, skin sides down, covered, 5 minutes. Chop scallions. Set aside. Turn salmon over and cook, covered, until just cooked through, about 2 minutes more.nAdd scallions to skillet with salmon and cook 30 seconds., ingredients: [12 pound soba noodles, 4 teaspoons peeled minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons curry powder, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 6ounce pieces centercut salmon fillet with skin, patted dry, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 scallions], title: PanRoasted Salmon with Ginger and Curry, picturelink: null}, 29718: {instructions: Toast chiles, cover with boiling water in a deep bowl, and set aside for 20 minutes. Grind cumin, cloves, allspice, and oregano in coffee grinder. Drain soaked chiles, puree in blender the chiles, ground spices, thyme, garlic, onion, vinegar, and 12 cup of water. Process until smooth Push mixture through a sieve, season goat with salt and pepper. Rub paste all over the meat. Arrange in a bowl and allow to marinate for 4 hours, refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a deep roaster pan scatter half of the avocado leaves on the bottom, place meat on top of the avocado leaves and scatter the remaining leaves over the meat. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil. Cook the goat 6 to 7 hours until meat is falling off the bone. If using lamb shoulder cook for 4 hours., ingredients: [4 guijillo chiles, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 10 allspice berries, 13 cup Mexican oregano, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 garlic cloves, 1 Spanish onion, roughly chopped, 13 cup cider vinegar, 1 12pound goat, quartered or 1 6 to 8pound lamb shoulder, Salt and pepper, 1 2pound package dried avocado leaves], title: BBQ Goat or Lamb: Barbacoa de Cordero, picturelink: null}, 29719: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine yeast, honey and warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Let sit for 5 or 6 minutes, or until mixture begins to foam. While yeast mixture is sitting, combine wholewheat flour, all purpose flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a bowl and whisk to combine. Add flour mixture and oil to yeast mixture and mix on low speed until just incorporated and dough begins to form. Switch to dough hook and mix on low to medium speed for 2 to 3 minutes, or until dough is smooth but still pliable. If the dough is very sticky, add allpurpose flour, by the tablespoon, as necessary.nRemove the dough from the bowl and roll into a long log. Cut log into 16 pieces and roll each piece into a 10 by 1inch tube. Spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Twist each dough stick several times and arrange sticks on cookie sheets, about 1 to 1 12 inches apart. In a small bowl beat the egg with water and brush on dough. Combine 1 tablespoon salt with sesame seeds and sprinkle evenly among dough pieces. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes, or until a golden crust has formed but pretzels are still soft inside. Remove from oven and cool completely., ingredients: [1 packet instant yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups warm water, 2 14 cups wholewheat flour, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more, if necessary, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon water, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: Honey WholeWheat Pretzel Sticks, picturelink: null}, 29720: {instructions: For the chicken and marinade: Cut each chicken thigh into bitesize pieces, approximately 1 12 by 1 12 inches.nIn a large resealable plastic bag, combine the fennel, mustard, salt and black pepper. Add the chicken and massage the bag so the chicken is thoroughly coated in the spices. Add the buttermilk and onions, and massage the bag again to mix the ingredients. Marinate the chicken in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nFor the breading: Set up a breading station by lining up 3 small baking dishes or pie plates. In one dish, add the flour. In the second, whisk the eggs with 3 tablespoons water. In the third, mix together the panko, fennel, paprika, salt and black pepper.nA few pieces at a time, remove the chicken from the marinade and let the excess drip off before dredging in the flour. Shake off the excess flour and then dunk the chicken in the egg wash, letting the excess drip off. Finally, dredge in the panko mixture, making sure the chicken pieces are completely coated.nPlace the breaded chicken on a wire rack set over a baking sheet and refrigerate, uncovered, for 15 to 20 minutes.nFill a large, heavy skillet with about an inch of canola oil and heat to 350 degrees F over medium heat.nIn batches, fry the chicken in the oil until golden brown all over, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a papertowellined baking sheet., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs, 2 teaspoons ground fennel seed, 2 teaspoons ground mustard seed, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 small onion, sliced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons ground fennel seed, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying], title: Culver Crest Popcorn Chicken, picturelink: 7vPur44XNcC74KPc8QH7cY5tlM47u26}, 29721: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGenerously season the chicken, on the outside and inside of the cavity, with salt and pepper, to taste. With your fingers, put some of the lime zest under the skin of the chicken. Sprinkle the lime juice over the chicken and put the halves into the cavity. Put the chicken in a roasting pan, breast side up, and add 14 cup of water to the bottom of the pan. Roast the chicken until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, when inserted in the thickest part of the thigh.nRemove the chicken from the oven to a carving board, let sit until cool enough to handle.nIn a small bowl, combine the crema, minced chipotles, remaining lime zest, and salt and pepper, to taste.nOnce the chicken has cooled, pull the meat from bones and shred.nPut some of the shredded chicken on each tortilla, top with chipotle crema and garnish with some zest from the remaining lime. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 bonein, skinon whole chicken, rinsed and dried, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 lime, zested and juiced lime halves reserved, plus 1 lime, zested, 14 cup water, 1 cup crema, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, finely minced into a paste, 8 6inch corn tortillas, warmed], title: ChipotleLime Chicken Tacos, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 29722: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Oil 6 individual cake tins each about 4 12 inches in diameter and dust with flour.nIn the large bowl of an electric mixer, combine flour sugar and salt, mixing evenly. Cream in butter at low speed, until evenly combined. Then add eggs and egg yolks and melted chocolate until well combined. Increase speed to high and beat for 2 minutes.nFill each cake tin half full then place 3 cherry kisses in the center of the surface of the poured batter. Then cover the kisses with the remaining batter to a level of 23s full.nBake until the surface of the cake springs back when touched, approximately 35 minutes.nMake the topping while the cake is in the oven. Mix the sour cream, lime juice, and the Kirsch in a small mixing bowl. Sift in the confectioners sugar gradually, mixing after each addition to keep smooth.nRemove cake from oven and let cool in pans for 10 minutes. Then remove from pans to serving dish and top with sour creamsugar topping mixture spooned in a quenelle shape, a teaspoon of raspberry sauce, and a raspberry paired with a mint leaf. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, slightly softened, 6 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup melted semisweet chocolate pieces, 18 cherry kisses or cherry cordial cremes to be placed inside the chocolate cake, 1 cup sour cream, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon Kirsch, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 6 teaspoons raspberry sauce the kind used for ice cream, 6 fresh raspberries, 6 mint leaves], title: Warm Chocolate Gateaux Topped with Sour Cream Quenelle and Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: EHe3ZBVwqyfYaaUdxDoZjwx7gXRPORG}, 29723: {instructions: In a bowl stir together 1 cup Gruyere, the sour cream, the mustard, and the kirsh and spread 1 tablespoon of the mixture evenly over each bread slice. Arrange the ham on 4 of the bread slices and top it with the remaining bread slices, spread side down. Remove the crusts with a sharp knife and spread the tops of the sandwiches lightly with 2 tablespoons of the butter. Invert the sandwiches into a large skillet, spread the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, and grill the sandwiches over moderately high heat, turning them once, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until they are golden brown on both sides. Transfer the sandwiches with a metal spatula to a baking sheet, sprinkling them with the remaining 2 tablespoons Gruyere, and broil them under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the Gruyere is just melted., ingredients: [1 cup finely grated Gruyere plus 2 tablespoons for sprinkling the sandwiches, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 34 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, 34 teaspoon kirsch, 8 slices homemadetype white bread, 4 thin slices of cooked ham, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened], title: CroquesMonsieur, picturelink: null}, 29724: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with parchment paper.nAdd the cream cheese and 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar to a bowl and beat together with a hand mixer until light and spreadable.nIn a large bowl, toss together the remaining 12 cup granulated sugar, the strawberries, flour, cornstarch, vanilla extract and salt, and set aside for later use.nLightly dust your work surface with flour. Unroll the puff pastry and roll it out to an 11by17inch rectangle almost the size of a half sheet tray. Place on the prepared sheet tray and spread the cream cheese down the center of the puff pastry using first a rubber spatula, and then your fingers to evenly spread it out. Spoon the strawberries on top of the cream cheese. Use a knife to cut 1 12inch slits on both sides of the filling, coming within 12inch of the filling. Alternately fold each strip of dough over each other to create a braid. Tuck in the ends and brush the top of the tart with egg wash and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Bake until puffed and golden, 25 to 30 minutes.nCool for 25 minutes before serving. Dust with confectioners sugar to garnish and slice to serve., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 12 pounds strawberries, hulled and quartered, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed half of a 17.3ounce package, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Rustic Braided Strawberry Tart, picturelink: 0oKK4AMn9HMMxCUJ6jR5p5aa0deP4lm}, 29725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Set aside.nSauce: In a 2quart saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth. Gradually add the warm milk, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 8 minutes do not allow the mixture to boil. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cheeses and nutmeg. Stir until the cheeses have melted and the sauce is smooth. Add the prosciutto, 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper.nFilling: In a large skillet, heat the oil and butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook, stirring frequently until soft, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms, rosemary and thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are golden and the liquid has evaporated, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the noodles and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.nTo assemble the lasagna: Ladle 12 cup of the sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Lay 3 pasta noodles on top. Spoon 12 of the mushroom mixture on top of the pasta. Ladle 1 cup of the sauce over the mushroom mixture and lay 3 more noodles on top. Repeat the layers using the remaining mushroom mixture, 1 cup of sauce and the remaining 3 noodles. Top with the remaining sauce and sprinkle with 1 cup smoked mozzarella cheese and 12 cup Parmesan. Drizzle the top with olive oil and bake until the top is golden and the filling is bubbling about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 5 minutes. Cut the lasagna into wedges and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the baking dish, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups warm whole milk, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded smoked mozzarella cheese, 12 cup 2 ounces grated Parmesan, Pinch ground nutmeg, 8 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra, as needed, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more, as needed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra, as needed, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds assorted mushrooms, such as cremini, shiitake and button, quartered, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 9 spinachflavored or plain lasagna noodles, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded smoked mozzarella cheese, 12 cup 2 ounces grated Parmesan, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Meaty Mushroom Lasagna, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 29726: {instructions: For the batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a cupcake pan with 24 paper liners. In a medium bowl, combine the selfrising flour and the allpurpose flour. In a large bowl, cream the granulated sugar, butter, milk and vanilla extract. Add the eggs, incrementally alternating with the flour mixture.nFor the Mexican honey nut syrup: Combine the honey, butter, cinnamon and nutmeg in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and let simmer for 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the almonds, if desired, and mix well. Return to the heat and add the can of peaches and simmer for 5 more minutes.nFor the streusel layer: Combine the brown sugar, granulated sugar, butter and cinnamon in small mixing bowl.nTo assemble: First pour the batter into the prepared cupcake pan, then add the peaches, about 1 slice per cupcake, then top with more batter. Lastly, sprinkle with the brown streusel layer. Bake at 350 degrees for 18 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool before frosting with the Cool Whip frosting, and top with the Bunuelo garnish.nBlend the heavy whipping cream for 3 minutes. Slowly add the confectioners sugar until incorporated. Then blend in the vanilla extract last.nHeat the oil over medium heat in a large saucepan. Mix the granulated and brown sugar together. Cut any desired shape in the raw flour tortillas. Then fry the tortillas until they are crispy. Sprinkle on the sugar mixture while still hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 1 cup honey, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup almonds, finely chopped, optional, One 29ounce can peaches in heavy syrup, drained, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 to 2 teaspoons cinnamon, Cool Whip Frosting, recipe follows, Bunuelo Garnish, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups vegetable oil, 3 cups brown sugar, 3 cups granulated sugar, 6 raw flour tortillas], title: Peach Cobbler, Miel De Nuez, Brown Streusel Cupcakes, picturelink: XGZc4LHBCZxS4VpxHi.RaqyBS8eNCa.}, 29727: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace ham in a roasting pan and pour about 34 cup water into the bottom of pan. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour and 40 minutes or until heated through, soft and tender.nMake the glaze:nWhisk all ingredients together in a saucepan until smooth and heat over mediumlow to medium heat until simmering. Simmer for 2 minutes and remove from heat.nWhen ham is heated through, remove the aluminum foil, and pour or brush the glaze over the top to cover completely. Raise oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nReturn the ham to the oven and cook, uncovered, for 20 minutes or until glaze is caramelized and bubbly. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with desired fixings., ingredients: [1 9pound store bought bonein spiral ham, 34 cup water, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons wholegrain Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pumpernickel bread, Assorted mustards, Pickled shallots, Cornichons, Assorted cheeses], title: Dijon Maple Glazed Spiral Ham, picturelink: DDz6qTNL.lL2rfdsjzEdA8bSpT45WS}, 29728: {instructions: Cut the passion fruits into halves. Spoon the pulp seeds and all into a food processor container or blender.nAdd the mangos. Process until pureed. Strain out the seeds. Taste the mixture and add sugar if desired.nFreeze the mixture in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions., ingredients: [4 ripe, wrinkled passion fruits, 3 medium ripe mangos, or large ripe peaches, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, or, to taste], title: Passion Fruit and Mango Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 29729: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 2quart baking dish. Make the filling: Toss the blackberries, sugar, maple syrup and vanilla in a medium bowl. If the berries are juicy, toss with the flour. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.nMake the topping: Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Using your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture until it looks like fine meal set aside.nWhisk the egg, buttermilk and vanilla in a small bowl stir into the flour mixture until just incorporated. Drop heaping spoonfuls of the batter evenly over the berries and sprinkle with sugar.nSet the dish on a baking sheet and bake until the topping is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 40 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 6 cups blackberries, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 to 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, For the topping:, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 12 cup buttermilk], title: BlackberryMaple Cobbler, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 29730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nDivide the wonton wrappers between the baking sheets and spread in a single layer. Bake until lightly golden, flipping halfway through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, mix together the cream cheese, soy sauce, vinegar and garlic until thoroughly combined. Whisk in up to 14 cup warm water to achieve a pourable consistency.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together the sweet chile sauce and sambal oelek over low heat until warmed through and thoroughly combined.nArrange the wonton wrappers on a platter. Pour the cream cheese mixture evenly over the chips. Drizzle the warm sweet chile sauce over the nachos and sprinkle with chunks of crab. Garnish with the scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [30 wonton wrappers, cut in half on the diagonal, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup sweet chile sauce, 2 tablespoons sambal oelek, 8 ounces crab meat or crab stick, picked over for shells, 1 bunch scallions, sliced on the bias], title: Crab Rangoon Nachos, picturelink: null}, 29731: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a work surface lay out 3 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing lightly with butter in between sheets. Cut stacked sheets into four squares. Place 1ounce of chocolate in the center of each square. Gather the four corners of the phyllo square up around the chocolate and twist together to form a purse. Repeat process for each square and then the remaining phyllo sheets and chocolate. Transfer the purses to a baking sheet. Brush purses with remaining butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown.nIn a blender combine the raspberries, liqueur, and water and process until smooth. Add additional water, if necessary, to achieve desired consistency. Pass the puree through a sieve to remove the seeds.nServe the phyllo purses warm with the raspberry puree., ingredients: [6 sheets phyllo dough, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups raspberries, 2 tablespoons framboise, raspberry or other liqueur, 2 tablespoons water], title: Chocolate Phyllo Purses, picturelink: null}, 29732: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Combine 12 cup olive oil, the parsley, cilantro, scallions, vinegar and garlic in a blender and pulse until combined. Add the red pepper flakes and season with salt. Pour half of the herb oil into a bowl set aside for serving.nToss the swordfish with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cumin and coriander in a bowl season with salt. Thread the swordfish, mushrooms and red onion onto eight 10inch skewers. Grill the kebabs until just marked, about 2 minutes per side, then continue cooking, turning and brushing with the remaining herb oil, until just cooked through, 5 to 6 more minutes. Drizzle with the reserved herb oil.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the grill, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 pounds centercut swordfish, skin removed, cut into 1to1 12inch pieces, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and halved or quartered if large, 1 red onion, quartered], title: Herbed Swordfish and Shiitake Kebabs, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 29733: {instructions: Add marinade ingredients to food processor and puree until almost smooth.nPierce the chicken with the tip of a knife to make many tiny holes. Rub marinade into chicken and refrigerate 24 to 48 hours, depending on desired intensity.nWhen ready to cook, prepare a slow and smokey charcoal fire. Remove chicken from marinade. Transfer the marinade to a small saucepan. Brush chicken with oil and grill over low heat until done, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 2 small onions, coarsely chopped, 3 scallions, coarsely chopped, 2 green scotch bonnet peppers, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 teaspoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons Meyers rum, 1 tablespoon tamarind concentrate, 2 whole chickens, each 3 to 4 pounds, 4 tablespoons olive oil], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: null}, 29734: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil the potatoes in their skins for 20 minutes, drain and leave to cool. Peel them. Using a cheese grater, grate them into a large mixing bowl and sprinkle with salt.nIn a frying pan saute the bacon and onions. Strip the leaves off the sprigs of thyme into the pan. Add mushrooms and cook for about 5 minutes until soft. Combine with the potatoes and mix gently, taking care not to mash them too much.nHeat oil in a frying pan and add 3 or 4 spoonfuls of the mixture, See cooks note. Using a spatula, pat the mixture into a round flat cake. Brown it over a high heat. When the bottom side is cooked flip it over. Repeat with remaining potatoes to make 6 cakes.nPut 12 tablespoon of butter and a slice of Gruyere on each cake and melt under a hot grill or broiler. Turn the Rosti onto a plate and serve with a green salad, if desired., ingredients: [6 large baking potatoes, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 12 ounces smoked bacon, thinly sliced vertically, 3 12 ounces onion, diced, 1 sprig thyme, 3 12 ounces mushrooms, diced, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 ounces butter, 6 slices Gruyere, Serving suggestion: green salad.], title: Rosti with Bacon, Mushrooms and Onions, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 29735: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer running on low, add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and mix well.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In three parts, alternately add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the batter, beginning and ending with the dry. Mix until just combined. Fold in 7 ounces of coconut.nLine a muffin pan with paper liners. Fill each cup to the top with batter. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until the tops are brown and a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Remove to a baking rack and cool completely. Frost with Cream Cheese Icing and sprinkle with the remaining coconut.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, blend together the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla and almond extracts. Add the confectioners sugar and mix until smooth., ingredients: [34 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 5 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons pure almond extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 ounces sweetened, shredded coconut, Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, 1 pound cream cheese at room temperature, 34 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 12 pounds confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Coconut Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 29736: {instructions: Combine corn, cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, and scallions in salad bowl. In a separate bowl, blend sour cream with salt, pepper, vinegar, oil and chopped cilantro. Add sour cream mixture to corn and toss gently to coat. Chill and serve in large bowl, family style., ingredients: [2 cups fresh or frozen whole kernel corn, 34 cup cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 cup diced red onion, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 6 scallions, chopped into 14inch segments, 3 tablespoons sour cream, Salt and pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup salad oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Corn Salad, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 29737: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay 4 bacon slices on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels let cool completely.nMake the bacon salt see below. Store extra in an airtight container in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks, or freeze up to 2 months.nPut the potatoes and the remaining 2 bacon slices in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes. Drain, discarding the bacon slices.nCombine the butter with the milk in the same pot and let melt over mediumlow heat. Return the potatoes to the pot and mash them with a potato masher or fork. Add 1 tablespoon of the prepared bacon salt and stir to combine transfer the potatoes to a bowl and top with more bacon salt.nHow to make Bacon Salt:nPulse the cooked bacon in a food processor until finely ground. Spread on paper towels and blot the excess grease.nCombine the bacon and salt in a small bowl and rub between your fingers until incorporated.nPhoto by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 slices thickcut bacon, 14 cup kosher salt, 3 pounds redskinned potatoes, quartered, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup whole milk], title: Smashed Potatoes with Bacon Salt, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 29738: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cinnamon, ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, honey, oil, maple syrup, water, and vanilla together. Add in the oats, pecans, rice cereal, and wheat germ. Toss to coat completely.nSpread the granola out on a baking sheet lined with parchment and bake until dry and crisp, but not yet browned, 30 to 35 minutes, stirring once or twice. Allow to cool completely before storing in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups whole oats not instant, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup crisped rice cereal, 14 cup wheat germ or milled flax seed], title: Simple Homemade Granola, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 29739: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and shallots and cook, stirring until softened but not browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add shrimp, artichoke hearts, wine, and lemon juice and cook until the shrimp are cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley, salt and pepper. Divide among 4 plates, garnish with additional parsley, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large cloves garlic, minced about 4 teaspoons, 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced about 13 cup, 1 14 pounds large shrimp about 20, peeled and deveined, 1 11ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, or 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, rinsed, drained, and quartered, 13 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp Scampi with Artichokes, picturelink: x0kjcfHitKAlno1xnBy1vEf63MnaFka}, 29740: {instructions: Toss all ingredients together and season with salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 roasted red and yellow bell peppers, peeled, seeded and sliced, 2 roasted poblano peppers, peeled, seeded and sliced, 4 plum tomatoes, skin charred and chopped, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 1 lime, Salt], title: Rajas Salsa, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 29741: {instructions: Pour Kaluha over ice. Top with Tequila. Stirring and garnish are optional. Drink should appear as 2 layers.nChill martini glass with ice water. Swirl around Pernod to coat glass and discard any excess. In an ice filled shaker, add bourbon and bitters and stir. Strain into Pernod coated martini glass and garnish with a lemon twist.nPour ingredients into an ice filled shaker, shake, strain into salt rimmed glass and garnish with an orange wedge., ingredients: [1ounce Kaluha, 2 ounces Tequila, Lemon twist, for garnish, optional, 1 teaspoon Pernod, 2 12 ounces Bourbon, 3 dashes bitters, Lemon twist, for garnish, 1 dash Grenadine, 1 12 ounces Tequila, 12ounce lime juice, 1ounce pineapple juice, Salt, Orange wedge, for garnish], title: Gulf Rim Drinks, picturelink: null}, 29742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degree F. Spread vegetable sticks in single layer on nonstick baking sheet. Sprinkle vegetables with olive oil. Toss until well coated.nBake, tossing vegetables frequently, 1 to 1 12 hours or until crisp and golden, ingredients: [1 pound each carrots and parsnips, peeled and cut into 3 x 14 x 14inch sticks, 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Party Parsnips and Carrots, picturelink: zpshsJ8IiC9tkUITFEVuik47vau6y}, 29743: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef chuck and cook until browned, about 7 minutes. Season with the salt and pepper. Add the olives, raisins, carrots and onions and saute for just a couple minutes until softened. Add the tomato puree and simmer for 10 minutes. Turn the heat off and cool to room temperature before filling the empanadas.nGrease a large baking sheet with some nonstick cooking spray. Unfold one sheet of puff pastry onto a lightly floured surface. Using a floured rolling pin, roll the pastry out to a 14 to 18inch thickness. With a knife, cut out 4 equal squares measuring 4 12by5 12inches. Add 2 tablespoons of the cooled beef mixture to the center of the square. Brush the edge of each square with some egg wash and fold to shape into triangles. Crimp the edges with a fork. Transfer the empanadas to the prepared baking sheet and brush them with the remaining egg wash. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces ground beef chuck, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup drained green pitted olives, chopped, 12 cup raisins, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 12 white onion, finely chopped, 1 cup canned tomato puree or sauce, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, One 1pound package frozen puff pastry, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 large eggs, beaten with 1 tablespoon water], title: Ground Beef Empanadas Picadillo, picturelink: xHgpbyU6tbFyTULOEaIrA3iMid41mqi}, 29744: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust, put the flour and 14 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Cut 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks of the butter into large dice, add to the bowl, and pulse until the butter is the size of peas. With the machine running, add the ice water all at once and process until the dough becomes crumbly. Dont overprocess. Dump the dough out on a floured board, gather it loosely into a ball, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough on a wellfloured board and fit it into a 9inch tart pan with a removable sides, rolling the pin over the top to cut off the excess dough. Butter 1 side of a square of aluminum foil and fit it, butter side down, into the tart pan. Fill the foil with rice or beans. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the beans and foil from the tart shell, prick the bottom all over with a fork, and bake for another 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining tablespoon of butter in a small pan and saute the shallots over low heat for 5 minutes, or until tender. Place the goat cheese in the bowl of the food processor and process until crumbly. Add the cream, eggs, basil, 14 teaspoon salt, and the pepper and process until blended.nScatter the cooked shallots over the bottom of the tart shell. Pour the goat cheese mixture over the shallots to fill the shell if the shell has shrunk, there may be leftover filling. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until the tart is firm when shaken and the top is lightly browned. Allow to cool for 10 minutes and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the board, Kosher salt, 13 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, divided, 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 34 cup chopped shallots 3 to 4 shallots, 10 12 ounces garlicandherb soft goat cheese recommended: Montrachet}, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 extralarge eggs, 14 cup chopped basil leaves, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Goat Cheese Tart, picturelink: null}, 29745: {}, 29746: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the chickpeas, garlic, lemon zest and juice, thyme, salt and pepper and hot sauce in food processor. Turn processor on and stream in the extravirgin olive oil. Transfer the dip to a dish and surround with veggies and chips. Thatll keep the munching going on until dinner, ingredients: [1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained, 1 clove garlic, cracked from skin, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme leaves, stripped from stems, Coarse salt and pepper, A few drops hot sauce, to taste, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 4 ribs celery from the heart cut into dipping sticks, 4 inches long, 12 seedless cucumber, cut into sticks, 1 red bell pepper, trimmed and cut into sticks, 12 pint grape tomatoes, 1 sack reduced fat gourmet chips recommended: Terra brand Garlic and Onion Yukon Gold flavor potato chips 50 percent less fat than regular chips], title: LemonGarlic Chickpea Dip with Veggies and Chips, picturelink: F4pWZzY91TkAvdv.zlBmaQFAOl1CVAO}, 29747: {instructions: Special equipment: four 10ounce ramekins, optionalnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray four 10ounce ramekins or an 8by8inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nMix the lentil soup with the parsley and a few dashes of hot sauce. Spoon the mixture into the ramekins.nIn a bowl, combine the cornbread mix with the Parmesan, milk, rosemary and egg. Spoon the batter on top of the lentils. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes, depending on the size of the ramekins or baking dish., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing ramekins, 2 cans lentil soup, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Few dashes hot sauce, 1 package cornbread mix, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 egg], title: Rosemary Cornbread Lentil Pot Pie, picturelink: lg3wHdHnaIA38A4ke8I44cwtygXFa}, 29748: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 rubber glove powderfree 1 3gallon plastic soda bottle with the bottom cut off and a small hole drilled in the cap 1 rubber band 1 14inch dowel, about 16 inches longnPour the sugar and water into a saucepan and put it over medium heat. Add the herb of choice and stir until the sugar is completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool. When cool, remove the herb and refrigerate.nFirst fill the rubber glove with water to make sure there are no leaks. Empty the water out and place the glove into the soda bottle with the wrist draped over the small opening. Secure it with the rubber band. Fill the glove with the cooled herbsugar liquid. Screw on the cap and carefully insert the dowel getting it almost all the way down the middle finger. Place the whole thing in the freezer and freeze overnight.nWhen ready to serve, remove from the freezer and push the hand out of the bottle. Peel off the glove and eat., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 2 sprigs rosemary, or 1 bunch thyme, or 1 bunch mint], title: Herbsicles, picturelink: BPQz1sVnc33JiLgT90PSR48gcqIOri}, 29749: {instructions: Toss the rutabagas into a large pot and cover generously with water. Season the water generously with salt.nBring the water to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer for 45 minutes. Toss in the potatoes and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, another 20 minutes.nStrain the rutabagas and potatoes from the water and pass through a food mill into a large bowl.nIn a small saucepot, bring the cream to a boil and turn off.nTake 1 to 2 pats of butter and a splash of hot cream and whip them into the potato mixture. Continue this until all the butter and cream are incorporated. Taste and reseason with salt if needed. Serve immediately or keep warm in a low oven., ingredients: [1 large rutabaga, waxy skin removed and cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 4 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 stick cold butter, cut into 5 to 6 pats], title: Mashed Rutabaga and Yukon Gold Potatoes, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 29750: {instructions: Place rack in center of oven and heat to 350 degrees F.nButter a 11 by 17inch jelly roll pan or 12 by 17 12inch sheet pan and line with parchment.nHeat 1 cup cream to a simmer in a small saucepan. Add chocolate, reduce heat and whisk until chocolate is melted. As soon as mixture is a uniform dark color, remove from heat and let cool for a few minutes.nWhip egg whites and 2 tablespoons sugar to stiff glossy peaks, about 1 12 minutes. Whisk 13 of egg whites into chocolate mixture. Pour this lightened mixture into egg whites and fold in gently, until smooth and well combined.nPour batter into prepared pan and spread it in an even layer with a rubber spatula. Bake until cake is set and puffy, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool to room temperature. Lift parchment to remove cake from pan and set it on work surface with long side facing edge of table. Using a fine mesh sieve, lightly dust with cocoa powder.nFor the creme Chantilly whip the remaining 1 cup cream with the remaining 1 12 tablespoons sugar, the vanilla, and Cognac. Spread evenly over entire surface of cake.nRoll the cake lengthwise, starting at a point 2 to 3 inches over the creme Chantilly. Roll cake another few inches, pressing against parchment to make a tight spiral. Gently peel parchment off as cake layer rolls away. Complete the roll keeping it just on far edge of parchment. Cover roll by tucking loose parchment around and underneath so the cylinder is well wrapped and can be moved easily. Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nWhen ready to serve, transfer roulade to serving platter. Remove parchment, gently rolling cake into center of platter, with seam on bottom. If roll has slumped or twisted, lay a piece of plastic over top and sides and reshape with hands. With a sharp knife, trim both ends of roll crosswise, or on a diagonal. Dust top with confectioners sugar and cocoa garnish with seasonal fruit. To serve, cut the roll into 1inchthick slices and lay flat on dessert plates, top with additional creme Chantilly if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 7 egg whites, room temperature, 3 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, About 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon Cognac, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Cocoa powder, for garnish, Seasonal fruit, for garnish], title: Chocolate Roulade, picturelink: null}, 29751: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, and salt. Mix well. Add the shortening and mix until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the water and let sit 1 minute. Either using a fork or your hands, carefully press the mixture together to form a soft ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place it on a lightly floured surface. Roll out the dough on the floured surface into a circle about 12 inches in diameter and 18 of an inch thick. Gently fold the circle of dough in half and then in half again so that you can lift it without tearing it, and unfold into a 9inch by 2inch deepdish pie pan. Crimp the edges and place in the oven. Bake until golden, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely.nIn a saucepan, combine the chocolate, 1 cup sugar, cornstarch and salt. Mix well. Stir in the milk. Place the pan over medium heat and bring the mixture to a gentle boil, stirring occasionally. Cook for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Beat the egg yolks. Add 12 cup of the hot mixture to the egg yolks and mix well. Add the mixture back to the saucepan and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and butter. Pour the filling into the prepared pie shell and cool completely. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until chilled.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBeat the egg whites, on medium speed, until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining sugar and continue to beat until stiff peaks form. Spread the meringue evenly over the pie. Place in a preheated 350 degree oven, on the top rack and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove and cut into individual servings., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup solid vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 to 7 tablespoons ice cold water, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, Pinch salt, 3 cups milk, 3 eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Grannys Chocolate Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 29752: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf you like margaritas served in a glass with salt, rub the outside rims of 6glasses with a cut lime and dip each glass lightly into a plate of kosher salt.nCombine the lime juice, lemon juice, Triple Sec, tequila, and ice in a blender and puree. Place extra ice in a cocktail shaker. Fill with margarita mix, shake well, and strain into glasses., ingredients: [1 lime, halved, Kosher salt, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 5 limes, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 lemon, 1 cup Triple Sec, 1 cup white tequila, 2 cups ice, plus extra for serving], title: Real Margaritas, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 29753: {instructions: Pears: Place the pears, sugar, lemon juice, salt, and cinnamon in a large saute pan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the pears are soft and most of the liquid has evaporated, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool.nPecan Paste: In a food processor, finely grind the pecans and granulated sugar. Place the pecan mixture in a small bowl and add the water, orange zest, and salt. Mix just until combined.nPuff Pastry: On a lightly floured work surface, roll the piece of puff pastry into a 16inch square. Cut into 4 rectangles, each 4 inches wide by 16 inches long. With a fork, pierce small holes all over the pastry. Place the rectangles on two baking sheets. Freeze or refrigerate until firm.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees.nPlace a second baking sheet or an inverted wire mesh rack on top of the puff pastry to prevent it from rising as it bakes. Bake until golden brown, 1015 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nAssembly: Spread 13 of the pecan paste on one of the rectangles of puff pastry. Carefully layer 13 of the pears over the pecan paste. Layer two more pieces of pastry with the remaining pecan paste and pears in the same manner. Using a wide metal spatula, carefully stack these three pieces of pastry.nIn a small bowl mix together the sugar and the cinnamon. Dust the fourth piece of puff pastry with the cinnamon sugar and place it on top of the stacked layers of pastry.Using a serrated knife and a gentle sawing motion, trim the edges of the napoleon so that they are even. In the same manner, cut the napoleon into 8 pieces and serve a portion on each of 8 plates., ingredients: [6 pears, peeled, cored, and sliced 14 inch thick, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups 8 ounces pecans, toasted, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped orange zest, Pinch of salt, 1 pound Puff Pastry], title: Pear Pecan Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 29754: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 or 3 mini muffin trays for 36 muffins, mini muffin linersnPosition oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven, and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line 2 or 3 mini muffin trays with liners, and coat the liners generously with cooking spray.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni, and follow package directions for al dente. Drain the macaroni, and rinse in cold water until it is cool. Shake off any excess water.nPut the heavy cream, cream cheese, eggs, mustard, paprika and garlic in a large bowl. Beat on low speed with an electric mixer until combined the mixture may have small lumps. Add the cooked macaroni, Cheddar and Monterey Jack, and stir until combined.nDrop heaping tablespoonfuls of the macaroni mixture into the prepared muffin liners. Combine the breadcrumbs and butter with your fingers in a small bowl until the mixture is the texture of wet sand. Sprinkle the top of each macaroni mound with buttered breadcrumbs.nBake until the cheese is melted and the bites are golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool for at least 5 minutes before serving hot or at room temperature. Serve with hot sauce on the side if desired., ingredients: [Cooking spray, Kosher salt, 12 pound elbow macaroni, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 1 cup shredded mild Cheddar about 3 ounces, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese about 3 ounces, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, Hot sauce, for serving, optional], title: Kids Can Make: Mac n Cheese Bites, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 29755: {instructions: In a martini shaker filled with ice, combine the vodka, juice and simple syrup. Shake well and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a slice of pear.nIn a pot combine the sugar, water, and spices. Bring up to a simmer, stirring occasionally until all the sugar has dissolved. Pour the mixture thorough a strainer and discard the whole spices., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 12 cup pear infused vodka, 12 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons Spiced Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Pear slice, 2 cups packed brown sugar, 2 cups water, 3 cinnamon sticks, 2 tablespoons juniper berries, 2 tablespoons cloves, 5 whole star anise], title: Caramel Pear, picturelink: null}, 29756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a heavy skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. After it melts, continue to cook the butter, watching carefully. It will foam and subside, and then separate into golden butterfat and cloudy white milk solids. The milk solids will begin to brown. When they are lightly browned and the butter smells nutty and toasted, remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites and sugar until stiff and glossy. Add the flour, vanilla, and brown butter and mix at low speed until blended. The batter will become thicker as the egg whites lose volume.nUsing an offset spatula, an icing spatula, or the back of a spoon, spread the batter in circles to form thin disks on silicone baking matlined baking sheets. You may only fit 6 or 8 per pan. The batter should be so thin that you can see the pan through it.nBake until light golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. When the cookies come out of the oven, immediately lift them off the sheet pan with your fingers or a spatula and roll them up on a wooden spoon handle then slide them off.nRepeat with the remaining batter. The batter will probably start to stiffen up as the butter cools you can reheat it in the microwave, or set the bowl over hot water to keep the batter warm., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 egg whites, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Rolled Tuille Cookies, picturelink: null}, 29757: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan or grill to mediumhigh heat.nHolding the tip and stem of each asparagus spear, snap the asparagus where it will naturally break. Discard the ends. Toss the asparagus with oil and salt to taste. Grill the asparagus until slightly charred and pliable on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes for pencil or 5 to 7 minutes for standard. Remove to a platter and reserve at room temperature. Grill each slice of bread until crispy and slightly charred on both sides. Rub each piece of bread vigorously with the raw garlic clove. Reserve with the asparagus.nFill a bowl with cold tap water and the ice cubes. This will be the holding area for the eggs after they have been poached. Keep the bowl near the stove.nFill a medium saucepan twothirds of the way with water. Add the white vinegar and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat on the burner until the bubbles in the water have subsided. Gently crack and drop each egg into the water. Cook the eggs for 3 to 4 minutes. When done, the whites will be cooked through and the yolks will be warm but still liquid. Using a slotted spoon, remove the eggs from the saucepan and place in the bowl of cold water. Reserve.nTo assemble the salad: Toss the arugula with half of the lemon juice, a drizzle of olive oil and a pinch of salt. Gently toss the salad until coated with the lemon and olive oil. Add more lemon juice and oil if needed. TASTE IT The salad should be dressed and flavorful but not soggy. Divide the arugula among 4 individual plates. Arrange the asparagus on top of the arugula on each plate.nWhile dressing the salad, bring the saucepan of poaching water to a simmer. Gently return the eggs to the saucepan until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. When the eggs are hot, remove them from the pan with a slotted spoon and gently blot on a tea towel to remove any excess water. Immediately place 1 egg on top of the asparagus on each plate. Sprinkle each with some salt, Parmigiano and lemon zest. Drizzle each piece of grilled bread generously with olive oil and cut in half on the bias. Lean the toast halves against each egg.nVoila, ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus pencil or standard, Highquality extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 4 slices rustic Italian bread, 1 clove garlic, 4 to 5 ice cubes, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 large organic eggs, 2 cups baby washed arugula, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 lemon, zested], title: Grilled Asparagus with Poached Egg, Parmigiano and Lemon Zest, picturelink: AecOwbx5ydJ.UXbwO9zhhBE7XL7ONS}, 29758: {instructions: Preheat grill to high. Slice the tomatoes thickly, about 1 to 1 12 inches, pour some olive oil and some cracked pepper and salt on both sides. Place on grill for about 3 minutes on each side., ingredients: [5 whole tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Olive oil], title: Grilled Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 29759: {instructions: For the endive: In a medium skillet over medium heat, heat the olive oil. Add the sugar and endive quarters and brown for about 2 minutes. Next, add the piquillo peppers, garlic and red onions and cook about 3 more minutes. Deglaze with the vegetable broth and add the beans. Cook until the broth is slightly reduced, about 4 minutes. Smash some of the beans to further thicken the sauce. Keep warm.nFor the gremolata: Combine together the mint, parsley, lemon zest, garlic, red pepper flakes and some kosher salt in a small bowl. Add enough extravirgin olive oil to bind the mixture together, 1 to 2 tablespoons.nFor the fish: Sprinkle the halibut fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, add the canola oil and heat on high until there are small wisps of smoke coming from the sides of the pan. Add the fish to the pan and cook until golden, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook until firm but still translucent in the center, 4 more minutes.nSpoon some endive onto each plate and then a piece of halibut. Top with some of the gremolata., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 heads endive, quartered lengthwise, 14 cup piquillo peppers, drained and sliced into rings, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup lowsodium vegetable broth, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 1 small clove garlic, finely chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Four 6ounce halibut fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Halibut with Endive and Gremolata, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 29760: {instructions: Special equipment: two 12cup muffin tins cupcake linersnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin tins with paper liners.nIn a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, baking powder and salt set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula periodically, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition, followed by the sour cream and vanilla extract mix to combine.nTurn the speed down to low and add the flour mixture and milk in 3 additions, starting and ending with the flour. Use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups, filling each about twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool completely on wire racks, then decorate.nTo decorate: To make a cow, frost the cupcakes with white icing. Place 2 candy eyes in the center of the icing, then place a round gummy peach below the eyes. Use soft black licorice sticks to make ears and 2 jelly beans to make horns at the top of the head.nTo make a pig, frost the cupcakes with pink icing. Place 2 candy eyes in the center of the icing, then place a round gummy peach below the eyes. Cut a gummy peach into triangles and use 2 pink pieces for the ears.nTo make a sheep, frost the cupcakes with white icing. Place 2 eyes in the center of the icing. Cut a gummy peach into triangles and use 2 orange pieces for the ears. Place 1 jelly bean in the center of the cupcake below the eyes to make a nose. Place mini marshmallows all over the remainder of the icing, pressing gently to adhere.nTo make a chicken, frost the cupcakes with white icing. Place 2 candy eyes in the center of the icing. Place a jelly bean below the eyes for the nose and a red jelly bean at the bottom of the cupcake for the wattle. Place 3 jelly beans in a straight line at the top of the cupcake to make the comb on its head.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until smooth. Reduce the speed to mediumlow and add the confectioners sugar, about a cup at a time mix until completely combined. Add the milk and vanilla extract, and beat until smooth and spreadable.nPlace 2 cups icing in a separate bowl and add 2 to 3 drops pink food coloring if using. Stir to incorporate., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup milk, Buttercream Icing, recipe follows, 48 large candy eyes, 24 gummy candy peaches, trimmed into even round circles, plus 6 for the ears, 12 soft black licorice sticks, trimmed into 2inch pieces, 2 cups mixed color jelly beans, 2 cups mini marshmallows, 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pink food coloring, optional for pig cupcakes], title: Barnyard Vanilla Cupcakes, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 29761: {instructions: Trim the edge of the dough with the rolling pin. Prick the shell with a fork and chill the shell for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees and preheat the baking sheet.nIn a bowl with the mixer cream the butter, add 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons of the sugar, and beat the mixture until fluffy. Add the egg, beating well, and beat in the almonds and the vanilla. Spread the frangipane mixture in the shell, top it with the apricot halves cut sides up, and bake the tart on the baking sheet in the lower third of the oven for 40 minutes, or until the filling is golden and set.nPreheat the broiler.nSprinkle the tart with the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar and put it under the broiler about 6 inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the filling is browned. Brush the tart with the apricot glaze, let it cool, and remove the rim of the pan., ingredients: [Pate sucree, rolled 18inch thick, and fitted into a tart pan with removable bottom, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into bits and softened, 14 cup sugar plus 2 teaspoons, 1 large egg, 1 cup blanched almonds, ground, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 2pound can apricot halves, drained, 12 cup apricot glaze], title: Apricot Frangipane Tart, picturelink: null}, 29762: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12 to 3inch round cookie cutternTo make the Filling: Place the ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for about 15 minutes or until soft and the liquid is absorbed. Add water, if needed. Let cool.nTo make the Dough: Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse. In a small bowl, mix together the sugar, egg, egg white, and orange zest. Add it to the processor and pulse to mix, being careful not to over mix. Divide into 2 disks and chill 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the dough on a floured work surface to 14inch thick. Cut out 2 12 to 3inch disks. You can reroll the scrapes to make more disks. Place a disk of dough down and place 1 teaspoon of filling in the center. Pinch the disk in 3 places to form a triangular shape with the filling still showing in the center. They will look like 3 cornered hats. Place 2 inches apart on baking sheets. Continue until all the disks are made.nBake for 12 to 14 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups finely chopped dried apricots, 1 13 cups orange juice, 23 cup honey, 12 orange, zest grated, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cold unsalted butter, 23 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 egg white], title: Hamentaschen, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 29763: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Butter a large baking dish. Combine the chicken, ricotta, 12 cup parmesan, 3 tablespoons herbs, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Spoon about 14 cup filling across the lower half of each crepe roll up to enclose the filling. Place the crepes, seamside down, in the baking dish. Cover with foil and bake until the filling is hot, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and cook until it softens, about 1 minute. Add the asparagus and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth, lemon zest and the remaining 1 tablespoon herbs and simmer until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 14 cup parmesan and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the crepes among plates, top with the asparagus and sauce, and sprinkle with parmesan., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, 2 12 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for serving, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, dill, chives or mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 storebought crepes about 9 inches each, 1 shallot, sliced, 12 pound asparagus, trimmed and cut into pieces, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Chicken and Asparagus Crepes, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 29764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Liberally butter and flour a 10inch fluted tube or Bundt pan. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix together the apples, maple syrup, eggs, sugar, oil, and vanilla. In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and salt. In batches, mix the dry ingredients into the apple mixture. Stir in the walnuts. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and bake until a cake tester or skewer inserted into the cake comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes and invert onto a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nFor the icing: In a food processor, combine the powdered sugar, heavy cream, cream cheese, 3 tablespoons water, and vanilla. Process until smooth, adding more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the icing is pourable. Spoon the icing over the cake and allow to set for 20 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [Butter for greasing the pan, Flour for dusting, 3 medium green apples, such as Granny Smith, peeled, cored and diced into 14 to 12inch pieces, 1 12 cups maple syrup, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 tablespoon water, plus extra, as needed, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Spiced AppleWalnut Cake with Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 29765: {instructions: Melt butter in soup pot. Add onion, leeks, salt, and pepper and sweat for 5 minutes. In cheesecloth combine bay leaf and thyme and tie to form sachet. Add sachet of herbs to vegetables. Have stock simmering in saucepan. Add hot stock to vegetables, bring to the boil, reduce, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add asparagus bottoms, and continue to simmer for 10 minutes. Remove sachet of herbs. With immersion blender, puree soup or puree in batches in a standing blender.nCarefully strain soup through fine sieve. Return strained soup to the pot and reboil. Add cream and heat through, but do not boil. Serve immediately with hot asparagus tips strewn in as garnish. Finish with a dollop of sour cream.nPlease note that this soup may be chilled and served cold., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sweet butter, 1 small onion, diced, 1 leek, white only, washed and diced about 12 cup, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dry thyme, 2 quarts chicken stock, 2 pounds fresh pencil asparagus, top 2 inches cut off, steamed, and reserved for garnish, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sour cream], title: Asparagus Soup with Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 29766: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Cut the cheddar into 24 small sticks that will fit inside the jalapenos. Stuff 1 cheese stick into each jalapeno half.nWrap the bacon tightly around the jalapenos, slightly overlapping. Arrange 1 inch apart on the rack, cheeseside up. Bake until the bacon is crisp, about 25 minutes.nYou can make these poppers up to 2 hours ahead and keep at room temperature. Reheat at 350 degrees F until hot, about 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [5 ounces smoked cheddar cheese, 12 medium jalapeno peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded stems intact, 12 strips bacon, halved crosswise], title: BaconWrapped Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 29767: {instructions: Fill a pot with 8 cups water, add the eggs and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer over medium heat for 13 minutes. Remove the eggs and soak in cold water for about 30 minutes. Peel the eggs.nTo make the deviled eggs, split the eggs lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place them in a mixing bowl. Add the mayonnaise, paprika, truffle salt, some pepper and the hot sauce and mix vigorously. Taste. Add a pinch more truffle salt if desired. Place the mixture into a piping bag fitted with a star tip or cut the end of a plastic storage bag and pipe the egg mixture back into the awaiting egg whites.nGarnish with more paprika, the chives and some freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 13 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon ground paprika, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon truffle salt, Freshly ground pepper, 5 dashes your favorite hot sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped], title: Truffle Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 29768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all of the ingredients into a cocktail shaker and shake until the granita melts completely. Pour into a martini glass and serve immediately.nPlace the water, cranberries and sugar into a small saucepan, set over mediumhigh heat and simmer until the berries begin to pop, approximately 7 minutes. Remove from the heat. Puree with a stick blender, blender or food processor, for 1 minute. Pass the mixture through a fine mesh strainer directly into a metal 13 by 9inch pan. Do not press on the skins. Simply allow the juice to drip through the strainer. Add the zest and stir to combine. Place in the freezer until set, at least 6 hours and up to overnight. Once frozen, scrape the mixture with a fork to create a shaved ice texture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce vodka, 2 12 ounces Cranberry Granita, recipe follows, 12 ounce freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 cups water, 5 12 ounces cranberries, approximately 1 12 cups, washed and sorted, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon lime zest], title: Fresh Cranberry Cosmo, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 29769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrush the oil on the chicken breast. Grill or sear the chicken until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, then cool. Shred the meat and toss it with the teriyaki sauce.nToast the muffin and spread some extra teriyaki sauce on one half. Top with the shredded chicken and garnish with the pineapple. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 piece boneless, skinless chicken breast about 4 ounces1 tablespoon sugarfree teriyaki sauce, plus more if needed, 1 light, wholegrain English muffin, One 14inchthick ring canned or fresh pineapple], title: Aloha English Muffin Sandwich, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 29770: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove the chicken giblets. Rinse the chicken inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers and pat the outside dry. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken. Stuff the cavity with the bunch of thyme, both halves of the lemon, and all the garlic. Brush the outside of the chicken with the butter and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Scatter the onion slices around the chicken.nRoast the chicken for 1 12 hours, or until the juices run clear when you cut between a leg and thigh. Remove to a platter and cover with aluminum foil while you prepare the gravy.nRemove all the fat from the bottom of the pan, reserving 2 tablespoons in a small cup. Add the chicken stock to the pan and cook on high heat for about 5 minutes, until reduced, scraping the bottom of the pan. Combine the 2 tablespoons of chicken fat with the flour and add to the pan. Boil for a few minutes to cook the flour. Strain the gravy into a small saucepan and season it to taste. Keep it warm over a very low flame while you carve the chicken.nSlice the chicken onto a platter and serve immediately with the warm gravy., ingredients: [1 5 to 6pound roasting chicken, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bunch fresh thyme, 1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, cut in half crosswise, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 Spanish onion, thickly sliced, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Perfect Roast Chicken, picturelink: Mt7E8byYiibY.P6O6T63.Gt1dqjNcd.}, 29771: {instructions: Mash avocados lightly. Add lemon juice, onion and cilantro and mix well. Add spices and stir together. Place coulis in a plastic bag. Snip a tiny hole in 1 corner and pipe a spiral of sauce on top of the guacamole.nIn a small bowl, mix water and cornstarch. Microwave on high for 15 seconds. Stir and microwave for 15 seconds more or until mixture is thick and clear. Puree all of the ingredients together., ingredients: [Guacamole:, 2 medium avocados, 3 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 cup diced red onion, 18 cup chopped cilantro, 12 drops hot sauce recommended: Tabasco brand, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Seasoned salt, Coulis, recipe follows, Coulis:, 3 teaspoons water, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons 100 percent Agave Tequila, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons Grand Marnier, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 12 teaspoon avocado honey], title: Guacamole with Margarita Coulis, picturelink: null}, 29772: {instructions: Blend the Thai chiles and garlic in a food processor. Heat the oil in a saucepan or wok over medium heat until hot, then stir in the garlic and chile mixture and saute until light brown. Add the ground chicken and saute until cooked through. Stir in the noodles, oyster sauce, fish sauce and sugar and cook for 3 minutes, then stir in the broccoli, carrots and bell peppers and cook for 2 minutes more.nServe., ingredients: [1 ounce Thai chiles, 3 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces ground chicken, 4 servings cooked noodles of your choice, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, Pinch sugar, 2 cups chopped and blanched broccoli, 1 cup chopped and blanched carrots, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped], title: Pad Kee Mao, picturelink: null}, 29773: {instructions: In a blender, combine strawberries, blueberries, banana, and pineapple until smooth. Add tofu and ice cubes and liquefy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup chopped strawberries, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 12 cup sliced banana, 1 14 cups pineapple, 12 cup firm tofu, 2 cups ice cubes], title: Tutti Frutti Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 29774: {instructions: In a large saucepan, bring the coconut milk and curry paste to a boil over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, carrot, red bell pepper, onion, baby corn, basil, chile, lime leaves and fish sauce. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Cover the pan and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nPour the oil into a large wide saucepan. Attach a deepfry thermometer to the side of the saucepan and heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Add half of the noodles and fry until crisp, about 20 seconds. Drain on paper towels and set aside.nRemove the lid from the curry and add the shrimp, snap peas and the remaining noodles. Simmer, uncovered, until the shrimp is cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the lime leaves and basil sprigs and discard.nLadle the curry into bowls. Garnish with the fried noodles, cilantro and peanuts.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 13.5ounce cans coconut milk about 3 14 cups, 14 cup yellow curry paste such as Mae Ploy, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth or clam juice, 1 medium carrot, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped into 14inch pieces, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 15ounce can baby corn, drained and rinsed, cut into pieces, 5 sprigs Thai basil, with stems or regular basil, 1 Thai chile such as prik kee noo or serrano chile, stemmed and thinly sliced, 3 kaffir lime leaves or the zest of 1 lime, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce, 4 cups canola oil or safflower oil, 8 ounces fresh thin rice noodles, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 ounces snap peas, halved, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup lightly salted peanuts, chopped], title: Shrimp and Vegetable Yellow Curry, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 29775: {instructions: In a cold 8quart stockpot, put 23 cup of olive oil, garlic cloves, whole onion, beef shank, and pork chops. Turn heat to medium and cook for 5 minutes. Turn meat over and cook for 5 more minutes. Puree the tomatoes in the blender, and add them to the stockpot. Add 2 tablespoons hot sauce, tomato paste, all dry ingredients and 34 cup of cheese to the stockpot. Cover pot and simmer for 2 hours, stirring every 15 minutes.nFill a 16quart stockpot halfway with water and add 3 tablespoons of the hot sauce, beer, celery, and coarsely chopped onion. Bring to a boil. Add the lobsters and boil for 10 minutes. Remove the lobsters from the water and let cool. Remove the lobster meat and refrigerate in a covered bowl. Reserve and refrigerate the lobster bodies to be used as garnish.nPut 13 cup olive oil in a frying pan and turn heat to medium. Put in the clams and cover. Cook for about 7 minutes, or until they open. Add 4 cups of the tomato sauce from the stockpot, remaining 12 tablespoon hot sauce, heavy cream, and mussels. Simmer for 5 minutes. Add shrimp and lobster and simmer for 5 more minutes.nCook linguini according to the directions on the box, and then add it to the contents of the frying pan. Mix all ingredients together and divide evenly onto 4 plates, garnishing each plate with a lobster body and 1 teaspoon fresh parsley or, serve family style in a large bowl. Add extra sauce and cheese to taste. Serve with crusty Italian bread., ingredients: [23 cup olive oil, plus 13 cup, 4 whole cloves garlic, peeled, 1 large yellow onion, 1 pound beef shank, 2 12 pounds bonein pork chops, Three 28ounce cans tomatoes, 3 tablespoons hot red pepper sauce, plus 2 tablespoons, plus 12 tablespoon, Two 6ounce cans tomato paste, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 tablespoon dried sweet basil, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 12 tablespoons dried parsley flakes, 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 cups freshly grated Pecorino Romano, One 12ounce can lager beer Budweiser recommended, 3 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped, Four 1 14pound lobsters, 24 Littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 24 mussels, beards removed and scrubbed, 32 raw large shrimp, peeled and deveined, One 1pound box linguini, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley, 1 loaf crusty Italian bread], title: Firehouse FraDiavilo, picturelink: null}, 29776: {instructions: Puree all the ingredients in a food processor or blender. Pour about 12 cup into paper cups. Freeze until set. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups grape juice, 1 cup frozen blueberries, 2 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Blueberry Fruit Ice, picturelink: null}, 29777: {instructions: In a blender, combine all ingredients, slowly adding the oil. Blend until smooth, adding extra stock if too dense. The texture should be that of hollandaise sauce., ingredients: [1 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cooked carrot, from stock, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Sauce for Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 29778: {instructions: Peel mangoes and cut into 12inch cubes. In a small bowl toss mangoes with vinegar, sugar, salt, and raisins.nMake seasoning paste: Cut gingerroot into 4 pieces. For a milder chutney, wearing rubber gloves, remove seeds and veins from Thai chilies or jalapeno. To a food processor with motor running add gingerroot, chilies, and remaining seasoning paste ingredients, 1 at a time through feed tube, and puree to a paste.nHeat a 4quart heavy kettle over moderately low heat until hot. Cook seasoning paste, cinnamon stick, and star anise in oil, stirring frequently, 10 minutes, or until very fragrant. Stir in mango mixture and simmer, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until mangoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Discard cinnamon stick and star anise and cool chutney completely. Chutney keeps, covered and chilled, about 1 month., ingredients: [3 unripe mangoes about 3 pounds total, 12 cup distilled vinegar, 13 cup sugar plus additional, to taste, if mango is very sour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, or to taste, 14 cup raisins, 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled, 2 fresh Thai bird chilies or 1 fresh jalapeno, 5 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 3inch piece cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 2 tablespoons corn or safflower oil], title: Mango Chutney, picturelink: null}, 29779: {instructions: Pour the port into the melon 1 to 3 days in advance of the dinner. Chill in the refrigerator with the top put back in place and wrapped in plastic wrap.nWhen ready to serve:nRemove the melon from the refrigerator and take off the wrap and top. Pour out the port from the melon into a bowl. Cut off the rind and cut the melon into pieces. Put the pieces into four cool bowls. Serve with the cheeses on a side platter.nNote: The port could be poured back over the melon or reserved for another use.nThis is also nice with a bowl of lightly seasoned toasted almonds and some port wine., ingredients: [A selection of 3 to 6 different Spanish cheeses, 1 bottle of port wine, 1 melon, top removed and seeds scooped out top reserved], title: Port Wine Drunken Melon with Spanish Cheeses, picturelink: null}, 29780: {instructions: DOUGH PATE SABLEE: In a food processor, combine butter, sugar, salt, vanilla and egg and pulse until blended. Pulse in the flour and almond meal just until the dough comes together. Pat dough flat into a disk on plastic film, wrap and chill at least 1 hour.nCut dough into two pieces and roll out to about 18inch thickness. Cut round pieces a little larger than the 4inch mold. Ease each dough piece down into a mold and press dough along the bottom and edge. Flush excess dough off top edge of mold to keep the edge even. Complete placing the dough in remaining molds. Chill for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 400 F.nLine shells with wax paper and fill with raw rice or beans to weigh the dough down to blind bake the shells. Bake the shells until sides are light brown. Remove paper and beans from shells and let cool.nCITRON FILLING: In a food processor, pulse lemon sections just enough to slighty break up the sections. This should not be a smooth puree. Add remaining ingredients and pulse briefly just to mix together. Line prebaked tart shells on a baking tray. Place filling in a large measuring cup with a spout or a pitcher and fill each tart shell all the way to the top. Bake in a 300 degrees F preheated oven for approximately 10 to 15 minutes, just until filling is set and no longer liquid. Serve room temperature with whipped cream and fresh berries., ingredients: [1 34 stick unsalted butter room temperature, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 34 cup all purpose flour, 2 Tbs. almond meal or flour, 6 lemons, zested, and sectioned, 1 14 cups butter, melted, cooled slightly, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 yolks], title: Tarte au Citron Lemon Tart, picturelink: null}, 29781: {instructions: Steam the lobster in 2 inches of boiling water until bright pink, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately shock in an ice bath, and then remove the tail and claw meat. Chop and reserve.nMix the lobster meat, tarragon, celery and lemon juice together in a medium bowl. Fold in the mayonnaise and season with salt and pepper. Brush the outside of each roll with some butter and griddle or toast until golden brown. Fill each roll with the lobster salad and garnish with the chives. Serve immediately with lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [Two 1 12pound lobsters, 1 to 2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, 2 lemons, 1 juiced plus 1 wedged for garnish, 14 to 12 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 New England splittop rolls, or potato hot dog buns, Salted butter, softened to toast buns, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, for garnish], title: Buttery Lobster Rolls For Your Baby, picturelink: OkPBIeKsdjY74MmSbM0yyRFebZzIA6}, 29782: {instructions: For the wings: Pat the chicken wings dry with a paper towel dont skip this step This will both help the rub adhere and ensure crispy skin.nTo a spice grinder or mortar and pestle, add the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, cracked black peppercorns and cardamom seeds. Grind it to a fine powder.nPour the ground spice mixture into a small bowl and add the mustard and salt. Whisk to combine. Reserve a scant 2 tablespoons of this mixture for the sauce.nPlace the wings in a large bowl and add remaining spice mixture toss to coat the wings well. Let those puppies sit for about an hour.nAbout 15 minutes before youre ready to bake, preheat your oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a wire rack and grease with cooking spray or brush with canola oil.nPlace the wings on the prepared rack at an even distance from each other. Pop into the oven for about 45 minutes, flipping the wings over halfway through, and rotating the baking sheet for even cooking.nAs the wings are roasting away, make the sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, warm the grapeseed oil until shimmering. Add the garlic and cook for about 30 seconds. Then add the reserved 2 tablespoons spice blend and cook another 30 seconds. Stir in the pomegranate molasses, Sriracha and mint leaves. Cook for about 5 minutes, and then finish with the butter and lemon juice. Stir, taste for seasoning and set aside off the heat.nWhen the wings are done, pull the garlic cloves and mint out of the glaze and discard thin the sauce with a few teaspoon of water if needed. Toss the wings with the sauce. Avoid the temptation to eat them all yourself Serve., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken wings, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 generous tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 generous tablespoon cracked black peppercorns, Seeds of 16 green cardamom pods, or 12 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 generous tablespoon salt, Nonstick spray or canola oil, 3 tablespoons grapeseed or canola oil, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 12 tablespoons Sriracha Thai chili sauce use more if you like it spicy, 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves picked, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pomegranate, Sriracha and Mint Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 29783: {instructions: In a pot of boiling, well salted water, blanch shiso and spinach for 30 seconds and shock in ice bath. Squeeze out water and place in blender cup with salt and sugar. With blender on high speed, add canola oil in a steady stream. Blend for 5 minutes until cup gets slightly warm. This oil may be done a day in advance and will keep in the refrigerator for at least 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup shiso leaves, 12 cup spinach leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups canola oil], title: Shiso Oil, picturelink: null}, 29784: {instructions: Juice, in this order, the beets, apples and carrots, following your juicers specific settings for each. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [2 medium beets, trimmed and scrubbed, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored, 3 medium carrots, peeled, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional], title: BeetCarrotApple Juice, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 29785: {instructions: Clean the dark black gills from the mushrooms, then drizzle with a little olive oil, season with salt and pepper and place over medium heat on an open barbecue grill, face down. After a few minutes, turn them over and continue to cook.nIn a mixing bowl combine the goat cheese with minced garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, and the mixture of fresh herbs torn by hand.nMix the cheese until all of the ingredients have been incorporated and a nice creamy texture is achieved.nWhen the mushrooms begin to get soft and give off a little of their juice, add a nice spoonful of the goat cheese mixture right into the center of each portobello.nClose the lid of the barbecue and let cook until the cheese gets bubbly and the mushrooms are nice and soft., ingredients: [5 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese recommended: Deborah Rogers Farmstead Goat Cheese, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 sprig fresh dill, 3 to 4 large fresh basil leaves], title: Fresh Herb and Goat Cheese Stuffed Grilled Portobellos, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 29786: {instructions: Using a chefs knife, cut the kernels from the corn into a medium bowl. You should have about 3 cups. Using dull side of knife, scrape the milk and pulp from the cobs into the bowl. Add the egg yolk, flour, sugar, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine.nIn a clean bowl, whisk egg whites until stiff but not dry. Fold into corn mixture. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large castiron or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nDrop spoonfuls of batter into the oil, spaced a few inches apart. Cook until golden on the bottom, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using a spatula, turn fritter over and cook until golden on the other side. Repeat process with leftover batter, using the remaining oil for pan.nServe immediately., ingredients: [3 ears corn, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Corn Fritters with Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 29787: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the duck with salt and pepper on both sides and cook, skinside down, until golden brown, drain the fat, turn the breast over and continue cooking in the oven to mediumrare doneness, about 4 to 5 minutes.nPlace 2 PotatoBlue Cheese Cakes on each plate. Place one duck breast on top of the potato cakes, and drizzle the Red Chile Pear Sauce around the plate and on the ends of the duck breasts. Place a few teaspoons of the Asian Pear Relish on top of each of the duck breasts.nCombine the potatoes, bread crumbs and blue cheese in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Form the mixture into eight 2inch cakes. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Dredge the cakes lightly in more panko crumbs. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Cook the cakes until golden brown on both sides.nFor the Red Chile Pear Sauce: Heat oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until reduced. Add the stock, chiles, cinnamon, anise, and pears, and cook until reduced by 12. Strain the sauce into a clean saucepan and cook to a sauce consistency, and can coat the back of a spoon thickly. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sauce can be gently reheated, but cannot boil, or the sauce will break. For the Asian Pear Relish: Heat a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the pears and cook until lightly golden brown. Remove the pan from the heat, add the bourbon and sugar and cook until the pears are lightly glazed., ingredients: [4 duck breasts, Salt and freshly ground pepper, PotatoBlue Cheese Cakes, recipe follows, Red Chile Pear Sauce, recipe follows, Asian Pear Relish, recipe follows, 2 cups cold mashed potatoes, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, plus extra for coating, 12 cup crumbled domestic blue cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Panko crumbs, for dusting, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 1 cup dry red wine, 8 cups homemade chicken stock, 2 whole New Mexican Red chiles, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 3 pears, peeled, seeded and halved, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 Asian pears, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 cup bourbon, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar], title: Pan Seared Duck with Red Chile Pear Sauce, BourbonBrown Sugar Asian Pear Relish and PotatoBlue Cheese Cakes, picturelink: null}, 29788: {instructions: For the chicken: Mix together the hoisin, honey, soy, fivespice powder, crushed red pepper and sesame oil in a bowl. Pour half of marinade over the chicken in a plastic bag and marinate for 3 to 4 hours in the refrigerator, turning once halfway through. Reserve the remaining marinade. For the pickled cabbage: Bring 12 cup water, the vinegar, sugar and salt to a boil until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the carrots, crushed red pepper and cabbage. Stir to combine and let sit for at least 30 minutes. Pour into a bowl and let cool completely. For the mustard: Whisk together the mustard powder, water, honey, oils and salt in a bowl until smooth. For cooking and assembly: Heat a gas or charcoal grill to medium heat. Coat the grill with vegetable oil. Grill the chicken thighs until no longer pink in the middle and the internal temperature is 165 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes per side. Let rest for 5 minutes, and then chop, toss with the marinade and coat in the sesame seeds. Butter and grill the buns on both sides until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Place ample quantities of glistening chicken on the bottom buns, then a drained handful of pickled cabbage and carrots, and top with hot mustard., ingredients: [2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup shredded carrots, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 small head Chinese or napa cabbage, washed and thinly sliced about 4 cups, 14 cup dried mustard powder, 14 cup boiling water, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for brushing grill, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, Unsalted butter, for rolls, 12 to 16 slider rolls, preferably Kings Hawaiian], title: Sweet and Sour BBQ Chicken Sliders with Pickled Chinese Cabbage and Carrots, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 29789: {instructions: Prepare a medium fire and place the grill 6 inches above the coals. Place the 4 tablespoons of oil in a bowl and mix in the chopped garlic. Brush the peppers, onions, and corn with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the peppers on the grill cut side down and cook for about 45 minutes. Turn onver the grill for an additional 2 minutes. Be careful the skin does not become too charred. Remove the peppers and julienne. Place the onions on the grill and cook for 3 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill and chop into 12 inch pieces. Place the corn on the grill and cook for 1 minute. Rotate the corn and continue to grill it should take about 3 minutes to cook on all sides. Remove from the grill and remove the kernals from the cob with a knife. Place the sausage on the grill and cook for about 4 minutes on each side. Sausages should cook in about 68 minutes. Place the julienne peppers, chopped onions, corn kernels, and chopped tomatoes in a bowl. Add basil, remaining olive oil and vinegar and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Divide salad into six plates and place two sausages on each plate. Serve with crusty Italian bread, ingredients: [12 Italian sausage medium hot, 3 Large red peppers cut in half and seeded, 2 Medium onions cut into 12 inch slices, 3 Ears of corn, 2 Beefsteak tomatoes cut into 12 inch pieces, 12 Large basil leaves chiffonade, 13 cup and 4 Tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt to taste, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 4 Tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 Large clove of garlic chopped], title: Grilled Sausage with Peppers, Onions, Corn and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 29790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the whole shallots onto a sheet of aluminum foil. Cut the pointed top off the garlic bulb and put it next to the shallots. Add the thyme sprigs, drizzle everything with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Fold up into a loose package and bake until soft, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven, open the package and set aside to cool.nMix the ricotta with the truffle oil. Set aside.nSqueeze the shallots and garlic out of their skins and onto a board. Chop very finely and add to a bowl with the softened butter. Season with salt and pepper and mix well. Refrigerate the compound butter until you are ready to use it. You can also roll it up into a cylinder in plastic wrap and freeze it for up to 3 months.nSprinkle the beef, pork and veal with salt and pepper. Mix well and form into 4 thick patties. Set aside.nWhen you are ready, melt 2 tablespoons of the compound butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the meatballs. Fry until they are cooked through, an internal temperature of 160 degrees F. Remove from the skillet, cover and keep warm.nAdd the pate slices to the skillet and cook until lightly browned on both sides, about 20 seconds per side. Remove from the skillet and keep warm.nBuild the burger: Butter a warm slice of brioche toast with some compound butter and put it onto a plate. Top with a meatball and a slice of pate. Spoon a big dollop of the truffled ricotta on top and garnish with the sprouts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 small shallots, 1 head garlic, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 13 pound ground beef, 13 pound ground pork, 13 pound ground veal, 4 slices pate, 4 slices brioche bread, toasted, Alfalfa sprouts, for serving], title: Meatball Truffle Burger, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 29791: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the oil, salt and pepper. Rub the oil mixture over the meats. Roast the pork shoulder about 1 hour roast the beef chuck about 1 12 hours, until a meat thermometer registers 170 degrees F for each meat. Remove the meats from the oven and let cool for 20 minutes. Cover and refrigerate up to 1 day or until ready to use., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 14 pounds boneless pork shoulder roast, 2 14 pounds boneless beef chuck roast], title: Roasting Pork Shoulder and Beef Chuck, picturelink: null}, 29792: {instructions: In a medium, hot soup pot brown the chuck with the thyme, sage and garlic. When browned remove and drain beef. Set aside. In the same pot heat the oil and add the onion, garlic, shallot, red bell pepper and jalapeno. Saute until vegetables begin to brown, about 7 to 10 minutes. Add chili powder, cayenne pepper, chipotle pepper, salt and cook, stirring, until spices begin to stick to the pan. Add Gallo burgundy and cook until liquid is reduced by 1 half. Add tomatoes and bring to a boil. Stir in beans and reserved beef and simmer, partially covered, over medium low heat for 1 hour. Serve with corn chips. Chili may be made, up to 2 days in advance and kept covered and refrigerated. Reheat to serve., ingredients: [1 pound coarsely ground beef chuck, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon dried sage leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 shallot, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, halved, seeded chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 12 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper, or to taste, Salt, to taste, 1 cup Gallo burgundy wine, One 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 16ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, One 16ounce bag corn chips], title: Spicy Beef Chili, picturelink: HhflFJpbOueRbyIxlyoXqpEYyc3xsm}, 29793: {instructions: Combine sugar and food coloring. Dip champagne flutes in water and rim in sugar.nFill flutes 14 way with cranberry juice, then fill remainder with sparkling cider. Garnish each with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [Sugar, Red food coloring, 14 part cranberry juice, Sparkling cider, Maraschino cherries], title: Sparkling Shirley, picturelink: Vi24wjq14WRAguScLYGGrYNB8Bwziu}, 29794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 7inch round waffle iron, 8 bamboo skewersnFor the brine: To a saucepan, add 2 cups water, the salt, sugar, red chile flakes, peppercorns, garlic thyme leaves and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer to dissolve the sugar and salt. Once boiling, remove from the heat and add the ice. Once the liquid is cool, place into a freezer bag, and add the chicken to the brine, making sure it is completely submerged. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the waffle batter: Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda. In a separate bowl, beat together the buttermilk, butter and eggs. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the wet ingredients to the dry while stirring with a whisk. Mix until well combined and there are no lumps. Cover with plastic wrap.nPour the waffle batter into the waffle iron and cook according to the manufacturers instructions. Repeat for the remaining waffle batter.nFor the mayo: Whisk together the honey, mayonnaise, Sriracha, garlic powder, onion powder and salt, and set in the refrigerator to allow flavors to come together.nFor the slaw: Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard and vinegar together in a large bowl. Then add green cabbage, carrot, red cabbage, red onion and apple. Season with salt and pepper. Stir well so everything is coated evenly. Keep the slaw refrigerated until ready to use.nFor fried chicken: Combine the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, Italian seasoning, paprika and black pepper. In a separate shallow dish, whisk together the eggs, buttermilk and hot sauce. Dredge each piece of chicken in the flour mixture, then into the egg, shake off excess, and then back into the flour mixture.nHeat the canola oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chicken in the hot oil until golden and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place the cooked chicken onto a rack on a sheet tray and keep warm while you finish cooking the rest of the chicken. Place the chicken into a warm oven to keep warm and crisp while you prepare the sliders.nSpread the prepared mayonnaise on the bottom waffle and top with a couple of pieces of fried chicken to create a slider. Top with a pile of slaw. Finish with the second waffle piece and hold together with a bamboo skewer. Repeat for the remaining waffles and chicken. Cut into quarters and serve., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Leaves from 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 boneless chicken breasts, skin on, sliced into wide pieces and pounded to 12inchthick, 2 cups ice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 8 ounces buttermilk, 1 ounce unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 whole eggs, beaten, 1 cup honey, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Sriracha, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 2 cups thinly sliced green cabbage, 1 cup grated carrot, 12 cup thinly sliced red cabbage, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and julienned skinon, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 14 cup canola oil], title: Fried Chicken and Waffle Sliders with Spicy Mayo, picturelink: 7plVrcez.amN10JLQuc4oJbWSyR3CR.}, 29795: {instructions: Chop garlic. Pat lamb dry and season with salt and pepper. In a 12inch heavy skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sear lamb 3 minutes. Turn lamb over and sear 2 minutes more for mediumrare. Transfer lamb to 4 plates. Add garlic, rosemary, lemon juice, and stock to skillet and deglaze over high heat, stirring and scraping up brown bits, 1 minute. Whisk in butter. Pour sauce over lamb., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, 4 lamb shoulder chops each about 34inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons rosemary, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Lamb Chops with GarlicRosemary Sauce, picturelink: null}, 29796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the fish fillets on both sides with salt and black pepper, to taste. Saute the fillets until they are opaque and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the fish to a glass baking dish where they fit snugly.nIn the same saute pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, Anaheim chile, bay leaf and oregano and bring the pan to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and let the sauce simmer until the chiles soften, about 6 minutes. Uncover the pan, add the olives and capers, and cook until the flavors combine, about 4 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the sauce over the fish in the baking dish. Bake until the fish is heated through, about 5 minutes. Remove the dish from the oven, discard the bay leaf and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 6ounce tilapia fillets or other white fish fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups canned crushed tomatoes with juice, 1 Anaheim chile, stemmed, seeded and cut into thin strips, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup pitted and halved green olives, 14 cup capers, drained], title: VeracruzStyle Tilapia Pescado A La Veracruzana, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 29797: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the oil in an oven proof skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes, then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and let simmer for about 5 minutes, until the tomato juices thicken.nRemove from the heat. Stir in the parsley, dill, and shrimp and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the feta over the top. Bake until the shrimp are cooked through and cheese melts, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced about 1 12 cups, 2 cloves garlic, minced about 2 teaspoons, 2 14.5ounce cans of nosaltadded diced tomatoes, with their juices, 14 cup finely minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh dill, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup crumbled feta cheese about 3 ounces], title: Baked Shrimp with Tomatoes and Feta, picturelink: enHz6queVbTgoJnFjwVLAD7Su9g48y}, 29798: {instructions: Combine sugar and water and allow to dissolve. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Serve cold or over ice., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 1 12 cups water, 23 cup lime juice, 23 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Margarita, picturelink: null}, 29799: {instructions: For chicken:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPound chicken breasts into 14inch thickness. Place the eggs into a dish. The next dish mix flour, salt and pepper. In a third dish place pepitas and panko. Dip chicken into the eggs and then the flour mixture, back to the eggs and then into the pepitapanko mix to coat. Spray baking sheet with cooking spray and place chicken on top. Bake for about 25 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.nFor corn cakes:nIn food processor mix 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons melted butter, egg yolk and half the corn until smooth. Transfer mixture to medium bowl. Add remaining corn, onion, cilantro and jalapeno and set aside. In a separate bowl mix flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and gently mix. In a small bowl whisk egg white until slightly stiff peaks form. Fold whisked egg into other ingredients. In a large cast iron skillet over medium heat, place 2 tablespoons oil. Drop batter by tablespoons into hot skillet making 8 cakes. Cook approximately 1 minute on each side or until browned.nFor mango sauce:nIn a food processor place the mango, white onion, cilantro, sugar, jalapeno and salt and process until smooth. Add chicken broth and place in small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until bubbles form. Reduce heat to low and stir in halfandhalf.nTo Serve:nPlace 1 chicken breast and 2 corn cakes on each plate. Drizzle with mango sauce and garnish with crumbled queso fresco., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup finely ground pepitas, 14 cup panko crumbs, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup corn from 1 ear, divided, 14 cup finely chopped white onion, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cornmeal, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg white, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup diced mango, 1 tablespoon finely diced white onion, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chicken broth, 3 tablespoons halfandhalf, Queso fresco, for serving], title: Pepita Crusted Chicken with Mexican Corn Cakes, picturelink: null}, 29800: {instructions: In a large pot, bring 5 14 cups of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the rice, turn the heat down to low and simmer until rice has absorbed all the water and is light and fluffy, about 15 to 20 minutes. Reserve 3 cups of cooked rice for another use, such as Cajun Dirty Rice. Transfer the rice to a serving bowl and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of canola oil. Add the celery, green pepper, onion, garlic, and season with salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. Saute until slightly tender about 5 minutes. Add the fresh lemon juice and chopped parsley and cook for another minute. Reserve 1 cup of the sauteed vegetables for another use, like Cajun Dirty Rice. Transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl and set aside.nWhile the vegetables are sauteing, heat a cast iron skillet or griddle over high heat. Brush the catfish with the remaining canola oil and then sprinkle both sides with Cajun seasoning. Place the catfish onto into the hot pan and cook, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nArrange the catfish on a serving platter and serve with rice and sauteed vegetables., ingredients: [3 cups conventional white rice, 14 cup canola oil, divided, 3 stalks celery, diced, 1 medium green bell pepper, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped garlic, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 4 catfish fillets, about 1 pound, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning], title: Blackened Catfish with Trinity of Sauteed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 29801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add 12 cup of olive oil. Stir in the onion, garlic, serrano and jalapeno peppers and cook until soft. Remove from heat and set aside.nPlace the pork shoulder in a large heavy bottomed pot, coated with oil, over medium heat and sear until well browned on all sides. Deglaze with the chicken broth, and then add sauteed onions and peppers. Turn heat to low, cover and let it simmer for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the Anaheim peppers on a sheet pan.nPeel the outer paper skins off the tomatillos, then coat with olive oil and place on another sheet pan. Place both pans in the preheated oven and roast until the peppers are nicely charred and the tomatillos are soft, about 20 minutes.nRemove pans from the oven and place the peppers in a plastic bag to let them steam for 5 minutes.nPeel and seed peppers, and then puree them with the tomatillos in a food processor. Add the puree to the pork mixture, stir, and then let simmer on low heat.nCombine the garlic powder, black pepper, ground cumin, Mexican oregano, ground coriander and salt in a small bowl, then add to pork mixture and stir well.nIn a small saute pan, mix 12 cup olive oil with the corn flour, stirring over low heat for 2 minutes to make a masa roux.nLet the chili mixture simmer for approximately 1 12 to 2 hours on mediumlow heat, or until pork is nice and tender. Then stir in masa roux and simmer for 10 more minutes., ingredients: [Olive oil, 5 cups diced onion, 12 cup chopped garlic, 13 cup chopped serrano peppers, 13 cup chopped jalapeno peppers, 5 pounds cubed pork shoulder, 1 quart chicken broth, 15 to 20 Anaheim peppers, 12 to 15 tomatillos, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup corn flour], title: Chili Verde, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 29802: {instructions: Using a 1 14inch star pastry tip, pierce a hole in the bottom of each puff. Gently whisk the cooled pastry cream until smooth. Fit the 1 tip into a pastry bag and inject the cream into each puff. On a plate or pedestal cake stand, arrange about 20 puffs to form a circular base, about 8 inches in diameter. Drip the chocolate sauce over them. Continue to pile up the puffs, dripping more sauce as you go., ingredients: [1 recipe pate a choux, piped into about 40 cream puffs, 1 recipe pastry cream, 1 recipe chocolate ganache glaze], title: Mountain of Profiteroles, picturelink: null}, 29803: {instructions: Combine the dissolved cornstarch, orange rind, juice, and sugar in a saucepan and simmer for 3 to 5 minutes or until thickened and clear. Remove from the heat and stir in orange liqueur to taste. Pour over chilled citrus sections., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated orange rind, 1 13 cups orange juice, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup orange liqueur, Grapefruit and orange sections], title: Citrus Sauce for Citrus Sections, picturelink: null}, 29804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 24 sandwich skewersnCombine 14 cup sour cream, the mayonnaise, lime juice, cayenne, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the cabbage and cilantro and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nHeat 12 inch of the oil in a castiron skillet to 345 degrees F. Lay out the fish pieces and pat dry with a paper towel. Sprinkle them with salt, pepper and 1 teaspoon taco seasoning.nCombine the breadcrumbs, flour and baking powder in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Combine the egg, beer, hot sauce and remaining 2 teaspoons of taco seasoning in a second bowl. Dip the fish in the egg mixture, letting any excess drip off, and dredge in the flour mixture. Working in batches, fry in the hot oil, turning once, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes total. Remove with a slotted spoon or tongs and place on a paper towellined plate. Season with salt.nLay out 1 tortilla on your work surface. Pile the following ingredients on top of each other in the middle of the tortilla in this order: 1 cup slaw, 6 pieces of the fried fish, a quarter of the avocado slices, a quarter of the crumbled tortilla chips and a quarter of the radishes. Smear 1 tablespoon of the remaining sour cream on the tortilla next to the avocado and add a few dashes of hot sauce this will act as the glue to keep help keep everything together.nCarefully roll up the tortilla into a burrito and place seamside down on your work surface. Insert 6 evenlyspaced skewers crosswise through the roll. Using a serrated knife, trim and discard the very ends of the roll or eat them, and then slice between the skewers to create 6 skewered rounds. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 2 limes 14 cup, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 green cabbage, sliced about 8 cups, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Canola oil, for frying, 1 pound catfish or other firm white fish fillets, cut into 1by2inch pieces about 24 total, 3 teaspoons taco seasoning, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 large egg, 14 cup pilsner or lager beer, 14 cup hot sauce, plus additional for assembly and serving, Four 10inch tortillas, such as flour, spinach or sundried tomato, 1 avocado, sliced, 1 cup crumbled tortilla chips, 12 cup thinly sliced radishes], title: Fish Taco Wraps, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 29805: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the chicken, salsa, beans, 12 cup of the broth and the chili powder in a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat, stirring, until simmering. Stir in the scallions and remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, combine the cornmeal with the remaining 1 cup broth and 1 cup water in a medium pan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring, until very thick, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cheese and butter. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nSpread the cornmeal mixture over the filling and bake until cooked through, about 30 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes. Serve with sour cream., ingredients: [3 cups diced cooked chicken about 12 ounces, 1 12 cups prepared salsa, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 scallions white and green parts, sliced, 34 cup cornmeal, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sour cream, for serving], title: Chicken Tamale Pie, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 29806: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a cocktail shaker combine the lemon juice, simple syrup, mint and crushed ice, and shake vigorously. Add the whiskey and shake briefly to blend. Pour into a highball glass and top with sparkling water, adding more ice as needed., ingredients: [4 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 ounces simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves cooled, 4 to 5 fresh mint leaves, coarsely chopped, 6 ounces whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels Black, Crushed ice, Sparkling water], title: JuLito hoolito, picturelink: KMwyYOOy9U1iVefTaB9ZHPKRiXi6l6}, 29807: {instructions: Preheat oil in either a large Dutch oven or deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nDredge cubed tofu in cornstarch and deepfry in preheated oil until golden brown. Drain on paper towels until ready to use. Toss fried tofu and vegetables in a mixing bowl with the Poke Sauce.n2 12 cups sugarn1 cup soy saucen12 cup sesame oilnCombine ingredients in a mixing bowl and whisk until sugar has dissolved., ingredients: [Oil, for deep frying, 1 pound firm tofu, cut into 34inch cubes, Cornstarch, for dredging, 1ounce shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 ounces tomato, diced, 2 ounces cucumber, diced, 1ounce bean sprouts, 14 cup furikake, Poke Sauce, recipe follows], title: Tofu Poke, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 29808: {instructions: Broil marshmallows 2 per smore on a baking sheet, turning once, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes sprinkle with pumpkin pie spice. Sandwich between graham cracker squares with white chocolate and pumpkin butter.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Pumpkin Spice Smores, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 29809: {instructions: In a large bowl, soften the gelatin by stirring it into 12 cup of the orange juice. Set aside. In a small saucepan, boil 112 cups of the juice and the sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Pour the juice over the gelatin and stir to dissolve. Mix in the remaining 2 cups of juice. Let cool completely. Pour into a 4 12cup mold or 4 individual serving glasses. Drop blackberries into the gelatin. Chill for 4 hours until set. Pour enough oil into a saucepan to come up the side of the pan 2 inches. Heat the oil to 350 degrees. Drop the noodles into the oil for 10 seconds. Drain the noodles.nTop gelatin with the noodles., ingredients: [2 envelopes gelatin, 1 quart fresh orange juice, divided into 12 cup, 112 cups and 2 cups, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup blackberries, 3 cups vegetable oil, 1 bunch bean thread noodles], title: Orange Gelatine Monster, picturelink: null}, 29810: {instructions: Peel and core apples then cut into small chunks. In a large saucepan, bring apples, cinnamon stick, and water to a boil and simmer until apples are tender when poked with a fork, about 15 minutes. Add strawberries and cook 5 minutes more. Remove from heat. Press the mixture through a sieve over a bowl. Taste, and if sugar is needed, add now while the mixture is still warm. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [5 apples recommended: Cortland or McIntosh 1 cinnamon stick, 12 cup water, 8 to 10 strawberries, stemmed and chopped, 14 to 12 cup sugar], title: Strawberry Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 29811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 6 cups water, sugar, thyme, cinnamon sticks, lime juice and lime zest to a boil in a 5quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pan from the heat and add the tea bags. Steep the tea for 15 minutes. Remove the tea bags and allow the mixture to cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Strain the mixture into a pitcher and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPour the tea into 4 icefilled glasses and serve., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cinnamon sticks, Juice and zest of 2 large limes, 3 black tea bags, such as Twinings Irish Breakfast Tea, Ice], title: Spiced Thyme and Lime Iced Tea, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 29812: {instructions: To make the syrup: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine all the ingredients, bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside to cool, then strain into a medium bowl.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nTo make the filling: In a clean bowl, add egg white and beat with a hand mixer until thick, about 5 to 6 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine the walnuts, pecans, brown sugar and cloves. Gently fold in the egg whites and 34 cup of the syrup, until combined.nTo assemble: Remove the phyllo from the package, being careful to keep it covered and cool. Take out 1 sheet and put it on a work surface. Gently brush with butter and fold in half. Add approximately 14 cup filling, toward the bottom half of the pastry and fold over the long end. Roll up, tucking in the ends as you roll. Set on a parchment lined baking sheet and brush with butter. Repeat until all cigars are assembled. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 35 minutes, keeping an eye on them so they dont brown too quickly.nRemove from oven, let cool for 2 minutes. On a clean work surface, cut the baklava in half on the diagonal and transfer to a serving tray or platter. Drizzle with remaining syrup, sprinkle with slivered almonds and dust with powdered sugar. Can be served warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 34 cup water, 12 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 12 tablespoons honey such as sage or thyme, 3 cinnamon sticks, 5 whole cloves, 34 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 egg white, at room temperature, 34 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 34 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 34 cup syrup, from above, 12 package frozen phyllo pastry, thawed, 1 cup unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Baklava Cigars, picturelink: null}, 29813: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the chicken with cool water and pat dry. Place the chicken in a roasting pan on a rack, breast side up. Sprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Tuck the wing tips under the back of the chicken.nCombine 4 tablespoons butter, parsley if using, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Loosen the skin on the breast of the chicken by gently wriggling fingers under the skin. Rub outside of the chicken with about 1 tablespoon of the butter mixture. Rub the remaining mixture under the skin of the chicken breast. Sprinkle chicken with additional salt and pepper. Roast the chicken for 1 hour 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant but not browned, about 2 minutes. Spoon the garlic out of the saucepan and discard. Add the apricot preserves, mustard and vinegar and cook, stirring, until warmed through and combined, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool until ready to glaze the chicken.nIncrease the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the oven and brush evenly with the apricot glaze. Continue roasting until an instantread thermometer stuck into the chicken thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 15 minutes more. Tip the chicken so the juices run into the pan. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and loosely tent with foil.nPour the juices from the pan into a degreasing cup or glass measuring cup. Pour or spoon off excess fat and discard. Add the chicken broth to the roasting pan and place directly on a burner over medium heat. Add the pan drippings and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, and scraping up any browned bits, until the mixture is hot, about 2 minutes. Strain and pour into a gravy boat and season with salt and pepper. Carve the chicken and serve with the sauce., ingredients: [One 5to6pound roasting chicken, giblets removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, optional, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup apricot preserves, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, 1 cup chicken broth], title: Easy Apricot Glazed Chicken, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 29814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill pan over medium heat.nIn a large pot over medium heat, stir together the lager, chili sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, curry powder and hot sauce. Cook until reduced by half, 3 to 5 minutes.nWhile the sauce is reducing, grill the sausages on the grill pan until browned and cooked through, turning every so often, about 12 minutes. Set aside.nBrush the onions with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and grill on the same pan you grilled the sausages. Cook until brown and golden, about 10 minutes.nPut the grilled sausages in the pot with the sauce, then add the onions. Cook together for 1 to 2 minutes.nServe the sausages on crusty rolls topped with the onions and lots of sauce., ingredients: [One 12ounce can lager, 1 cup chili sauce, such as Heinz, 14 cup malt vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 8 spicy beef or pork sausages, 2 white onions, thickly sliced, Olive oil, for grilling, Pinch of kosher salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, Crusty rolls, for serving], title: Spicy Sausage Dogs, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 29815: {instructions: For the turkey: In a 4 or 5quart saucepan, combine the chicken broth, soy sauce, orange juice, garlic and ginger. Add the turkey, breastside down, and bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pan and cook until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 165 degrees F, 45 to 50 minutes. Let the turkey cool for 20 minutes. Using 2 forks, shred the meat into 2inch pieces.nFor the wontons: In a heavy, medium saucepan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread should brown in about 4 minutes. Add the wontons and fry until golden, 30 to 45 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Set aside.nFor the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together the grapeseed oil, soy sauce, vinegar, maple syrup, orange juice, sesame seeds, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper until smooth. Season with additional salt and pepper, if needed.nFor the salad: In a large salad bowl, toss together the almonds, romaine, iceberg lettuce, Napa cabbage, scallions and bell pepper. Add the dressing and the shredded turkey and toss until coated. Garnish with the fried wontons and serve., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup orange juice, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped, One 3 to 3 12pound bonein, skinless turkey halfbreast, 2 cups vegetable oil, 10 wonton wrappers, cut into 12inchwide strips, 13 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted see Cooks Note, One 1pound head romaine, torn into 1inch pieces, 12 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 12 head Napa cabbage 8 ounces, shredded, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeds and ribs removed, cut into 14inchthick strips], title: Chinese Turkey Salad, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 29816: {instructions: Mix flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg and salt in large bowl. Set aside. Beat butter and brown sugar in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add molasses, egg and vanilla beat well. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed until well mixed. Press dough into a thick flat disk. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Shape dough into 1inch balls. Roll in granulated sugar to coat. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets.nBake 8 to 10 minutes or until edges of cookies just begin to brown. Remove to wire racks cool completely.nMeanwhile, for the Lemon Cru00e8me, mix marshmallow cream, butter, cream cheese and lemon extract in medium bowl until well blended. To assemble whoopie pies, place about 1 tablespoon filling on the flat side of 1 cookie. Top with a second cookie, pressing gently to spread the filling. Repeat with remaining cookies. Roll edge of cookies in crushed candy. Store whoopie pies between layers of wax paper in airtight container in refrigerator up to 5 days., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 2 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Ginger, Ground, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Nutmeg, Ground, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, softened, 34 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 jar 7 ounces marshmallow cream, 14 cup 12 stick butter, softened, 4 ounces 12 package cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Lemon Extract, 1 cup crushed peppermint candies see Cooks Note], title: Gingerbread Whoopie Pies with Lemon Cru00e8me, picturelink: Rxptg2FQHPh5EiKjkcEDgZbLu0givG}, 29817: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Stir in food coloring, if desired. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Cool slightly.nUsing buttered hands shape cereal mixture into eight spiders. Cool. Decorate with frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, food coloring, 6 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, canned frosting or decorating gel, assorted candies], title: Itsy, Bitsy, Spooky Spider Treats TM, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 29818: {instructions: Combine flour, oatmeal and both sugars in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse to mix well. Add the butter to the bowl, replace the top and pulse the machine to incorporate the butter. Work quickly and use short pulses to make a dry, loose, fluffy mixture resembling sand. Do not allow the butter to soften or make a dough. Transfer the streusel to a small bowl and add the nuts and coconut. Toss by hand to mix well. Reserve until needed.nMANGO MACADAMIA NUT CRISP: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place the diced mango and the grated ginger in a saucepan and place over medium low heat. Cook mango slowly, stirring until it releases its juice and begins to simmer, about 5 to 7 minutes. Simmer about 3 minutes more until mango is tender and juices are bubbly. Remove mango pieces with a slotted spoon to a small bowl. Leave mango juice in pan and bring to a boil. Stirring constantly, boil the mango juice until it is reduced by 34 and is syrupy. Scrape syrup into bowl with mango and add brown sugar and honey. Stir gently to combine. Transfer mango to a lightly buttered 2 quart shallow bake pan a round 9 inch cake pan works as well. Sprinkle the Oatmeal Macadamia nut streusel over the mango filling, covering evenly. Place baking dish on a cookie sheet to catch any bubbling filling and place in the oven. Bake 2530 minutes until streusel is golden and the filling is bubbly. Cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [4 large mangos, peeled and diced, about 2 quarts, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated gingeroot, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup clover honey, 1 recipe oatmeal macadamia nut streusel recipe follows, 34 cup all purpose flour, 14 cup oatmeal, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup cold butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup chopped, toasted macadamia nuts, 14 cup toasted, flaked, unsweetened coconut optional], title: Mango Macadamia Nut Crisp, picturelink: null}, 29819: {instructions: Place 1 pound of crabmeat in bowl. The other 12 pound is used for garnishing Add all the remaining ingredients to crabmeat and mix thoroughly. Form the mixture into the shape of the top shell of a crab. Place on your serving dish. Spread cocktail sauce over crab. Sprinkle remaining crabmeat on top of cocktail sauce. Garnish with olives, crab claws and parsley. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Chesapeake Bay crabmeat, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 18 cup chopped onion, 14 cup chopped celery, 12 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, Garnishes: black olives used for eyes, crab claws, cocktail sauce spread over top shell, parsley place around the crab], title: Crab Mold, picturelink: null}, 29820: {instructions: In a ziptop bag, place skirt steak, beer, teriyaki sauce, brown sugar, and season mix. Push out air and seal. Shake to combine. Set aside.nIn another ziptop bag, add vegetables, oil, and vinegar. Push out air and seal. Shake to combine. Set aside.nPreheat grill. Grill vegetables to desired tenderness, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from grill and set aside. Grill steak approximately 3 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove from grill and let rest for 5 minutes. Thinly slice steak at an angle.nServe meat and vegetables piled on Hawaiian sweet rolls., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skirt steak, 12 cup beer, 14 cup teriyaki sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon black pepper season mix, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inch slices, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 12inch slices, 2 sweet onions, cut into 12inch slices, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Hawaiian sweet rolls], title: TeriyakiBeer Skirt Steak, picturelink: null}, 29821: {instructions: In a wooden bowl combine the sliced avocado and lime juice and mash the avocado with the back of a spoon. Add the garlic, mustard, vinegar, jalapeno and salt and combine the mixturenuntil creamy. Add half the olive oil and stir to incorporate.nAdd the Romaine lettuce leaves and coat them completely. Add the remaining olive oil by pouring in a very patient, slow, steady stream to produce a smooth, creaminess to the salad. Add the anchovies by mixing in evenly the chopped bits. Season with freshly ground black pepper to taste.nAdd the jack cheese and the grilled tortilla slices and toss the salad again to coat the greens evenly., ingredients: [1 head Romaine lettuce, cleaned of coarse outer leaves, torn by hand into bite size pieces, and carefully washed and dried, 12 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted and sliced, 1 lime juiced about 2 tablespoons, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded, chopped about 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2ounce can anchovy fillets, drained and finely chopped, Freshly ground pepper to taste, 14 cup freshly grated Monterey jack cheese, 4 flour tortillas, grilled and sliced], title: Better and Hotter Tijuana Caesar, picturelink: null}, 29822: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, spread 14 cup cheese thinly and evenly over the bottom to form a 7inch circle. Put the pan over medium heat and cook until the cheese is bubbling and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Put a small bowl upside down on a cutting board. When the bubbling stops, about 1 minute, carefully remove the disk with a thin metal spatula and drape it over the bowl. Press gently with the spatula so it forms a bowl. Be careful, as it is very fragile. Let cool.nRemove the Parmesan bowl, put it onto a plate, and fill with Caesar salad. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups grated Parmesan, 8 cups prepared Caesar salad, for serving], title: Crispy Parmesan Bowls, picturelink: t2RSH17pRvC83zJxhxkXL1QjTNVKEC}, 29823: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSubmerge the chicken strips in the buttermilk for 15 to 20 minutes or longer if youd like.nIn another bowl, combine the flour and seasoning salt or other seasonings if you prefer. Mix this together well. Next, gradually drizzle 14 to 12 cup of the buttermilk into the flour mixture and stir lightly with a fork as you add it to achieve clumps.nHeat about 1 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumlow to medium heat.nRemove a few of the buttermilksoaked chicken strips and place them in the flour mixture, turning them over to coat thoroughly. Place them on a plate. Continue coating the chicken strips until they are all ready to cook.nWhen the oil is sufficiently heated, begin cooking the strips a few at a time. Cook them for about a minute and a half or so on each side. When golden and crispy and the chicken is done, remove them to a papertowellined plate. Do not allow them to burn.nServe with your favorite dipping sauce. Yum, ingredients: [3 pounds raw chicken breast tenders, 14 to 12 cup buttermilk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 to 3 teaspoons seasoned salt, such as Lawrys Seasoned Salt, or spices of your choosing, Vegetable oil, Dipping sauce, for serving], title: Crispy Chicken Strips, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 29824: {instructions: Wash and scrub the potatoes with a vegetable brush. Put in a large pot, covered with 2 inches of water, over high heat. Bring to a boil then generously salt the water. Cook until the potatoes can be pierced easily with a knife, about 20 minutes. Drain and return to the pot.nIn a small saucepan, over low heat, heat the cream with butter until the butter is just melted. Using a potato masher, smash potatoes to break them up. Add the cream and butter mixture and continue to smash to desired consistency. Stir in the chives and season with more salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, Salt, 12 cup butter, 1 cup light cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 29825: {instructions: In a large container, pour in 1 bottle of wine and add the capon. Refrigerate, covered, for 24 hours.nHeat 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the capon from the marinade, and reserve the marinade. Add the capon parts to the skillet and sear on all sides, about 5 minutes per side. About halfway through the searing process add the chopped bacon.nPut the capon marinade in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Stir in the onion, thyme, bay leaves, carrots and garlic. Add the seared capon and bacon and pour in the remaining half bottle of wine to cover the capon. Partially cover the pot with a lid and let simmer for 45 minutes.nAdd the chopped mushrooms and potatoes to the Dutch oven and let simmer for another 10 minutes. Add the roux, stir to combine and let simmer for another 10 minutes. Transfer to a large serving bowl and serve.nFor Roux:nIn a small pot, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the flour and cook until thick and light brown in color. Whisk in about 1 cup of the simmering wine and stir until incorporated., ingredients: [1 12 bottles French red wine, divided, 1 capon or chicken 4 pounds, cut into serving pieces, 6 tablespoons butter, divided, 6 strips bacon, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 bay leaves, 3 carrots, chopped into 1inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 medium red potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 8ounce package white mushroom, sliced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Guys Coq Au Vin, picturelink: null}, 29826: {instructions: Take the turkey out of the refrigerator and leave it to come to room temperature, about 30 minutes prior to preparing and cooking. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, add the 12 cup softened butter, lemon zest and chopped chives. Halve the lemons and squeeze the juice of 1 lemon half into the butter. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nPrepare the turkey: Remove the inner packet of giblets from the cavity and set aside.nRun your fingers underneath the skin of the breast to make a little pocket between the skin and the flesh. Using your fingers, scoop up some of the lemonchive butter and push the butter under the skin, filling up the pockets. Do the same thing on the legs. Once each pocket has been filled, take the rest of the butter and rub it all over the outside of the bird. Sprinkle about a tablespoon and a half of coarse salt on top.nInsert the halved lemons, orange and grapefruit into the cavity of the turkey. Insert as much of the citrus as you can. Give each piece a little squeeze as you insert them to get the juices distributed. You may have to leave some out depending on the size of the cavity. Use any extra citrus for garnish later.nRemove the giblets from the packet, rinse and pat dry. Place the giblets on the bottom of a large roasting pan. Place the turkey on top of the giblets. Tuck the wings under the turkey.nPlace the turkey in a preheated oven and cook for 30 minutes. Then, turn down the heat to 350 degrees F and roast for about another 2 hours, until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 175 to 180 degrees F. The general rule is to cook a turkey about 15 minutes per pound.nRemove the bird from the pan onto a carving board or platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Allow it to rest for 15 minutes before carving.nPlace the roasting pan over low heat on the stovetop. Add white wine and deglaze the pan, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Pour in the chicken stock. Whisk the cornstarch into it. Add the remaining tablespoon of butter and the Dijon mustard. Whisk well to combine. Strain the gravy into a small saucepan and simmer over low heat until thick and smooth, about 8 minutes.nBring your turkey to room temperature to ensure that the bird will cook evenly.nStuffing a turkey with fruit keep the bird moist and acts as a secondary cooking agent. As the juice of the fruit steams inside the cavity, it helps cook the bird from the inside. The juices also help to flavor the pan juices used for making the gravy.nStuffing butter between the skin and the flesh, keep the meat moist and flavorful. The butter and salt on the outside help create a tasty, crispy skin.nI like to use the giblets as a platform for the bird. It stops the bottom of the bird from burning and adds flavor to the pan juices.nA good rule for roasting times is to plan on roasting a turkey for about 15 minutes per pound.nA meat thermometer is the best tool for figuring out if your turkey is fully cooked., ingredients: [1 12pound turkey, with giblets see cooking notes at bottom of recipe, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, softened, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 lemons, zested, 12 cup chopped chives, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small orange, halved, 1 small grapefruit, halved, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Perfect Citrus Turkey and Gravy, picturelink: ZUFfwz8PLVEqYbkckS9BfPvNm5NxANG}, 29827: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients together in a bowl. Best if the salsa is made the same day it will be served., ingredients: [1 cup peeled, seeded, and diced tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 1 scallion, finely chopped, Salt and black pepper], title: Chilean Salsa for BBQ: Pebre, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 29828: {}, 29829: {instructions: Special equipment: jellyroll pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Dust a large sheet of aluminum foil with confectioners sugar.nGrease a jellyroll pan with butter, and then line the bottom with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, mix the boxed cake mix with the oil, 1 cup water and eggs and until well blended. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and spread evenly. Bake until a fork or toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 20 minutes. While the cake is still hot, run a knife along the edges to release it from the pan. Immediately invert the cake onto the prepared sheet of aluminum foil. Let cool.nSpread the cake with the red raspberry preserves and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, scald the heavy whipping cream. Remove from the heat and add the dark chocolate. Stir until all of the chocolate is melted. Let the mixture stand until spreadable. Spread over the cake. Immediately after, begin to roll up the cake starting at the long edge and use the foil to help roll and tighten the cake. Wrap the rolled cake tightly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, 2 to 3 hours.nTo serve unwrap and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Butter, for greasing, 1 box dark chocolate cake mix, 34 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 1 jar seedless red raspberry preserves, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 8 ounces dark chocolate, finely chopped], title: Dark Chocolate Log Roll, picturelink: h6OxaHICJAG7EF5WLpRT2mHEnu7XsVG}, 29830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out the puff pastry dough on a lightly floured surface to form a rectangle less than 14inch thick. Place on top of a cookie sheet, lined with parchment paper. Brush dough with egg wash. Bake for 10 minutes.nCover baked dough with pesto. Add sliced tomatoes and mozzarella on top. Bake for another 5 minutes or until cheese melts., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry, Flour, Egg wash, 12 cup pesto, 1 tomato, sliced, 12 pound mozzarella cheese, sliced], title: The Neelys Caprese Tart, picturelink: bBIpb8sBDjPwjLY3EIJyTP62hfbj6}, 29831: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, onion, and garlic and cook until the vegetables are softened a little browning is okay. Add the curry powder, turmeric, and bay leaves and stir until the vegetables become pasty and coated with the spices. Add the stock and thyme. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer the curry broth for 1 hour.nHeat the oil in a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Sear the cod pieces until one side is crispy. Pour 2 cups of the curry broth into the pan, reduce the heat, and simmer until the fish is cooked through.nMeasure the remaining curry broth in a liquid measure and add enough water to come to 3 cups. Pour the liquid into a saucepan and add the rice and raisins. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for 20 minutes.nTo serve, make a bed of rice in a soup plate, set a piece of fish on top, and spoon in some of the broth., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 red onion, roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons ground turmeric, 2 bay leaves, 4 cups chicken stock, 5 sprigs thyme, 2 tablespoons canola or rice bran oil, 1 3pound cod fillet from the thickest part of the fillet, cut into 5ounce pieces, 1 12 cups basmati rice, 14 cup raisins], title: Curried Cod with Geel Rys Yellow Rice with Raisins, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 29832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTop half of the cookies with chocolatehazelnut spread. Top with a second cookie to make a sandwich., ingredients: [8 homemade or store bought cookies, 4 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread], title: ChocolateHazelnut Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: WooDYQjhhQQ1lYAuMWO6hzv1MCtAhNu}, 29833: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet or a 5 12 to 6quart stovetopsafe slow cooker insert over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and sausage and cook, turning occasionally, until brown all over, 7 to 8 minutes. Push the sausage to the side of the cooker. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until brick red, about 1 minute. Add 12 cup water and bring to a boil, stirring to scrape up the browned bits.nAdd the short ribs, Italian herbs, garlic, sundried tomatoes, crushed tomatoes, onions, bay leaf, 1 tablespoon salt and some pepper to the insert and put it into the slow cooker. If youre using a skillet, transfer the tomato mixture to the slow cooker at this point. Cover the cooker, set it on low and cook until the beef is very tender, 6 to 8 hours.nWhen ready to serve, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain.nTransfer the sausage and beef to a cutting board, slice into serving portions and arrange on a serving platter. Toss the pasta with some of the sauce and transfer to a serving bowl.nServe the meat and pasta with the Parmesan and remaining sauce on the side. Freeze any leftover sauce for up to 1 month., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds hot Italian sausage links, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 beef short ribs about 2 pounds, 2 teaspoons dried Italian herb mix, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 sundried tomatoes, preferably not oilpacked, Two 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound rigatoni or ziti, Freshly grated Parmesan or pecorino], title: SlowCooker Sunday Gravy, picturelink: Px2tT5oWe2QFbKgVdc685F24N2CxgS}, 29834: {instructions: Prepare the crab cakes: Pulse the bread in a food processor to make coarse crumbs spread out the crumbs on a sheet pan. In a large bowl, mix the crab, mayonnaise, egg yolk, celery and pickles. Form into 8 ovalshaped cakes. Dredge each crab cake in the breadcrumbs, coating them all over place on a plate and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nMake the sauce: In a small saucepan, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Stir in the flour, curry powder and paprika cook until the flour and spices lose their raw smell, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and milk. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, 5 minutes. Stir in the mustard and mustard seeds simmer to develop the flavors, about 5 more minutes. Whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter add 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFry the crab cakes: Melt the 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet. Add the crab cakes cook until browned on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook until evenly browned on all sides. Serve with the mustard sauce.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [6 slices white bread, crusts removed, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over for shells, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 large egg yolk, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped dill pickles, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, for frying, 1 tablespoon olive oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Crabmeat Cakes with Mustard Sauce, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 29835: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed skillet or castiron pan, heat enough oil to cover 12inch of the skillet over mediumhigh heat until it reaches 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a wire rack.nIn a large ziptop bag, add the drained Quick Pickles and flour and shake until well coated.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. In a shallow baking dish, add the panko, dill, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt. In batches, dip the floured pickle chips into the eggs and then into the panko, making sure they are fully coated with the seasoned breadcrumbs. Place the coated pickles on the prepared baking sheet until all the pickles are coated.nWorking in batches, fry the pickles until they are golden brown, 1 or 2 minutes, turning once. Drain the pickles on a paper towellined plate or another baking sheet lined with a wire rack. Sprinkle them with kosher salt as soon as they come out of the oil and serve immediately alongside some Buttermilk Ranch Dippin Sauce.nCooks Notes: Using a slotted spoon or a fish spatula will help you toss the pickles in the egg mixture. When frying, always drop the food into the oil away from your body and close to the surface of the hot oil.nIn a saucepot, combine the vinegar, sugar, salt, mustard seeds, coriander seeds, celery seeds, peppercorns, garlic, chile and 2 cups water and bring the mixture to a boil to dissolve the sugar and salt.nUsing a mandolin or sharp knife, slice the cucumbers 14inch thick and place in a large heatsafe bowl or container.nOnce the mixture boils, pour the liquid over the sliced cucumbers, making sure the cucumbers are submerged. Let the cucumbers sit in the liquid as it comes to room temperature, for about 20 minutes. Drain the pickles, reserving the liquid. Serve as is or fry em up To serve, add a little of the pickling juice right on top of the pickles.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together all of the ingredients until fully incorporated. Adjust the seasoning. The dressing can be stored in the refrigerator in a sealed container for up to a week., ingredients: [Canola oil or peanut oil, for frying, 3 cups Quick Pickles, recipe follows, drained, 1 cup flour, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup milk, 1 cup panko, pulsed in food processor, 1 teaspoon dried dill, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt, Buttermilk Ranch Dippin Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 34 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 red Fresno chile, split in half, 6 Kirby cucumbers about 2 pounds, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper], title: Fried Quick Pickles with Buttermilk Ranch Dippin Sauce, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 29836: {instructions: Bring 2 12 quarts of water to a boil in a pot. Add the penne, bring the water back to a boil, and boil the pasta over medium heat, uncovered, for about 8 minutes. The pasta should be al dente, firm to the bite. Drain the penne in a colander and rinse it under cold tap water until cool, and set aside.nHeat the butter and oil in a saucepan, and add the flour. Cook the mixture over medium heat for about 10 seconds, then add the milk, stir it in quickly with a whisk so the mixture doesnt scorch. Bring the mixture to a boil, and boil it for 10 seconds. Add the cheddar cheese, salt and pepper, mix well, then cook over low heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside.nWhen ready to finish the gratin, preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nMix the pasta with the cheddar sauce, and transfer the mixture to a 6cup gratin dish. Sprinkle the tomato on top of the pasta and sauce. Combine the Parmesan and paprika in a small bowl, and sprinkle the mixture on the pasta. Bake in a 400 degree oven for 30 minutes, until the gratin is bubbly and nicely browned on top. Serve immediately.nNote: If making the gratin at the last moment, and assembling it while the sauce and pasta are both hot, do not bake the gratin. Instead, place it under a hot broiler until golden brown on top., ingredients: [6 ounces penne pasta 2 14 cups, 1 12 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups milk, 4 12 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into 12inch dice 1 cup, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large tomato, 8 ounces, halved, seeded, and the flesh cut into 12inch dice 1 14 cups, 1 12 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon paprika], title: Penne au Gratin, picturelink: null}, 29837: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F180 degrees CnFor the pastry: Put the flour, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter pieces, and pinch with the fingers to create a crumb texture. Make a well in the middle, and add the eggs. Quickly work in the flour mixture to create dough. Do not overmix. Pat into a disk and refrigerate 15 minutes before rolling out. Fit into a 9inch tart pan.nFor the filling: Arrange the cherries in the crust. Beat the eggs with the sugar, and then stir in the creme fraiche and vanilla. Pour the custard over the cherries. Bake until set, about 25 minutes. Cool before serving., ingredients: [1 cup125 g flour, 14 cup55 g sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup110 g butter, cold, 2 egg yolks, 2 cups10 ounces cherries about 50 cherries, 3 eggs, 13 cup70 g sugar, 34 cup175 ml creme fraiche or sour cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Cherry Tart, picturelink: null}, 29838: {instructions: Combine the lime juice, tequila, Triple Sec, and pineapple juice. Fill a cocktail shaker 12way with ice and fill 23 full with the margarita mixture. Shake for 30 seconds and pour into glasses. Decorate with fresh pineapple slices and serve ice cold., ingredients: [2 cups lime juice, about 20 limes, 2 cups white tequila, 2 cups Triple Sec, 2 12 cups fresh pineapple juice, Fresh pineapple slices, for garnish], title: Pineapple Margarita, picturelink: KY5NqkRX6JnV0zXu6pReMGoEWNMheAC}, 29839: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor Chicken Wings:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the wings onto a nonstick baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes.nIn a large measuring cup whisk together orange marmalade, poultry seasoning and chili sauce and set aside.nRemove chicken from oven and turn oven to broil. Remove foil and pour sauce over top of wings making sure they are thoroughly coated. Place back in oven and broil for 5 minutes. Keep an eye on them to make sure the sauce does not burn.nFor Onion Rings:nCombine sliced onions and buttermilk in a large bowl. Toss to coat and let soak for 5 minutes.nPour oil into large skillet over medium heat and heat to 375 degrees F.nMix flour, cornmeal and paprika in a baking dish. Drain onion rings. Working in batches, add a few onion rings to flour mixture at time and turn to coat. Add to the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drain on a brown paper bag or paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve.nIf not serving immediately the rings can be held in a 250 degrees F oven for up to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken wings, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, 3 medium yellow onions, cut into 14inch slices, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 cups canola oil, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Spicy Sweet Sticky Wings with Crispy Rings, picturelink: zpshsJ8IiC9tkUITFEVuik47vau6y}, 29840: {instructions: To cook ravioli follow package directions. Slightly undercook ravioli. Drain ravioli. Lay ravioli on oiled sheet tray. In a large skillet, heat butter. Let brown slightly. Add ravioli. Saute until brown. Toss with 14 cup breadcrumbs and 4 tablespoons rosemary., ingredients: [1 box cheese ravioli, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup toasted breadcrumbs, 4 tablespoons rosemary, chopped], title: Toasty Cheese Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 29841: {instructions: Bring 2 quarts water to boil and add 1 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon red vinegar. Add mussels, octopus and prawns and boil 1 minute. Prawns should redden and mussels start to open. Add squid and crayfish and cook until squid is just translucent, about 1 minute. Drain everything and place in warm bowl. Add scallions, vinegar, olive oil, peppers, salt and pepper and mint and toss to coat. Add greens, toss again and serve warm with lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 mussels, scrubbed and rinsed, 12 baby octopus, boiled 45 minutes with a cork and cooled, 12 1620 prawns, peeled and deveined, 4 small squid, peeled and cleaned, whole, 12 crayfish, boiled and shelled, reserving the heads, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon hot red pepper, fresh, thinly sliced, 1 bunch mint, leaves removed, to yield 14 cup whole leaves, Salt and pepper, 2 cups wild bitter greens, washed and spun dry can substitute baby mustard mix, 2 lemons in wedges], title: Insalata Tiepida di Mare, picturelink: null}, 29842: {instructions: Finely grate the zest of one of the limes and add it to the bowl of a mini food processor. Squeeze in the juice of the lime and add the garlic, cilantro, coarsely chopped scallions, cumin and 1 teaspoon salt and pulse until roughly chopped. Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and 1 tablespoon water and continue to pulse until the mixture becomes a chunky sauce.nToss the halibut in a bowl with all but 1 tablespoon of the sauce and let marinate for 10 to 15 minutes while you prepare the cabbage and the sour cream.nIn a large bowl, toss the remaining 1 tablespoon cilantro sauce with the cabbage, finely chopped scallions, the juice of the second lime, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and 12 teaspoon kosher salt. In a small bowl, stir together the sour cream, the juice of the remaining lime and a pinch of salt.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add about half of the fish, so the pieces are in a single layer, and cook, turning, until the fish is just opaque and flakes easily with a fork, about 4 minutes. Transfer the fish to a plate and cook the remaining fish with the remaining oil. Divide the fish among the tortillas and top with cabbage. Serve with the sour cream and salsa verde on the side., ingredients: [3 limes, 2 cloves garlic, quartered, 1 small bunch cilantro, leaves and tender stems about 2 cups packed, 1 bunch scallions, half coarsely chopped and half finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound skinless halibut fillets, cut into 1inch chunks, 4 cups packed finely shredded savoy cabbage about 8 ounces, 23 cup sour cream, 8 to 12 corn tortillas, warmed, Prepared salsa verde, for serving], title: Halibut Fish Tacos with Cilantro Savoy Slaw, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 29843: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine chopped vegetables in a medium bowl. Place oil, vinegar, sugar, and Italian seasoning in a small plastic container with a lid. Secure lid and shake dressing vigorously for 1 minute. Pour dressing over salad and toss. Season salad with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 1 large red or green bell pepper, cut into bitesize chunks, 12 red onion, chopped, 12 European seedless cucumber, cut into bitesize chunks, 2 ribs celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 yellow squash, cut into bitesize pieces, 3 tablespoons to 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, a couple of glugs, 2 tablespoons about 2 splashes red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, Coarse salt and pepper], title: Vegetable Chunk Salad, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 29844: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nToss the tomatoes lightly with olive oil on a baking sheet. Spread them out into one layer and sprinkle generously with kosher salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until the tomatoes are soft.nTransfer the tomatoes to a serving bowl and sprinkle with basil leaves and sea salt. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 pints cherry tomatoes, mixed sizes and colors, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, Sea salt or fleur de sel], title: Roasted Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: pCWIF5wCfeKDZ8efFTaUSI2kNvHMYO.}, 29845: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice off and reserve the top 1 12 inches of the pumpkin. Scoop out the seeds and stringy pulp.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the bread and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 4 minutes transfer to a bowl. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the apples, brown sugar and raisins to the skillet and cook until the apples are crisptender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the rum, vanilla, cinnamon and a pinch of salt. Return the bread to the skillet.nPut the pumpkin in a small baking dish and fill the pumpkin with the apple mixture. Cover with the pumpkin top and add 1 inch of boiling water to the baking dish. Cover loosely with foil and bake until the pumpkin is tender, 2 hours to 2 hours, 30 minutes. Remove the foil and pumpkin top and return the stuffed pumpkin to the oven. Bake until the filling is lightly browned, about 10 more minutes. Transfer to a serving plate and drizzle with maple syrup. To serve, scrape the pumpkin flesh and stir into the apple mixture.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 2to3pound sugar pumpkin, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup cubed bread preferably from a baguette, 2 Gala apples, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon rum optional, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, Maple syrup, for drizzling], title: ApplePumpkin Brown Betty, picturelink: 9cF78KEAn5kIZklqI4O0tpyTBWFn.o2}, 29846: {instructions: Heat the milk in a small pot on medium heat until warm. Remove from the heat, add the chiles and soak for about 20 minutes. Transfer to a blender and process until smooth.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the chileseasoned milk the color will be red and cook slightly until thickened. Remove from the heat and stir in the cheese. Season with salt.nServe immediately with chicharrones, tortilla chips or pretzels., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 3 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 ounces shredded Queso Quesadilla or Monterrey Jack cheese, Salt, Serving suggestions: chicharrones, tortilla chips or pretzels], title: Guajillo Queso, picturelink: vt9nOZKpyP0Hmksi2.2QOkdejq.SCB2}, 29847: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the shallots, garlic, egg, cinnamon and nutmeg. With a wooden spoon, stir in the ground beef, orzo, ricotta and basil. Add the salt, pepper and 14 cup water and mix well.nBring the marinara to a simmer in a shallow 12inch skillet. Form the meat mixture into balls about 1 heaping tablespoon each. Drop the meatballs into the simmering sauce, cover the skillet and simmer for 15 minutes. Serve on small toothpicks or skewers., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large egg, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 pound ground beef chuck 80 percent lean, 14 cup orzo pasta, 12 cup wholemilk ricotta cheese, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 23.5ounce jar storebought marinara sauce], title: Ricotta and Cinnamon Meatballs, picturelink: cjHtv.Cx4.8lM.tuRZbVSNgQOmMqlqu}, 29848: {instructions: For the chutney: Preheat the grill to medium heat. Brush the tomato halves with grapeseed oil and place on the grill. Grill for just 1 minute to get a char and soften the tomatoes. Chop the tomatoes and add to a bowl. Stir in the shallot, thyme, parsley, and garlic. Drizzle in just enough olive oil to moisten the mixture. Season with salt.nFor the burger: In a bowl, blend the onions and beef and season with salt. Do not overmix, this will cause the burgers to be too tightly bound. Next, portion into 2 balls, create a pocket in the center of each ball, and fill each ball with half the cheese. Season the outside of the balls and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nFor the vegetables: In a bowl, mix the oil, vinegar, herbs, and garlic and add the vegetables. Allow the vegetables to marinate for 10 minutes. Grill over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes each side. Increase the heat to mediumhigh.nAfter resting the burgers, pat each burger flat into a 1 by 6inch patty. Grill over mediumhigh heat about 6 minutes on each side. The cheese should be still intact but not beginning to leak out.nGrill the brioche buns for just 1 minute. Stir the lemon juice into the mayonnaise.nSpread the lemon mayo on the bottom half of the buns, top with the burgers, some chutney, shredded romaine, and then the top of the buns. Spoon the chutney onto the burger, leaving the liquid in the bowl.nServe alongside the grilled vegetables., ingredients: [2 Roma tomatoes, halved, Grapeseed oil, 1 small shallot, diced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme,, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt, 1 tablespoon minced onion, 12 ounces ground beef, 8020 blend, Salt, 14 cup grated Gloucester chive cheese, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 large portabella mushroom, stem and gills removed, cut into 4 to 6 wedges, 1 medium zucchini, cut into thick slices on the bias, Salt, 2 brioche buns, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup shredded romaine hearts], title: Cheese and OnionStuffed Burger with Grilled Tomato Chutney and Marinated Vegetables, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 29849: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, with a paddle attachment cream the butter and lard together. Add the sugar and continue creaming. Add the eggs gradually and mix until well incorporated.nThen, add each ingredient one at a time and blend in. Turn batter out into a loaf pan best for doorstops lined with parchment paper. Bake 1 hour and 30 minutes, then reduce the heat to 300 degrees F and bake an additional 1 hour and 15 minutes.nLet cool in the pan. Wrap in plastic and let mature a few days. If you like, you can dip it or baste it with brandy, wrap it in cheesecloth, and store in a cool place for months maybe even decades., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 12 cup lard, 1 heaping cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, 1 14 cups wholemeal whole wheat flour, 1 14 cups selfrising flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 pounds mixed candied fruit, 1 lemon, zested, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 14 cup sherry, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 tablespoon milk], title: Fruit Cake, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 29850: {instructions: In a Dutch oven over medium heat, add the oil, onions, peppercorns and bay leaf. Add the sausage. Saute until the sausages begin to brown and the onions soften, about 5 minutes. Add the ale. Be sure to turn the sausages over and continue cooking, another 2 minutes. Cook on low for 20 minutes. Serve the bratwurst with the braised onions on crusty rolls with spicy mustard., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Vidalia onion, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 2 pounds bratwurst about 4 large links, 1 pint pilsner or ale beer, Crusty rolls, for serving, Spicy mustard, for serving], title: Beer Braised Brats Sandwich, picturelink: hhB44y.ckVR1tcPfj2qHGbic8oBd.EO}, 29851: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a medium bowl, combine 1 tablespoon olive oil, shrimp, u00bc teaspoon salt, u00bd teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon zest and 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Marinate for 10 minutes while grill is preheating.nGrill shrimp 2 minutes per side, reserve.nBring 4 quarts of water to a boil. Cook spaghetti per package instructions.nIn a large sautu00e9 pan, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil on medium heat, sautu00e9 kale until wilted. Add tomatoes, continue cooking until skin pops.nIn a small saucepan, combine 1 tablespoon lemon zest, u00bc cup plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, red onion and sauvignon blanc. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Continue cooking until 1 tablespoon of liquid remains. Add cream and return to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, continue cooking until reduced by half. Remove pan from heat and whisk in butter. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper if needed.nIn a large serving bowl, combine shrimp, pasta, kale mixture and cream sauce. Serve with the remaining wine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Carlini 100 Pure Olive Oil, divided, 1 pound Sea Queen Jumbo Easy Peel Raw Shrimp, thawed and peeled, u00bc teaspoon Stonemill Iodized Salt, plus additional to taste, u00bd teaspoon Stonemill Ground Black Pepper, plus additional to taste, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, divided about 2 lemons, u00bd cup lemon juice, divided about 3 lemons, 6.625 ounces Fit  Active Whole Grain Thin Spaghetti, 5 ounces SimplyNature Organic Baby Kale or SimplyNature Organic Baby Spinach, roughly chopped, 1 pint of grape tomatoes, halved, u00bd red onion, diced, u00bd cup Sunshine Bay Sauvignon Blanc, 1 cup Friendly Farms Heavy Cream, 2 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter, cubed and room temperature], title: Grilled Shrimp and Sautu00e9ed Kale in White Wine Cream Sauce, picturelink: BFnSOLoDDGQEHZWwemVQXIqowFUPJC}, 29852: {instructions: Line up 6 chilled champagne flutes. Add 1 shot of vodka to each flute, then add 1 shot of grapefruit juice. Top off each flute with the Prosecco and drop in the sugar cube., ingredients: [6 shots vodka, chilled, 6 shots pink grapefruit juice, chilled, 1 bottle Prosecco, chilled, 6 sugar cubes], title: Italian 88, picturelink: null}, 29853: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the oil in a medium ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, carrots and onions cook until tender and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the turkey and thyme, and continue to cook, breaking the turkey up with a spoon, until the turkey is cooked through and lightly browned. Stir in the ketchup and cook until lightly caramelized. Stir the broth and flour together in a small bowl until smooth, and then pour into the skillet. Cook until thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the peas and season with 14 teaspoon salt.nMeanwhile, place the potatoes in a medium pot and cover with cold salted water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until tender when pierced with a knife. Drain the potatoes and return to the pot over low heat. Stir the potatoes for a couple of minutes to dry them out. Add the milk, cheese and scallions, and mash until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nSwirl the mashed potatoes over the filling. Lightly mist with nonstick cooking spray and bake until the potatoes are lightly browned and the turkey filling is bubbly around the edges, 10 to 15 minutes.nPer serving: Calories: 290 Total Fat: 12 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 19 grams Total carbohydrates: 30 grams Sugar: 7 grams Fiber: 4 grams Cholesterol: 50 milligrams Sodium: 370 milligrams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 carrot, finely diced, 1 small onion, chopped, 8 ounces ground turkey, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth or stock, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound redskinned potatoes, cubed, 12 cup warm 2 milk, 13 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 scallion, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Individual Turkey Shepherds Pie, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 29854: {instructions: Whisk 1 part white wine vinegar with 3 parts olive oil, and salt and pepper. Toss with baby arugula, red onion slices, watermelon cubes, crumbled feta, nicoise olives and fresh oregano.nSee all 50 Simple Salads, ingredients: [], title: WatermelonFeta Salad, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 29855: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and chile flakes and cook until the onions soften, about 3 minutes. Add the orzo and white wine and cook until the wine is absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth, some salt and pepper and 2 cups water and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring often, until the orzo is tender and cooked through, about 20 minutes.nStir in the arugula, Parmesan and butter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, Pinch red chile flakes, 3 cups orzo, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 cups chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups chopped arugula, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Peppery Parmesan Orzo, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 29856: {instructions: Peel off the skin. Boil it.nChilli mixnAdd all chillies  grind it., ingredients: [1 chopped onion, 2 tomatoes, 4 grreen chillies], title: Tst, picturelink: null}, 29857: {instructions: Use cold tap water, as it is fresher, and let it run for a minute so that it will be aerated. If you like, you can use bottled water instead. Do not use warm tap water.nBoil water in kettle. If you are in a particularly cold climate, such as the North of England, add hot water to the tea pot until you are ready to pour in the boiling water, so that the tea pot will already be warm when you add the tea leaves.nPut 1 tablespoon of tea leaves in tea pot for 2 6ounce servings.nPour boiling water over tea leaves.nAllow to brew for 3  5 minutes, according to how much you will be cutting the tea with milk or cream. 5 minutes is only for tea that you intend to add a lot of milk or cream to. 3 minutes will allow the tea leaves to reach their optimum flavor, so it is considered the perfect brewing time.nCover with a tea cozy in order to keep the heat in the pot., ingredients: [Tea], title: To Make a Perfect Cup of Tea, picturelink: null}, 29858: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients, except for the tapioca, in a saucepan over medium heat to extract the juices, and then cook until the rhubarb is al dente. Add the starch and simmer until the compote thickens. Remove from the heat and transfer to a hotel pan to cool. Serve with Streusel.nStreusel:n1 cup buttern1 cup sugarn2 cups allpurpose flournPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCream together the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl. Add flour, combine until pebbly.nPress together in your hand. Break off pieces and bake until golden brown, ingredients: [1 cup chopped rhubarb, 3 ounces sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 star anise, 1 vanilla bean, halved and scraped, 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, 12 ounces strawberries, cut into cubes, 2 ounces tapioca starch, Streusel, recipe follows], title: Rhubarb Compote, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 29859: {instructions: For the tomato sauce: Cook the ground sirloin in a pan over medium heat until it is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large pan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and half the onion and saute, about 8 minutes. Drain and set aside.nCombine the tomatoes, garlic and remaining onion in a blender and pulse until the mixture is smooth. Transfer to a large stock pot over medium heat. Add the sugar, crushed red pepper, salt, basil, sirloin and mushroom mixture. Bring to a boil and simmer until slightly thickened. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, combine the ricotta and eggs with a spoon. Add the Parmesan, parsley and pepper, and mix well. Set aside.nFor the manicotti crepes: In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour and egg. Add the milk and 14 cup water and combine.nSpray a nonstick pan with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Pour or scoop 2 to 4 tablespoons batter into the pan. Tilt the pan in a circular motion so that the batter coats the bottom of the pan evenly. Cook the crepe until the bottom is a light brown, about 2 minutes. Loosen with a rubber spatula, flip over and cook the other side. Repeat this process with the rest of the batter. Set crepes aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFill the crepes: Place 2 to 3 tablespoons of the ricotta filling in the middle of each crepe and roll up. Place the crepes, seamside down, in an 11by17inch baking dish. Cover the crepes with tomato sauce then sprinkle with a thin layer of Parmesan. Bake until bubbly, about 45 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound ground sirloin, 2 teaspoons oil, 1 cup mushrooms, 1 onion, medium dice, Two 16ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 4 cloves garlic, 3 teaspoons granulated sugar, Pinch crushed red pepper, Pinch of kosher salt, 4 fresh basil leaves, 1 pint partskimmed ricotta cheese, 2 large eggs, beaten, 34 cup Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, 14 cup water, 1 cup skim milk, Cooking spray], title: Manicotti, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 29860: {instructions: Saute the garlic, onion and ginger in hot oil. Add chicken and cook until browned. Add fish sauce and water. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until chicken is tender, about 30 minutes. Add papaya and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add pepper leaves and cover. Let simmer for 23 minutes. Remove from heat. Salt to taste., ingredients: [2 tbsp vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tbsp ginger, chopped, 34 lb chicken, cut in pieces, 2 tbsp patis fish sauce, 4 cups water, 1 green papaya, peeled and cubed, 1 12 cups pepper leaves or spinach], title: Chicken Tinola, picturelink: null}, 29861: {instructions: For the pulled pork slider: Marinate the pork in the orange juice, lemon juice and garlic in a baking dish in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 280 degrees F. Remove the pork from the marinade, transfer to a baking dish and cover with foil. Roast until tender and falling apart, about 4 hours. Let cool until cool enough to handle. Shred the meat with 2 forks.nHeat the shredded pork with the barbecue sauce in a saucepan over low heat until warmed through.nFor the green cabbage slaw: Toss the cabbage with the vinegar, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Let sit for 20 minutes in the refrigerator.nToast the bun with the butter. Make a sandwich with the bun, pulled pork mixture, green cabbage slaw and basil., ingredients: [3 ounces pork shoulder, 2 ounces orange juice, Juice of 12 lemon, 3 cloves garlic, 12 ounce barbecue sauce, 1 slider bun, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 fresh basil leaves, 12 ounce green cabbage, sliced thin, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt], title: Pulled Pork Slider with Green Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: k.sqqzn.4YlhY1jca6iyUAQtOtLW0RS}, 29862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill.nRub the pieces of provolone all over with the olive oil and season with the rest of the ingredients. Let marinate refrigerated for 1 hour. Grill the cheese on the hot grill over moderatelyhigh heat for about 2 minutes per side until grill marks appear and the cheese just begins to soften.nTransfer the cheese to a metal plate or baking dish on top of the grill. Cook until the cheese just barely starts to melt and begins to brown on the bottom, about 3 to 5 minutes.nServe hot with crusty bread or grilled bread slices., ingredients: [2 pieces provolone cheese about 1 12pounds total, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon chili flakes, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly minced parsley leaves, Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated and Grilled Provolone, picturelink: m1w2hj9beZ1ZFSoQKdxYRD6bviytwcS}, 29863: {instructions: Heat the chicken broth in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat.nTurn off the heat and steep the saffron in the broth for at least 1 hour and up to 12 hours before using. Prepare an open fire, if possible, or heat a large castiron skillet over high heat.nAdd enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the skillet. Brown the chicken thighs, skinside down, and then flip and add the chorizo, pork loin roast, ham and onions. Let it all cook for about 20 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 10 minutes.nAdd the saffron chicken broth, tomatoes, pepper flakes and rosemary. Let it cook down and reduce for 30 minutes on high heat. Add the rice, olives and peas, spreading the rice evenly throughout the pan, moving the chicken thighs to make sure the rice is completely submerged. Cook, without stirring, until the rice is al dente, 30 minutes. Reduce the heat by moving the fire away from the pan so the heat is focused around the edges. Be careful not to burn the center.nMeanwhile, slowly add the clams and mussels into the rice 10 minutes before its finished cooking. Towards the end, the layer on the bottom of the paella, the socarrat, starts to form, which is the crusty caramelized layer on the bottom. Check the socarrat with your spoon to make sure it isnt burning.nAdd the asparagus, grilled prawns and artichoke hearts. Garnish with the roasted red peppers, lemon slices and parsley. Remove the pan from the heat, cover with tin foil and let rest for 15 minutes. Serve. Enough for everyone, and their neighbors., ingredients: [1 gallon 10 cups chicken broth, 110 ounce saffron, About 1 cup olive oil, 16 pounds chicken thighs, 5 pounds Spanish chorizo, cut into 12inch slices, 2 12 pounds pork loin roast, chopped, 2 pounds Serrano ham, diced, 7 white onions, chopped, 2 12 heads garlic, minced, 80 ounces canned fireroasted diced tomatoes, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, tied in a bundle, 18 cups Bomba rice, 2 jars Spanish olives, 2 bags frozen green peas, 4 pounds clams, 2 pounds mussels, 3 12 pounds cooked asparagus, 3 pounds grilled Gulf prawns, 2 pounds frozen artichoke hearts, 2 jars roasted red peppers, for garnish, Lemon slices, for garnish, 1 bunch parsley, chopped, for garnish], title: Paella del Reyes Combination Paella, picturelink: null}, 29864: {instructions: Soak ancho chile in 1 cup of hot water for 30 minutes.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh.nPlace ancho chile and soaking water, garlic, honey, and salt in a blender. Cover and puree until smooth.nPlace quail, breast side down, on preheated grill for 3 to 4 minutes or until skin is browned. Turn quail over and baste generously with pureed sauce. Cook for another 3 to 4 minutes.nPlace quail on a cooler part of grill until finished cooking. Turn quail and baste after 1 minute, then turn over and baste again. The quail is finished when its juices run clear., ingredients: [1 dried ancho chile, About 12 semiboneless quail 1 or 2 per person, 1 cup hot water, 1 chopped garlic clove, 18 cup honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Ancho Chile Honey Basted Quail, picturelink: null}, 29865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGenerously salt the cabbage and drain in colander for 3 hours. Rinse thoroughly and dry.nIn a separate bowl, combine all of the ingredients except the cabbage and carrot. Whisk to combine evenly. Toss the cabbage and carrot with the dressing.nYield: Preparation time: 3 hours and 30 minutes Easy of preparation: easy, ingredients: [12 head green cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 fluid ounces plain yogurt, 2 fluid ounces mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon pickle juice, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon chives, chopped, Kosher salt, as needed, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Coleslaw, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 29866: {instructions: Toast dry chiles on a grill, then soak all chiles in warm water for ten minutes. Remove them from the water and place them in a food processor with the oregano, white vinegar and chopped garlic. Season the turkey breast with salt and pepper. Rub it generously with the adobo and let marinade for one day.nMeanwhile cook the chorizo in a skillet for five minutes until fat has rendered. Add onion, carrot, celery and garlic. Cook for ten minutes until the vegetables have caramelized. Add crumbled cornbread, cilantro, chicken stock and salt and pepper. Make sure that the stuffing itself is not dry but at the same time that it is not too wet. Add chicken stock slowly and as needed. With a knife make a four inch pocket on the breast and insert stuffing.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees and place turkey breast on a sheet pan with a rack and cookor l and 12 hours or until the meat thermometer registers 180 degrees. Slice pieces and serve, ingredients: [A whole turkey breast, 1 pound of dried Guajillo chiles seeded and deveined, 1 pound of dried Pasilla chiles seeded and deveined, 1 pound of dried Ancho chiles seeded and deveined, 2 tablespoons of Mexican oregano, 12 cup of white vinegar, 12 cup of chopped garlic, 2 pounds of Mexican chorizo diced, 2 white onions chopped, 12 cup of chopped carrot, 12 cup of chopped celery, 2 I2 cup of crumbled cornbread, 12 cup of chicken stock, 1 tablespoon of chopped garlic, 12 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Adobo Rubbed Turkey Breast with Chorizo Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 29867: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl combine cole slaw mix and fruit set aside.nStir together poppy seed dressing and sour cream. Pour over slaw mix and toss. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 bag 16 ounces prewashed tricolor cole slaw mix recommended: Fresh Express, 1 8.25 ounce can mandarin oranges, drained, 1 8ounce pineapple chunks, drained, 12 cup poppy seed dressing recommended: Knotts, 12 cup organic sour cream], title: Poppy Seed Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 29868: {instructions: In a food processor or blender puree the mango until smooth and transfer it to a bowl. Add the lime juice, honey, and cinnamon to the mango puree and stir to combine. Chill until ready to assemble parfaits. To assemble parfaits: In parfait or stemmed glasses spoon a 1inchthick layer of yogurt, top with a layer of mango and repeat layering. Chill until ready to serve. Garnish with fresh mint leaves, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups diced mango about 2 pounds mangoes, peeled and cubed, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, or to taste, 18 to 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste, 2 cups vanilla yogurt, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish optional], title: Mango Parfait, picturelink: null}, 29869: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the bread, rub with cut garlic clove and place in a heated dry cast iron grill pan on the stove top. Cook until toasted, about 2 minutes. Flip and toast the other side, about 1 minute more.nSlather the bread with leftover cranberry sauce, top with crumbled blue cheese. Place in the oven until cheese melts and serve., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, cut in half, 12 loaf leftover bread, 34 cup cranberry sauce, 34 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Thank Goodness its Over Bruschetta, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 29870: {instructions: Carefully remove bones from lamb, except for the last shin bone. Scrape meat off bones. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan, add 14 cup clarified butter and onions, carrots, and leeks. Stir and add in bones and 2 cups cold water. Raise heat and bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and reduce by half. Season with sprig of parsley, bay leaves, and crystallized salt.nHeat small frying pan. Add bread crumbs and pour remaining butter on top. Cook gently. Add orange segments and continue to cook. Meanwhile, combine orange rind and 34 cup water in small pan and bring to a boil. Add arrowroot and sugar and reduce to low heat until it begins to thicken to a glaze. Transfer bread crumbs and orange segments to a mixing bowl. Season stuffing with Grand Marnier, salt, white pepper, and chopped parsley.nStuff lamb and close pouch with skewers, lacing up with string in between, like a big boot. Make shallow diagonal slashes over top of lamb. Season flour with salt and pepper. Dust lamb with flour. Place in baking dish and roast for 1 hour 40 minutes. Remove lamb from oven and place in a bain marie small baking dish set in a larger baking pan which is filled half way with water. Increase heat to 500 degrees F. and cook for another 15 minutes. Baste with orange glaze., ingredients: [5 pound leg of lamb, 12 cup clarified butter, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 medium carrot, chopped, 1 leek, chopped, 2 cups plus 34 cups cold water, 1 sprig parsley plus 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon crystallized salt, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 oranges, rinds peeled, piths removed, pulp segmented, 2 teaspoons arrowroot mixed with 14 cup water, 14 cup granulated sugar, 58 cup Grand Marnier, Allpurpose flour, to dust, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste], title: Gigot dAgneau Andrew, picturelink: null}, 29871: {instructions: Fill a tall glass with ice. Pour a shot of Campari over ice. Add 3 to 4 ounces grapefruit juice. Fill to top with ginger ale., ingredients: [1 shot Campari, Ice, 3 to 4 ounces grapefruit juice, Ginger ale], title: Campari Citrus Soda, picturelink: null}, 29872: {instructions: Heat the milk, 1 cup sugar and 12 cup orange juice concentrate in a saucepan over mediumlow heat until the sugar dissolves, stirring. Cool slightly. Its OK if the mixture curdles slightly.nWhisk the milk mixture, 2 tablespoons bourbon and the whole eggs and yolks in a large bowl fold in the bread. Cover and refrigerate until the liquid is absorbed, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Fold the chocolate chunks into the bread mixture. Spread evenly in the baking dish and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the remaining 12 cup sugar and cook, stirring, until lightly caramelized, 5 to 6 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 1 cup orange juice concentrate, 34 cup bourbon and the salt. Cook until thick, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the cream and simmer until the sauce coats a spoon, about 10 more minutes. Slice the bread pudding and drizzle with the sauce.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 12ounce can 112 cups frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons bourbon, 2 large eggs plus 6 egg yolks, 12 cups dayold challah bread cubes, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate chunks, Pinch of salt, 34 cup heavy cream], title: OrangeChocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: L3uNYYZUM.mkoVf4DX3jBfgXeZORq}, 29873: {instructions: In a mixing glass, add vanilla vodka, Turkish coffee, Raki and Torani and some ice. Shake 10 times and serve in a chilled martini glass. Drink would be nice on the rocks too., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vanilla vodka, 3 ounces Turkish coffee, 12 ounce Raki Turkish liquor like Ouzo or Sambuca but this is a little lighter., 14 ounce Torani Almond syrup, Ice], title: Turkish Martini, picturelink: Q.f4fQTHBOZrOaFmsTUzZ9ftWk4V3HC}, 29874: {instructions: With hands crush each bag of chips separately into a shallow dish. In another shallow dish, add 1 cup of flour and in another shallow dish beat 3 eggs. Dredge chicken strips in flour, then egg and finally into the crushed tortillas. Dredge half the chicken in the spicy chips and the other half into the blue corn chips. Transfer to plate. Sprinkle with Big Daddy seasoning.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add oil. Add chicken strips 1 at a time and panfry until golden and cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove from pan onto a plate and reserve.nIn a large bowl, toss together lettuce, field greens, beans, plum tomatoes, Cheddar, avocados, jalapenos and fresh cilantro. Top with cooked chicken and peppercorn dressing.nIn a large bowl, mix ingredients together., ingredients: [1 8ounce bag spicy chips recommended: Doritos, 1 8ounce bag blue corn tortilla chips, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, beaten, 4 bonelessskinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch strips, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons Big Daddy Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 head romaine lettuce, chopped, 2 cups field greens, 1 12ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups diced plum tomatoes, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 2 avocados, diced, 4 ounces sliced jalapeno, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 16ounce bottle peppercorn ranch dressing, 12 cup smokey paprika, 14 cup granulated onion powder, 14 cup granulated garlic powder, 3 tablespoons seasoned salt, 14 cup fresh cracked pepper, 12 cup kosher salt], title: Justins Chicken Tender Salad, picturelink: null}, 29875: {instructions: Scrub clams with a brush to remove sand.nHeat olive oil in a cast iron pan over medium heat. Add prosciutto and cook for 5 minutes or until browned. Add garlic and red pepper and cook 2 minutes. Add wine, lemon zest, butter, herbes de Provence, parsley and thyme. Bring to a boil. Add clams and cover. Stir occasionally. Cook for 6 minutes or until clams open.nGarnish with Parmesan. Serve as an appetizer in a bowl or serve as a main with pasta., ingredients: [3 pounds Manila clams Littleneck are fine as well, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 4 ounce of thick cut prosciutto found at deli counter, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup chardonnay, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 18 teaspoon Herbes de Provence, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped, Parmesan], title: Clams Valentino, picturelink: null}, 29876: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil, in a small saucepan over low heat and add the garlic, Italian seasoning and salt and pepper. Cook for 1 minute, then stir in the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Turn off the heat and stir in the basil.nRemove the pork meat from the bone and slice into large strips.nSpoon a layer of tomato sauce on each roll and top with sliced pork meat. Cover each with more tomato sauce, sprinkle evenly with Parmesan, then top with mozzarella. Put them on a sheet pan and broil until the cheese is bubbling and pork chop is heated through, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the broiler, arrange on serving plates and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon each salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 leftover pork chops from Fried Pork Chops recipe, 2 hoagie rolls, toasted, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup grated mozzarella], title: Round 2 Recipe  Pork Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 29877: {instructions: In a saucepan blanch garlic cloves in boiling water to cover for 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and peel. Sprinkle chicken inside and out with salt and pepper. Rub outside of chicken with butter and truss. Spread a flameproof baking dish with softened butter and arrange the chicken on 1 side. Roast in lower third of a preheated 425 degree for 10 minutes. Turn and roast, on the other side, basting, for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 375, turn breast side up and add garlic. Roast for 20 minutes more, or until juices run clear. Transfer chicken to platter stand for 5 minutes, remove truss strings. Transfer garlic to platter. Keep warm covered. Add 12 cup wine to pan and deglaze. Pour into saucepan and reduce to 2 tablespoons. Add 1 cup chicken stock and reduce to 12 cup. Remove pan from heat and swirl in tablespoons softened unsalted butter and add lemon juice to taste. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [40 unpeeled cloves of garlic  3 heads, 3 12 pound chicken, Salt and pepper, Softened butter, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Lemon juice, to taste, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Chicken with Forty Cloves of Garlic, picturelink: pjuVsrQxeXTD3JtpzB8Lk8Ham3WNyc6}, 29878: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8inch square glass or ceramic baking dishnBring 2 12 cups water to boil in a small saucepan. Add the sugar and stir until dissolved. Remove from the heat and stir in the espresso powder and coffee liqueur. Pour into a shallow bowl or dish and let cool completely.nBeat the mascarpone and confectioners sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed just until smooth and light do not over beat, or it will separate, about 20 seconds. Beat the cream on mediumhigh in a second bowl to form soft peaks. Fold 13 of the whipped cream into the mascarpone to lighten it, then gently fold in the remaining whipped cream.nWorking with a couple at a time, dip half the ladyfingers in the espresso mixture until moistened but not falling apart, about 5 seconds per side. Put them snugly in rows in the bottom of an 8by8inch glass or ceramic baking dish.nSpread half of the mascarpone mixture over the layer of ladyfingers and sprinkle with all of the chopped or shaved chocolate. Repeat soaking and layering with the remaining half of the ladyfingers. Spread the remaining mascarpone mixture smoothly over the top. Cover with plastic wrap and chill at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nTo serve, remove the plastic wrap and smooth the mascarpone cream layer again, if necessary. Dust the top of the tiramisu with cocoa powder. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 12 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, chilled, About 24 ladyfingers, 12 cup about 2 ounces finely chopped or shaved semisweet chocolate, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for garnish], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 29879: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSeparately wrap the beets tightly in double layers of foil with the vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil and thyme leaves, and season well with salt and pepper. Roast in the middle of the oven until tender, 1 to 1 12 hours. Unwrap the beets and allow to cool.nTo make the vinaigrette, whisk the lemon juice and shallots in a small bowl. Add the remaining olive oil in a steady stream. Season with salt and pepper.nWhen the beets are cool enough to handle, slip off the skins and discard. Separately cut the golden and red beets into 12inch dice and put in separate bowls. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the beets onto 6 salad plates. Toss the arugula with the vinaigrette to coat and gently mound on top of the beets. Crumble the goat cheese on top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large golden beets, 2 large red beets, 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 shallots, finely diced, 4 cups arugula, 4 ounces soft mild goat cheese], title: Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad with Summer Greens, picturelink: null}, 29880: {instructions: In a food processor, puree the chickpeas until smooth, adding water if necessary. In a bowl, stir in the tahini and salt. Stir in the lemon juice and the garlic cloves., ingredients: [2 cups canned chickpeas, 23 cup tahini, 1 teaspoon salt or to taste, Juice of 2 lemons, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and minced], title: Hummus, picturelink: null}, 29881: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, combine spinach, arugula, garlic, salt, walnuts, cheese, lemon juice, and water. Process until they form a paste. Gradually blend in olive oil, taste adjust seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, washed and trimmed, 1 bunch fresh arugula, washed and trimmed, 3 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons water, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Spinach and Arugula Pesto, picturelink: null}, 29882: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, adding the broccolini during the last 2 minutes of cooking. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage cook, breaking up the meat, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Remove the sausage to a plate using a slotted spoon.nAdd the flour to the drippings in the skillet cook, stirring, until incorporated, 1 minute. Whisk in the milk. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Whisk in the cream cheese until smooth, then stir in the cheddar, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt until melted and smooth, about 1 minute. Stir in the pasta and broccolini, sausage and pimientos.nPreheat the broiler. Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the microwave stir in the panko and sprinkle the mixture over the pasta. Broil until golden brown, about 3 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 1 bunch broccolini about 8 ounces, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 links sweet Italian chicken sausage about 212 ounces each, casings removed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups milk, 3 ounces cream cheese, 1 34 cups shredded cheddar cheese about 7 ounces, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 4ounce jar chopped pimientos, drained, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Pimiento Mac and Cheese with Chicken and Sausage, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 29883: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrain crabmeat, reserving liquid. In a small bowl, combine crabmeat, cheese, and Italian seasoning. Brush a wonton wrapper with the beaten egg. Place about 12 teaspoon crab mixture in the center, and fold wrapper diagonally to create a triangle. Press edges to seal. Transfer to a flourdusted baking sheet. Repeat until all of crab filling has been used this should make about 32 ravioli.nBring a large pot of salted water to boil. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, combine milk and reserved drained crab liquid over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in sauce, add butter, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring frequently, for 3 minutes. Keep sauce warm over low heat while you boil the ravioli. In batches of 8, drop ravioli into boiling water. Cook for 2 minutes, or until ravioli rise to the surface. With a slotted spoon, carefully transfer ravioli to sauce. Repeat until all ravioli are cooked. Divide ravioli equally among 8 plates. Sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 6ounce can lump crabmeat recommended: Bumble Bee, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 12ounce package wonton wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup milk, 1 1.3ounce package creamy tomato sauce mix recommended: Knorr, 2 tablespoons butter, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Crab Ravioli in Creamy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: .iwi85bDmJChRAI0gH9OsOgWgXOByW}, 29884: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 17inch sheet pan and line the bottom and sides with parchment or waxed paper.nSift together the 3 cups of sugar, the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Transfer to a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or use a hand mixer and blend briefly.nWhisk together the eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla extract in a medium bowl. Add to the dry ingredients and mix at low speed for 5 minutes. Gradually add the hot water, mixing at low speed just until combined. The batter will be quite thin.nPour the batter into the pan. Bake until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean a few crumbs are okay and the center feels firm to the touch, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan. Chill, covered, until ready to cut the cake.nWith the heart cutter, cut out hearts and place them on a sheet pan.nTo make the marshmallows: Combine the 14 cup water, the corn syrup, and the sugar in a saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Bring to a boil and boil to softball stage, or about 235 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form.nSprinkle the gelatin over the 2 tablespoons water and let dissolve. When the syrup reaches 235 degrees F, remove it from the heat, add the gelatin, and mix.nPour the syrup into the whipped egg whites. Add the vanilla and add a few drops of red food coloring to turn it pink and continue whipping until stiff.nWith a large plain tip in a pastry bag, pipe marshmallow on half the cake hearts to cover the surface entirely. Top with remaining cake hearts to form sandwiches. On top of the cakes, pipe 2 teardrops in a V meeting at the bottom to form a heart. Sprinkle the marshmallow lightly with red sugar., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 18 cups cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocessed, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups very hot water, 14 cup water, 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Red food coloring, Red sugar, for sprinkling, Equipment: 2 to 2 12inch heart cookie cutter], title: Chocolate Heart Throbs, picturelink: C7adFZZgERBrUX7essSVAJhuWnYcDS}, 29885: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a 4 to 5quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking then cook onion, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomato puree, salt, and pepper and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange bottom halves of bread loaves on a large baking sheet and tops on another large baking sheet, all with cut sides up. Spread 14 cup tomato sauce on each top and bottom. Divide chicken between bottom halves. Top each openfaced sandwich with 14 cup tomato sauce, 14 of the artichokes, 14 of the mozzarella, and sprinkle with some of the Parmesan.nBake openfaced sandwiches in lower third of oven until cheese melts, about 3 minutes. When cheese begins to melt, put tops of loaves in upper third of oven and bake until edges are golden, 3 to 4 minutes watch tops closely they burn easily. Put tops on bottoms to make sandwiches, then slice into serving pieces.nCooks note: Tomato sauce can be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat before using., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 28ounce cans whole tomatoes in puree, pureed in a blender until smooth, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon black pepper, 6 pounded, precooked breaded chicken breast halves from the deli counter, 4 12inchlong loaves Italian bread, halved lengthwise, 1 12ounce jar marinated artichokes, drained, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 12 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano 1 12 ounces], title: Chicken and Artichoke Parmesan Heros, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 29886: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, stir 12 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon together. Butter a tube pan well and liberally coat it with the cinnamon sugar.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. With the mixer running, slowly add the sugar and mix. Add the eggs and mix until the mixture is light and fluffy. Sift the sifted flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together. Working in batches, add them to the buttersugar mixture, alternating with dollops of sour cream. Pour the batter into the prepared pan.nMake the topping: In a medium bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. Add the pecans and mix. Sprinkle the mixture over the cake.nBake until risen and browned, about 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool in the pan then turn out. Serve in slices., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup pecans pieces], title: Pecan Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 29887: {instructions: Toppings: Mayonnaise, sliced ham, Swiss cheese, mustard and sliced picklesnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 20 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Cubano Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 29888: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners for a total of 40 cupcakes.nFor the apple filling: In a medium bowl, mix together the brown sugar, granulated sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg and apples. Set aside.nFor the applesauce cake batter: Cream together the granulated sugar, butter and oil in a large bowl. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Add the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt and beat until well mixed. Add the applesauce and vanilla and mix well.nFill the liners onethird full with the applesauce cake batter. Add some of the apple filling on top, and then add additional applesauce cake batter to cover the apple filling the liners should be twothirds full. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 16 to 19 minutes. Allow the cupcakes to cool completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: In a large bowl with an electric mixer, cream together the butter and goat cheese until light and smooth. Add the confectioners sugar 1 cup at a time and mix until fully incorporated. Add the vanilla bean paste and cinnamon and beat on high until light and fluffy.nUsing a piping bag, pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes., ingredients: [12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 large Granny Smith apples, julienned, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup canola oil, 4 eggs, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups nosugaradded applesauce, 2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 4 to 5 ounces unpasteurized goat cheese, 4 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Dorothys Applesauce Cupcake with Cinnamon Goat Cheese Frosting, picturelink: CZFP2g48emQAnorexZCVun9ztdm2P2e}, 29889: {}, 29890: {instructions: Season the ribs generously with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large heavy pot with a lid Dutch oven over high heat. Brown the ribs on all sides, in batches if necessary. Remove the ribs and pour off all but a couple tablespoons of the rendered fat.nReturn the pot to the stove, lower the heat to medium and saute the garlic and ginger for about 3 minutes. Add the ribs back to the pot. Add the beer and the vinegar. Stir and then cover and simmer for 2 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPour the hoisin sauce over the ribs, move the pot to the oven, and cook, uncovered, for 30 minutes.nRemove ribs and ginger from sauce. Strain fat from the top of the pot so that youre left with just the good stuff. Serve with Creamy Mashed Yukons and Sesame Snow Peas.nBoil potatoes until fork tender. Heat the butter and halfandhalf over medium heat until hot, but not boiling. Drain the potatoes, return them to the pot and mash with a hand masher. Add hot liquid to potatoes and whip with an electric hand mixer until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add chives and mix before serving.nRinse the peas and trim off the ends. In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the oils and heat. Add snow peas and saute until bright green, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds and toss., ingredients: [3 pounds beef short ribs, about 10 ribs, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 to 12 garlic cloves smashed, 1inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced into 14inch slices, 12 ounces good ale recommended: Bass, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 cup hoisin sauce, Creamy Mashed Yukons, recipe follows, Sesame Snow Peas, recipe follows, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 12 stick butter, melted, 1 cup halfandhalf, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch chives, chopped, 1 pound snow peas, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, Salt and pepper], title: Braised Hoisin Beer Short Ribs with Creamy Mashed Yukons and Sesame Snow Peas, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 29891: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes, getting lots of flavor in the bottom of the pot. Stir in the red pepper flakes and dried oregano cook and stir for another 30 seconds.nPour in the wine and whisk, scraping the bottom of the pot a bit as you go. Allow this to bubble up and reduce, cooking until the wine is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes, then the beans. Pour in the chicken broth. Stir to combine, bring to a simmer and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes. Sprinkle in salt and pepper to taste.nRinse the kale and tear it into chunks. Stir it into the soup itll shrink quite a bit, so dont be afraid when you first add it. Simmer the soup for another 5 minutes, tasting and adding salt and pepper or even more red pepper flakes as needed.nTransfer the soup to a large serving bowl. Add big, fat Parmesan shavings and garnish with torn basil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, diced, One 16ounce can tomato paste, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, plus more if desired, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 34 cup dry white wine, One 28ounce can whole or diced tomatoes, Three 14.5ounce cans great Northern beans, drained and rinsed, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch kale, plus more if desired, Fresh Parmesan shavings, for garnish, Plenty of torn fresh basil, for garnish], title: Tuscan Bean Soup, picturelink: PYgrMDBBZEyfbnJ6p463piAUMw1yWHK}, 29892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the custard: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place 4 6ounce ramekins in a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan. Fill a tea kettle or small saucepan with a spout with water and heat.nAdd the heavy cream and sugar to a medium saucepan and whisk to combine. Using a sharp paring knife, split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean using the back of the knife to prevent the pod from breaking. Add the seeds and bean to the saucepan. If any of the vanilla seeds get stuck to your fingers, grab some of your extra sugar and rub the sugar between your fingers over the saucepan to remove every last bit of vanilla seeds and let fall into the cream. Whisk over medium heat until the sugar dissolves, the vanilla seeds break up and the mixture comes to a simmer. Cover the pan, reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Strain into a large measuring cup or bowl with a spout and either discard the vanilla bean or reserve, dry out and add to your sugar bowlnPlace a medium bowl over some wet paper towels, or form a dish towel into a circle or wreath shape and nestle the bowl in the center. This will help act as your third hand or as a base to hold the bowl in place when you start tempering in your hot liquid. Separate the eggs, add the yolks to the bowl and whisk to combine. Reserve the egg whites for another use, or make meringues and store in an airtight container for a sweet treat anytime Gradually whisk in the hot cream mixture, making sure to scrape any remaining vanilla beans into the mixture as well. Return the custard to the measuring cup. Pour the custard into the ramekins, or use either a 4 or 6ounce ladle to help evenly distribute. Pour enough hot water from your tea kettle into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Carefully transfer the baking dish into the oven. Alternatively, to make sure none of the water from the pan ends up in the filled ramekins, you can place the pan with the ramekins in the oven, and then add the water to come halfway up the sides.nBake the custards until the center is set but still jiggles a bit when you gently shake the pan, 30 to 35 minutes. Carefully remove the ramekins from the water bath and set aside to cool to room temperature. Once at room temperature, place into the refrigerator to cool completely.nFor the brulee: Sprinkle 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar evenly over the tops of each custard, picking up the ramekin if needed. Position the flame of a bakers torch 1 to 2 inches above the surface of the custard and move the torch around in an even circle to melt and brown the sugar, moving from ramekin to ramekin. Do not allow the sugar to burn. You can even pick up and tilt the ramekin to help even out the caramelized sugar. If you dont have a bakers torch, place all the ramekins on a baking sheet and pop under the broiler. Watch the whole time, and rotate the baking sheet as needed until the sugar melts and browns evenly.nFor the berries: Combine the raspberries, sugar and lemon zest in a bowl. Let stand at room temperature at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour. When ready to serve, spoon the berry mixture atop the custards.nCooks Note: Creme brulee is super easy and you can infuse the cream with almost any flavor. If you like coffee, add a pinch or 2 of instant coffee granules to the cream. For a lavenderscented brulee, just steep a dash of lavender in the cream, then strain as usual.nPropane gas torches are highly flammable and should be kept away from heat, open flame, and prolonged exposure to sunlight. They should only be used in wellventilated areas. When lighting a propane gas torch, place the torch on a flat, steady surface, facing away from you. Light the match or lighter and then open the gas valve. Light the gas jet, and blow out the match. Always turn off the burner valve to finger tight when finished using the torch. Children should never use a propane gas torch without adult supervision., ingredients: [2 13 cups heavy cream, 23 cup sugar, plus more if needed, 1 vanilla bean, 6 eggs, 4 to 8 teaspoons sugar, divided, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Special equipment: 4 6ounce ramekins, a bakers torch], title: Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee with Raspberries, picturelink: tFRIyUbGMqNGEpQfUDUsHuVIQE9B9IW}, 29893: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nScrub the potatoes, prick them several times with a knife or fork, and bake them for 1 hour or until very soft when pierced with a knife. Remove from the oven and scoop out the insides as soon as they are cool enough to handle. Place the sweet potato meat into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and add the orange juice, cream, butter, brown sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Mix together until combined but not smooth and transfer to a baking dish.nBake the potatoes for 20 to 30 minutes, until heated through., ingredients: [4 pounds sweet potatoes about 6 large, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: YMaGmekpv2vUBE95Jb2Bi1ANsxkiny}, 29894: {instructions: Season ground chicken with salt and pepper in a medium sized bowl. Set aside.nMix together soy sauce, cornstarch and water. Carve the tops out of each tomato the part that connects the tomato to the vine.nBring 2 quarts of water to boil. While waiting for water to boil, prepare an ice bath. Place tofu into a serving dish. Heat in microwave for 1 minute. Drain off any excess liquid.nWhen water boils, place tomatoes into boiling water for 1 minute. Place immediately into ice bath. Let sit in ice bath for about 2 minutes. Remove and peel off skins. Then quarter the tomatoes.nHeat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in wok. Add garlic. When garlic starts to brown, add ground chicken. Break chicken into small bits with spoon or spatula. Cook until chicken begins to brown. Remove chicken from wok. Return wok back to mediumhigh heat. Add tomatoes. When tomatoes start to juice about 5 minutes, bring chicken back to wok. Turn heat to high. Make sure wok is as hot as possible and move meattomato mixture out to sides of wok forming a donut. Give the cornstarch sauce a couple of stirs before pouring it into the donut of the wok. Let it sit on the heat for about 10 seconds. Sauce should begin to boil and thicken. Stirfry for another minute. Pour mixture into serving dish over tofu.nServing suggestion: Jasmine rice., ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cold water, 4 vine tomatoes, 12 pound tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Asian Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 29895: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nForm pizza crust on pizza pan or cookie sheet. Top with duck or plum sauce  spread it around like you would pizza sauce. Sprinkle the pizza with some crushed red pepper flakes then top with cheese and peppers. Bake until golden and bubbly, 15 to 17 minutes.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Combine vegetable oil, soy sauce and peanut butter with hot sauce and grill seasoning. Use the microwave to loosen up peanut butter if it is too cold to blend into sauce, 10 seconds ought to do it. Add chicken and coat evenly with mixture. Let stand 10 minutes then grill chicken cutlets 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until firm. Slice chicken into very thin strips.nWhile chicken cooks, mix honey and vinegar and add the cucumber. Turn to coat evenly.nTop the hot, cooked pizza with chicken, scallions, sprouts and cilantro. Drain cucumbers and scatter over the pizza. Garnish pizza with peanuts, cut into 8 wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 pizza dough, any brand, 12 cup duck sauce or plum sauce, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 package 2 cups shredded provolone or Monterey Jack cheese, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 rounded tablespoonful peanut butter, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning eyeball it, 4 chicken breast cutlets, 12 pound, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or cider vinegar, 14 seedless cucumber, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 cup bean spouts, a couple of handfuls, Palm full cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup chopped peanuts, 2 ounces], title: Thai Chicken Pizza, picturelink: NAg7tKi5Xu3BNLEgZUORWKE7AaL5pnC}, 29896: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9by5inch standard loaf pan.nMake the cinnamon sugar: In a small bowl, mix together the sugar and cinnamonnMake the batter: In a large bowl, using an electric mixer at medium speed, beat the eggs until frothy, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar and vanilla, beating until smooth. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.nAdd the melted butter and sour cream to the eggandsugar mixture beat until well combined. At low speed, add the dry mixture to the wet mixture a spoonful at a time, beating just until smooth. Fold in the chocolate chips.nSpread half of the batter in the prepared pan and sprinkle evenly with about twothirds of the cinnamon sugar. Sprinkle with the walnuts. Top with the remaining batter, spreading evenly, then sprinkle with the remaining cinnamon sugar.nBake for 50 to 55 minutes or until a knife or skewer inserted in the center comes out clean., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 eggs, 23 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 1 13 cups sour cream, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cups roughly chopped walnuts], title: Sour Cream Chocolate Chip Nut Loaf, picturelink: NQkH0IPaQdFKWo4tId3GYhKExlUqjem}, 29897: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker mix the rum, passion fruit juice and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Add the grenadine, and lemon juice and stir to combine. Add the ice cubes and shake. Strain Hurricane into a cocktail glass. Garnish with orange and cherries., ingredients: [2 ounces amber rum, 14 cup passion fruit juice, or 1 tablespoon passion fruit syrup, 1 teaspoon superfine sugar, 12 teaspoon grenadine, Juice of 12 lime, Cherries and orange slice to garnish, Ice cubes], title: Hurricane, picturelink: null}, 29898: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3 cups oak or pecan wood chips, or 6 big chunks, soaked in cold water for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hoursnMix together all the spices in a bowl. Liberally rub the entire brisket with the spices, wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove the brisket from the refrigerator 1 hour before beginning the smoking process to take the chill off, and remove the plastic wrap.nGet your smoker running at 225 degrees F with hardwood charcoal and a few handfuls of soaked wood chips. This temperature should be maintained throughout the entire smoke. If you are using a grill: Set up the grill for indirect heat, banking the coals on one side of the grill and scattering the wood chips on top. Maintain the temperature at 225 degrees throughout the smoking process, adding chips as necessary, until you wrap the brisket in foil.nPlace the brisket fatside up on your smoker grate and close it up for the long smoke.nOpen your barbecue smoker every hour or 2 and spray the brisket liberally with apple juice to help keep the meat from drying out. Also keep apple juice in the water pan if you are using a water smoker.nWhen the internal temperature reaches 165 to 170 degrees, after about 4 hours, wrap the brisket in aluminum foil and continue to cook for another 3 12 to 4 12 hours. This little trick is a big help in getting the meat tender, especially for beginners. Figure that a brisket smoked at around 200 degrees will take about 1 12 hours per pound. The brisket is done when the internal temperature reaches 185 degrees F. Remove and let rest 20 minutes before slicing. Remove the foil from the brisket over a large pan or disposable pan and reserve the liquid. Cut off the brisket points and reserve for another use such as HoneyRum Pinto Beans with Burnt Ends. After the points are removed, look to see which way the grain runs and slice thinly across the grain. Smear some barbecue sauce on Grilled Texas Toast, top with brisket and Pickled Red Onions.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh. Heat the oil in a small saute pan and cook the garlic for 1 minute. Let cool slightly. Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper. Grill the bread until lightly golden brown on both sides. Remove from the grill and spread 1 side of each slice with some of the garlic butter.nBring the vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar and salt dissolves, about 1 minute. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool for 10 minutes. Add the onions and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon allspice, ground, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, ground, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, ground, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon smoked Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, One 8 to 10pound brisket, untrimmed, 2 cups apple juice in a spray bottle, Bobby Flay BBQ Sauce or your favorite BBQ sauce, heated, Texas Toast, recipe follows, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped to a paste, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 loaves good quality Pullman or pain de mie, sliced into 2inch thick slices, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, Kosher salt, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced], title: Smoked, Spice Rubbed, TexasStyle Brisket on Texas Toast, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 29899: {instructions: Mix in mixing glass, stirring well. Serve in iced cocktail glass., ingredients: [1 scoop crushed ice, 12 lime, juiced, 14ounce grapefruit juice, 14ounce maraschino, 1 12 ounces white rum], title: Ernest Hemingway Special, picturelink: null}, 29900: {instructions: Split the rolls and toast them lightly. Spread the bottom of the rolls with cranberry sauce and layer the radicchio, onion, walnuts and the turkey on top. Pour some of the warmed gravy on top of the meat and place the upper half of the roll on top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 sourdough sandwich rolls, 13 cup cranberry sauce, 1 small head radicchio, leaves separated and washed, 1 onion, sliced and caramelized or leftover glazed pearl onions, 13 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, 34 pound sliced turkey, 12 cup gravy, warmed], title: Thanksgiving in a Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 29901: {instructions: In large skillet or a wok heat the vegetable oil until hot. Add the shrimp, onion, carrot, cabbage and mushrooms and quickly stir fry while combining the ingredients. Add the pepper flakes, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar, adjust the seasoning and pour out onto a cookie sheet to cool. When the mixture is cool, begin making the potstickers. Lay out one wonton, brush the edge with water and put 1 teaspoon of the filling into the middle of the wonton. Fold the edge over on the diagonal to form a packet. Trim the edges to eliminate any square corners. Dust the finished potstickers with a light coating of cornstarch to prevent sticking before cooking. Potstickers may be frozen at this point.nUsing a bamboo steamer over a wok or pot, heat 1 cup of water to a boil. Place the potstickers in the oiled steamer basket and steam them until the dough becomes translucent, about 3 minutes. Remove from the basket and proceed to the skillet cooking process.nHeat a nonstick skillet with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil. When the pan is hot, add enough potstickers to cover the bottom of the pan, but do not crowd them. Cook both sides until well browned and crisp. Continue in this manner until all of the potstickers are cooked. Keep them warm in a low oven while finishing the last batches. Serve with sweet mustard dip.nSweet mustard dip:nCombine water, honey, vinegar, soy and mustard in a saucepan over low heat. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes to blend the flavors. Remove from the heat, let cool for several minutes until just warm and serve with potstickers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 pound raw shrimp, peeled, deveined and roughly chopped, 12 cup chopped white onion, 1 large carrot, finely chopped about 13 cup, 1 cup chopped green cabbage, 12 cup shiitake mushroom caps, thinly sliced and chopped, 12 teaspoon dry chili pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup low sodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 package wonton wrappers, preferably round, 14 cup water, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon low sodium soy sauce, 14 cup hot mustard], title: Shrimp and Vegetable Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 29902: {instructions: Make the French toast: Whisk the egg yolks, milk, vanilla, orange juice and zest, brown sugar, cinnamon, garam masala and a pinch of salt in a large glass baking dish.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Put a wire rack on a baking sheet and place in the oven.nSet a large skillet over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon butter. While the butter melts, prick a few holes on each side of a slice of bread with a fork. Lay it in the egg mixture and, using either a fork or your hands, push the bread into the egg mixture so the bread loosens up a little and soaks up the liquid. Flip and repeat.nUsing a slotted spatula or tongs, pick up the bread, allowing the excess egg mixture to drip off, and lay it in the hot pan. As the first side is cooking, 2 to 3 minutes, push chocolate chips and chopped dates into the soft, uncooked side of the bread. Be assertive Then flip and cook 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove and set on the rack in the oven to stay warm. Repeat with the remaining slices of bread, adding more butter to the pan if needed.nMeanwhile, make the syrup: Combine the maple syrup and bourbon. Warm it in the microwave, if you want. You can make the syrup the night before store in a jar in the fridge, then warm before serving.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [6 large egg yolks save the whites for your ultrahealthy breakfast tomorrow, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon garam masala, Kosher salt, Unsalted butter, for frying, 1 small loaf challah bread, sliced 1 inch thick, Small handful of semisweet chocolate chips, 4 dates, pitted and chopped, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon bourbon], title: Chocolate ChipDate French Toast, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 29903: {instructions: Put your chocolates in a big bowl. Put the sugar and 12 cup water in a saucepan and place over medium heat. Stir until the sugar dissolves and bring up to a boil. As soon that happens, stop stirring and let it boil until it turns an amber color, 8 to 10 minutes or so. If you think that it needs another stir, brush down the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush, and stir the entire mixture, picking up the pot itself by the handle, being careful not to touch the caramel or else it could crystallize. Once the mixture reaches that dark amber color, turn the heat down. Stand back from the pot and add the cream very slowly, stirring with a heatproof spatula. If you are nervous about the steam, wear a kitchen glove to protect your hand. Continue to stir until all is incorporated. Once the mixture is smooth, stir in the fine salt. Take off the heat and pour the caramel over the bowl of chocolate. Whisk to combine, making sure all the chocolate melts. Pop in the fridge for about 1 hour until completely chilled.nTake the frosting out of the fridge and beat it with a hand mixer just until it becomes spreadable. Add the butter in pieces and mix until its all combined. Pop back into the refrigerator for another hour.nPlace 1 cake layer on a cake platter, flatside up. You want the cake flatside up so when you get into it youll have nice and even layers. Evenly spread 2 cups of the frosting over the top. Sprinkle with sea salt flakes, then put the other cake layer on top, flatside up. Spread the rest of the frosting over the top and on the sides of the cake. Sprinkle the top with more salt flakes.nPut a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 9 by 2inch nonstick round cake pans. Line the bottom of each with a round of parchment paper, and then butter the paper.nSift the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt together onto parchment paper. With an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy, 4 or 5 minutes. Add your eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until completely incorporated before adding each additional egg. Mix in the chocolate and vanilla, making sure to combine really well. Turn the mixer to low and slowly add the dry ingredients, alternating with the buttermilk, in 3 batches, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Make sure to let it mix thoroughly.nPour half the batter in each pan and spread it evenly with a spatula or butter knife. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 25 minutes. Remove the pans to racks and allow the cakes to cool for 10 minutes or so. Loosen the edges of the cake from the pan with a knife, then turn them onto the racks. Remove the paper and let the cakes completely cool., ingredients: [18 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped, 10 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 12 tablespoon fine sea salt, 1 12 sticks room temperature unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 Chocolate Cake recipe, recipe follows, Sea salt flakes recommended: Maldon, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 eggs, at room temperature for 30 minutes, 13 cup semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups wellshaken buttermilk or 1 cup milk plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Salted Caramel Milk Chocolate Cake, picturelink: UJjEUrZYLg28SIshJtNLf0kiyMT6fMC}, 29904: {instructions: For the Chicken: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the spices in a medium bowl. Brush each poussin with oil and rub the spice mixture over the entire bird. In a hot large saute pan sear all sides of poussin, until golden. Place the birds on a rack over a baking sheet and roast the birds for 25 to 30 minutes, until just cooked through. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nFor the Mango Sauce: Place stock in a medium saucepan over high heat and reduce to 4 cups. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the onions and cook until soft. Add the roasted garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the mango, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the reduced stock and brown sugar and cook slowly over medium heat until the mango is very soft, and falling apart, 30 to 40 minutes. Place the mixture, in batches, in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain the mixture into a clean saucepan, whisk in the roasted garlic and cook for 10 to15 minutes until reduced and slightly thickened. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Plantains: Heat oil in a cast iron skillet to 365 degrees F. Fry the plantains in batches until golden brown. Remove them with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cinnamon, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons ground coriander, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon ground fennel seed, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon all spice, 1 teaspoon chile de arbol, 3 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Olive oil, 4 poussin, 1 12 pounds each, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 large ripe mango, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup light brown sugar, 6 cloves roasted garlic, smashed to a paste, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Fried Plantains, 4 green plantains, peeled and sliced on bias into 2inch pieces, 2 cups peanut oil, Salt], title: Roasted Poussin with Sixteen Spices with Caramelized MangoGarlic Sauce with Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 29905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTwo to three days before roasting: Begin thawing the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler kept at 38 degrees F.nCombine the broth, salt, sugar, peppercorns, allspice and ginger in a large stockpot and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat. Cool to room temperature and refrigerate the brine.nThe night before youd like to eat: Truss the legs of the turkey with kitchen twine if desired. Combine the brine, water and ice in a 5gallon bucket. Place the thawed turkey, with innards removed, breastside down in the brine. If necessary, weigh down the bird to ensure it is fully immersed, cover and refrigerate or place everything in a cooler. Turn the bird once halfway through brining.nDay of roasting: Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. Remove the bird from the brine and rinse inside and out with cold water. Discard the brine.nPlace the bird on a roasting rack inside a half sheet pan and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the bird with canola oil. Roast the bird on the lowest rack of the oven for 30 minutes.nWhile the bird is cooking, fold and shape a double thickness of aluminum foil into a closely fitting breastplate.nAfter 30 minutes, decrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, insert a probe thermometer into the thickest part of the breast and cook until the temperature reaches 155 degrees F. Use the breastplate at any point during cooking should the bird become too brown.nRest the bird, covered lightly with aluminum foil, for 15 to 30 minutes. Carve and serve., ingredients: [One 14 to 16pound frozen natural, young turkey, 1 gallon vegetable broth, homemade or canned, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup packed brown sugar, light or dark, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons allspice berries, 1 12 tablespoons candied ginger, chopped, 1 gallon water, iced, Ice, Canola oil, for roasting], title: Traditional Roast Turkey, picturelink: jTCxqG2RV8rmqYeAZVSs8yRc0eta}, 29906: {instructions: Run your finger up and down the center of the salmon feeling for any pin bones. Remove any that you find with a needlenosed pliers or tweezers. With a sharp knife cutting across the width of the salmon, divide it into 4 equal portions. Lightly salt the salmon and let sit a couple minutes this will help you get crispy skin.nHeat a 2count, about 2 tablespoons, of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until the oil is almost smoking. Season the salmon with pepper, and rub about 1 12 tablespoons butter on the skin side of each fillet. Add the salmon to the pan, skinside down. To get super crispy skin, cook the salmon almost to completion, about 6 minutes.nFlip the salmon and cook until flesh side is nicely seared, 1 to 2 minutes.nTransfer the salmon to a platter and serve with the Smashed Potatoes.nPut the potatoes into a large pot, cover them with cold water, and add a large pinch of salt. If theyre large, cut them in half. Bring to a boil and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain. Stick a fork into the potatoes, 1 at a time, lift them out of the colander and peel with a paring knife. Toss the potatoes into a bowl and roughly crush them. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil with the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts. Add the pearl onions, sugar, and lemon juice and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are browned, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the lemon slices, peas, and lemon zest and continue cooking until the peas are hot. Season with salt and pepper. Dump the vegetables over the potatoes in the bowl, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil add the parsley and dill and taste for salt and pepper. Scatter the watercress over the top, fold it in just until it wilts and call it a day., ingredients: [1 salmon fillet about 2 pounds, skin on, 1 12 to 2 inches thick, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, Smashed New Potatoes with Peas, Lemon, and Pearl Onions, recipe follows, 1 12 to 2 pounds red bliss potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 10ounce box frozen pearl onions, defrosted, Pinch sugar, Splash freshly squeezed lemon juice, 5 slices lemon, Two 10ounce boxes frozen peas, defrosted, 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 heaping tablespoons roughly chopped fresh dill, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed just above the rubber band], title: Salt and Pepper Salmon, picturelink: 1iF43Bk73ewqcKPeMmAlWuNYZIIJWOy}, 29907: {instructions: Cook 3 slices chopped thickcut bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 cup sliced celery, 4 chopped scallions, 34 teaspoon chili powder and 12 teaspoon kosher salt. Cook, stirring, 4 minutes. Add a 1pound package frozen blackeyed peas and 34 cup water. Reduce the heat to medium and warm through, 5 minutes. Top with chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Texas BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 29908: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat and stir in apples, raisins, and golden raisins. Saute for about 5 to 7 minutes until they begin to caramelize. Add pears, peaches, vanilla, cinnamon, and brown sugar and cook for 5 more minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIf phyllo was defrosted, make sure it is completely defrosted before handling it. Once removed from package, you will need to cover phyllo with waxed paper and a damp towel to prevent it from drying out. Working with 1 sheet at a time, lay out a dough sheet on a baking sheet and brush on butter. Lay another sheet on top and butter again, repeating for all the phyllo sheets, until you have a stack of 10. Start another stack of 10 on a separate baking sheet and butter in between each sheet in the same way.nFold cubed pound cake and bread crumbs into the fruit mixture. This will absorb enough of the moisture to prevent the phyllo from breaking down.nSpread the fruit mixture evenly over each stack of prepared phyllo and gently roll up the dough from the longest side, folding the ends shut as you go. Brush with egg wash and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake in oven until golden brown, about 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and cool completely.nServe at room temperature with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and warm caramel sauce., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 fresh Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and finely diced, 2 tablespoons raisins, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 1 16ounce can pears, welldrained and finely diced, 1 16ounce can peaches, welldrained and finely diced, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup brown sugar, 20 sheets phyllo dough based on 18 by 14inch sheets which are often sold in packs of 18 to 20 for thickness number 4, 1 cup melted butter, 1 small pound cake, defrosted, and cut into small cubes, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 or 2 eggs, lightly beaten, for egg wash, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 6ounce jar caramel sauce the kind used as an ice cream topping, warmed just before serving], title: Mock Fruit Strudel with Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 29909: {instructions: Cut the ling fillet into 1 12inch4 cm pieces, place in a bowl and set aside.nPut the white heads of the spring onions reserving the stalks and garlic in a mortar and pound to a paste. Add the turmeric, curry powder, yogurt, fish sauce, sugar, 2 tablespoons oil, and a 13 of the dill, roughly chopped, to the fish and mix well.nCover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nThinly slice 4 of the green spring onion stalks.nHeat a large frying pan over medium heat, add the remaining oil, then fry the fish fillets on one side for 30 seconds.nTurn the fillets over, add the fish stock and simmer for 3 to 5 minutes, until the fish is cooked through. Remove the fish and squeeze over the juice from the lemon.nMix the bean sprouts, sliced spring onion, remaining dill and vermicelli together.nPlace into bowls and spoon over the fish fillets and sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds, 4 ounces 1 kg ling fillets, 8 spring onions scallions, 4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons hot curry powder, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 4 ounces125 ml fish sauce, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 bunch fresh dill, 4 12 ounces 125 g rice vermicelli, cooked, 1 cup 250 ml fish stock, 1 lemon, 10 12 ounces 300 g bean sprouts], title: Fish Pan Fried with Turmeric and Dill: Cha Ca Hanoi, picturelink: null}, 29910: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, over a low flame, place the chopped bacon and cook until its crisp. Remove it from the pan, reserving the fat. Add the butter to it and saute the onions until translucent. Add the corn kernels, salt, and cayenne pepper and saute a few minutes more to cook the corn. Remove from the heat.nIn a bowl, whisk the eggs well then add the cream and milk and whisk some more until well combined. Add the pepper, nutmeg, Parmesan, and cornmeal and whisk to combine. Stir in the bacon, onion, and corn mixture and pour into a greased 6cup casserole dish. Bake at 375 degrees F for 1 hour. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup chopped bacon, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 4 ears sweet corn, kernels removed, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup yellow cornmeal], title: Sweet Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 29911: {instructions: Cream together the butter and sugar. Stir in molasses and egg. Add 1 cup of flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger and ground cloves and stir to combine. Add remaining flour 1 cup at a time. Chill dough in freezer for 15 minutes. Shape dough into 1inch balls and roll in sugar. Bake on greased cookie sheet at 375 degrees for 10 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup butter, unsalted and softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 egg, 2 14 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Ginger Snaps, picturelink: null}, 29912: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 29913: {instructions: Combine tomatoes, onion, and dressing, to taste, and toss to combine. Add avocado and gently mix, being careful not to break up the avocado too much. Place 1 coconut 12 in 6 bowls. Spoon the salad among the coconuts. Garnish with cilantro leaves.nCombine lime juice, vinegar, honey, cumin, cilantro, salt, and pepper in a bowl and whisk to combine. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the oil. Whisk until wellcombined. Reseason with salt and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [4 large ripe tomatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, LimeToasted CuminCilantro Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 large ripe Haas avocados, peeled, pitted and cut into 1inch chunks, 3 coconuts, halved and drained, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, lightly toasted and ground, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup canolaolive oil blend], title: TomatoAvocado Salad with LimeToasted CuminCilantro Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 29914: {instructions: Combine the flour, salt, cayenne and dulse granules. Dredge the fillets in the flour mixture and pat off excess. Dip lightly in beaten egg and then lightly coat with the dulse flakes and Panko, covering all sides. Do not make the crust too thick.nHeat the oil in a 12 inch stainless steel skillet. Saute the fillets on all sides for a total of 4 to 5 minutes for rare, 8 minutes for well done rare to medium is preferred for texture and color. Garnish with strips of crispy dulse and serve with the Jicama salad., ingredients: [4 to 5 ounce fillets of salmon at room temperature for 1 hour, 1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon fleur de sel or sea salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked dulse granules, 1 12 to 2 ounces dulse flakes, for coating, 12 cup Panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 egg, beaten, 14 to 13 cup olive oil, Strips of crispy dulse for garnish], title: Salmon in Sea Vegetable Crust with Lemon Dipping Sauce and Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 29915: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf youre using bay scallops, keep them whole. If youre using sea scallops, cut each 1 in half horizontally. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, toss with flour, and shake off the excess.nIn a very large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter over high heat until sizzling and add the scallops in 1 layer. Lower the heat to medium and allow the scallops to brown lightly on 1 side without moving them, then turn and brown lightly on the other side. This should take 3 to 4 minutes, total. Melt the rest of the butter in the pan with the scallops, then add the shallots, garlic, and parsley and saute for 2 more minutes, tossing the seasonings with the scallops. Add the wine, cook for 1 minute, and taste for seasoning. Serve hot with a squeeze of lemon juice., ingredients: [1 pound fresh bay or sea scallops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, divided, 12 cup chopped shallots 2 large, 1 garlic clove, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 lemon, cut in 12], title: Scallops Provencal, picturelink: Y3pxSaYNcyoJ3h.UqMpEXlYF7sdjkvq}, 29916: {instructions: In a medium skillet over moderate heat melt 2 tablespoons butter, add parsley and sliced beets. Warm through, season with salt and serve.nIn a second skillet, also over moderate heat, melt remaining butter, add onions and warm through. Add peas and cook 5 minutes. Season with salt and transfer to a serving dish.nIf your stovetop is too crowded when you find your pocketoftime to deal with the sides, feel free to use your microwave for either of these dishes, loosely covering beets or peas. Microwave on high, but check them every couple of minutes  youre just warming them through and melting the butter., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 cans sliced beets, 15 ounces, drained, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, defrosted, 2 boxes frozen baby peas, 10 ounces each, Salt], title: Buttered Beets and Peas with Onions: Two UKfavorite sides in under 10 minutes, picturelink: DDaw8M5R6l5QBT1xSY2gKTUoEcLYbsC}, 29917: {instructions: Heat a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and render until you have enough fat to saute the garlic and onions. Add the garlic and onions and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the pinch red pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper and cook for 1 minute more. Add the greens in handfuls, adding more as the greens start to wilt, tossing with tongs until all the greens are wilted down. Add the chicken stock and cover. Cook until the greens are tender, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 onion, sliced, Pinch red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 bunches dark leafy greens, such as kale, mustard greens, Swiss chard and collard greens, stemmed and inner ribs removed, leaves roughly chopped, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Smoked Braised Mixed Greens, picturelink: WCEGB0YdqHr4EtSGPYam5xhV1SwlC}, 29918: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. While whisking, slowly add the olive oil until the vinaigrette is emulsified. Set aside.nPlace the chicken breasts in a baking dish large enough to hold them in a single layer and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper on both sides. Pour half the marinade over the chicken, reserving the other half to use later. Allow the chicken to marinade for at least two hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the chicken for 35 to 40 minutes, or until cooked through. Remove the chicken from the oven and pour the remaining marinade over the top of the chicken. Cover the dish with aluminium foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup good olive oil, 2 chicken breasts, bonein and skinon], title: Chicken Marinade, picturelink: null}, 29919: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nScrape seeds from vanilla bean with a knife into a small bowl, discarding pod, and stir in sugar and cinnamon.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out pastry 18inch thick and cut out two 6by 5 12inch rectangles. Arrange pastry on a baking sheet and fold edges in on all sides to form 12inch borders, leaving corners unfolded. Form points at corners by twisting ends and pressing them gently onto baking sheet. On pastry arrange plum and apricot slices, overlapping them slightly, in rows and sprinkle with sugar mixture.nBake tarts in middle of oven until pastry is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool tarts on a rack and brush with jam.nServe tarts warm with ice cream., ingredients: [1inch piece vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch cinnamon, 12pound frozen puff pastry sheet, thawed, 2 plums, cut into 14inchthick slices, 2 fresh apricots, cut into 14inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons apricot jam, melted, strained, and kept warm, Vanilla ice cream as an accompaniment if desired], title: Plum and Apricot Puff Pastry Tarts, picturelink: null}, 29920: {instructions: Rinse the potatoes and put them in a large saucepan. Cover them with cold water, add 1 tablespoon of salt, and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 15 to 20 minutes, until they are just tender. Drain the potatoes in a colander and place a kitchen towel on top, allowing them to steam for 5 to 10 minutes.nFor the aioli, tear the slice of bread into pieces and place in a bowl. Pour the vinegar over the bread, and set aside for 5 minutes.nPlace the garlic cloves, egg yolks, zest, juice, saffron, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the bread, and puree into a paste. With the processor running, slowly pour the oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until it is the consistency of thick sour cream. Place in a serving bowl.nSlice the potatoes in half and place them on a serving plate. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and decorate with the chopped chives. Serve with the aioli., ingredients: [2 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, unpeeled, Kosher salt, 112inch thick slice white bread, crust removed, 2 tablespoons Champagne or white wine vinegar, 6 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good olive oil, Chives, chopped], title: Fingerling Potatoes with Aioli, picturelink: Y31blvxNwmJ12ouSDY9TFB0D7lKUES}, 29921: {instructions: Whisk 12 cup champagne vinegar, 1 minced shallot, 12 teaspoon pepper, 14 teaspoon salt and the juice of 1 blood orange in a bowl. Serve with oysters on the half shell.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Tangy Mignonette Sauce, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 29922: {instructions: 1. Place 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet and heat through until hot.n2. In a bowl mix the honey and mustard together, add the onion and garlic mix well.n3. Brush the salmon on the skin side with the honey mixture thick enough to coat. Place in the cashews and coat well.n4. Place the fish skin side down in the hot skillet and gently saute until the side turns golden. Turn over the salmon and finish cooking it until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F using a cooking thermometer.n5. Place on a platter and drizzle with the remaining oil and a squirt of lemon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 14 cup honey, 14 cup yellow mustard, 2 tablespoon onion, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 skinon salmon filets, 45 ounces each, 23 cup Fisheru00ae Premium Whole Cashews, finely chopped, 1 lemon, halved], title: Cashew Crusted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 29923: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool just to the touch, and then cut into bitesize cubes. Mix together the mayonnaise, Dijon, lemon pepper seasoning, lemon zest and lemon juice in a large bowl.nMix together the celery, peas, parsley, pimento, bell pepper and eggs in a separate bowl. Add in the dressing and potatoes, stir together, and top with green onions and salt. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [6 medium red potatoes, unpeeled, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup chopped celery, 12 cup frozen peas, cooked according to package directions, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup diced pimento pepper, 14 cup chopped red bell pepper, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 14 cup chopped green onion tops, 1 teaspoon salt], title: The Sons Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 29924: {instructions: Place 16 slices bacon on a rack in a baking pan, top with 12 cup brown sugar and bake at 400 degrees until crisp, 12 minutes chop. Make stovepopped corn using bacon drippings in place of oil. Toss the popcorn with the bacon, smoked paprika and salt.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Kevin Bacon Popcorn, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 29925: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSkewer the vegetables onto a wooden skewer and wrap with aluminum foil. Serve with the hummus., ingredients: [12 bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 8 cauliflower florets or mushrooms, 8 cherry tomatoes, 1 cup hummus], title: Rainbow Veggie Skewers, picturelink: RAzHuFoLVvutZ4Y8IKkOaCYaLzAv4ca}, 29926: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay the bacon on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 25 minutes. Remove from the baking sheet to a papertowellined plate. Crumble once cooled.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake the potatoes until crisp on the outside and completely cooked through, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nUse a paring knife to cut a canoe shape from the top of each potato. Discard the top. Use a small spoon to remove the flesh from the potatoes to a bowl, leaving a 14inch shell.nReserve a small sprinkling of the cheese and green onions.nMash the potatoes with the crumbled bacon, sour cream, butter, cheese, green onions, and some salt and pepper. Add the potato filling evenly back to the skins, dividing equally. Sprinkle each potato with the reserved cheese and green onions. Place each potato back on the baking sheet and bake until heated through and golden, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 6 large russet potatoes, wellscrubbed and dried, Olive oil, Kosher salt, 4 ounces grated sharp Cheddar 1 cup, 4 green onions, sliced, 12 cup sour cream, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheddar and Bacon Twice Baked Potatoes, picturelink: a9Pxj4GruR8jB1ruPhzv8sX072SD6}, 29927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: two 24cup mini muffin tins or four 12cup mini muffin tins mini muffin liners and a small cookie scoopnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare two 24cup mini muffin tins with muffin liners.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and fine salt. Set aside. In a bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the coconut sugar and oil. Beat on high until well combined, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Add the yogurt and almond extract and beat on mediumlow to incorporate. With the mixer on the lowest speed, add the dry ingredients, and mix just until the batter comes together. Fold in the cherries and 12 cup of the coconut.nUsing a small scoop, fill the prepare muffin tins about threequarters of the way full. Sprinkle the remaining coconut over the muffins. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean and the coconut is toasted on top, 10 to 15 minutes. Place on a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups unrefined coconut sugar, 1 cup coconut oil, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 cup fatfree plain Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 12 cups dried cherries, roughly chopped, 34 cup sweetened shredded coconut], title: Cherry Coconut Scuffins, picturelink: eJPKCf6K9Ek1.P0bgSFuzlU.x7FjEC}, 29928: {instructions: Using a food processor and a sharp metal blade, puree the tumeric, galangal, cilantro, garlic lemon grass and lime juice. Make sure a smooth puree is achieved. Add shallots, chiles, spices and salt. While pureeing, drizzle in the oil. Check for seasoning. Can store in refrigerator and will hold at least 2 weeks., ingredients: [14 cup peeled, chopped fresh tumeric can substitute with 2 tablespoons ground tumeric, 14 cup peeled, chopped galangal, 1 cup cilantro stems, 12 cup peeled, chopped garlic, 3 stalks lemon grass, chopped, white part only, 12 cup fish sauce 3 Crab brand, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup peeled shallots, 12 cup toasted Thai bird chiles, 5 tablespoons, coarse ground coriander seed, 2 tablespoons toasted, coarse ground cumin seed, 2 tablespoons toasted, coarse ground black peppercorn, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cups peanut oil could substitute with canola oil, but the taste is far superior with Lion  Globe peanut oil], title: Tropical Asian Curry Paste, picturelink: null}, 29929: {instructions: Pull husks back on corn. In a small bowl combine the chipotle, lemon zest and juice and butter. Rub half the butter on corn and pull the husk back up. Grill corn for 3 minutes per side.nServe with remaining butter., ingredients: [4 ears corn on the cob, silks removed and soaked for 1 hour, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle in adobe sauce, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 6 ounces whole butter, at room temperature], title: Chipotle Corn on the Cob, picturelink: null}, 29930: {instructions: Steam soybeans for 20 minutes until slightly soft. Chill. Serve lightly salted., ingredients: [1 pound soybeans in the pod, Salt], title: Edamame, picturelink: null}, 29931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the egg and water. Set aside.nPlace the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface and roll to 18inch thick. Cut 12 3 34 inch circles from the puff pastry. If the dough begins to stick, lightly dust with flour.nPlace 2 teaspoons of the fruit compote onto the middle of each circle. Lightly brush the edges with the egg wash and fold the pastry over so that the edges meet. Using a fork, press the edges together to seal. Brush the tops of the pies with the egg wash and poke several holes in the top of the pies for steam to escape.nPlace the pies 1inch apart on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and bake until golden brown, approximately 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 whole egg, 1 teaspoon water, 1 14 ounce package puff pastry dough, thawed but still cold, 12 cup fruit compote, Allpurpose flour], title: Individual Fruit Compote Pies, picturelink: rhXCQeciiqYzXzNhMNk99CsJB05Vfjm}, 29932: {instructions: Place a large pot of water to boil over high heat. Add a healthy dose of salt to boiling water to season it. Add ravioli and cook to package directions for al dente. Pour cornmeal onto a plate and combine with grated cheese, then season with nutmeg and black pepper. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over moderate heat and add 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Drain ravioli. Dust hot, cooked ravioli with cornmeal. Add coated ravioli to the skillet and brown on both sides, 3 or 4 minutes total.nWhile pasta is working, preheat a large skillet for cutlets over medium to medium high heat. Season turkey cutlets with chopped rosemary, salt and pepper. Choose small fresh or dried bay leaves or halve large leaves with kitchen scissors. Press a small bay leaf or 12 leaf into each turkey cutlet. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil to the pan 2 turns around the pan in a slow stream. Turn cutlets over as you set them into the pan so that the bay leaf faces down. Cook the cutlets in a single layer, working in 2 batches if necessary. Saute the cutlets 4 or 5 minutes on each side. Transfer to a warm plate. Add the lemon zest and juice to the pan and deglaze the pan with wine or vermouth, pulling up any pan drippings with a whisk. Add remaining tablespoon butter to the pan, whisk it in and pour the pan sauce down over the cutlets. Serve the cutlets along side the fried ravioli with cooked rapini or a green tossed salad.nHeat a deep skillet over medium heat. Add oil and onions and cook 3 minutes. Add raisins, rapini and season with salt. Add broth or water. Bring liquid to a bubble, then reduce heat to simmer and cover the pan. Cook rapini 12 minutes or until tender and no longer bitter. Remove lid and allow liquid to reduce by 12, 2 or 3 minutes. Transfer cooked rapini and plumped raisins to a serving dish.nYield: 4 servingsnPreparation time: 10 minutesnCooking time: 18 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [12 to 14ounce package fresh ravioli filled with cheese, spinach or mushroom and cheese, Salt, 1 cup cornmeal, eyeball it, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or ground, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 13 pounds turkey cutlets, available in packaged poultry case, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, the yield of a few sprigs, stripped, Coarse black pepper, Fresh bay leaves, 1 for each cutlet or small dried bay leaves, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth, Cooked rapine, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 small onion, chopped, 14 cup golden raisins, a couple of handfuls, 1 12 pounds fresh rapini, broccoli rabe, trimmed and coarsely chopped, Salt, 114ounce can chicken broth or 2 cups water], title: Turkey Cutlets with Fried Ravioli, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 29933: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nLightly grease 2 baking sheets. In the bowl of a mixer, combine the butter and vanilla. Add 12 cup of the sugar, then slowly add the flour and pecans and mix just until combined. Use your hands to roll the dough into balls about 34inch in diameter, and arrange them on the baking sheets. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until golden brown. Meanwhile, spread the remaining confectioners sugar out on a plate. When the cookies are done, remove from the oven, let cool 3 to 5 minutes, and then roll each cookie in the sugar until coated, letting each rest in the sugar for a minute to absorb it. Let cool completely on wire racks, then store in airtight containers., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Myrnas Hungarian Pecan Cookies, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 29934: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat up the olive oil. Add the pancetta and cook until the fat has been rendered down.nPlace the flour in a shallow bowl or dish. Dredge the beef in the flour, shake off any excess flour, and add the beef to the hot pan. Sear the beef, stirring well so that all sides are browned. Add the sage, thyme without the stem, and salt, to taste, to the saucepan. Deglaze the pan with the sherry and stir to pick up any brown bits. Once the sherry has reduced, add a couple ladles of vegetable broth and let reduce. Continue stirring and add the chopped chocolate. Once the chocolate has completely melted, add a few more ladles of vegetable broth.nAllow to cook for 1 hour on medium heat, adding more vegetable broth, if necessary., ingredients: [5 tablespoons74 ml extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces114 g smoked pancetta, cubed, Flour, for dredging, 2 pounds900 g stewing beef, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 fresh sage leaves, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, Salt, 1 cup240 ml sherry, 4 cups941 ml vegetable broth, 2 cups457 g chopped finest quality plain dark chocolate at least 70 percent cocoa], title: Spezzatino di Manzo al Cioccolato: Beef Stew with Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 29935: {instructions: For the pita crisps: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the butter and herbs and pulse until well combined. Spread the herb butter onto the pita slices. Sprinkle with salt and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the hummus: In a food processor, combine the drained chickpeas, garlic, lemon juice, tahini and cumin. Pulse until smooth. With the food processor running, add the olive oil in a steady stream. Season with the salt and puree until very smooth. If the mixture is too thick, add 2 tablespoons at a time of the reserved chickpea juice until desired consistency., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons fresh herbs chives, parsley, rosemary, thyme, cilantro, etc., 4 pitas I like to use whole wheat for a nuttier flavor, cut into eighths, Salt, for sprinkling, Two 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and juice reserved, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup tahini, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Hummus with Herbed Pita Crisps, picturelink: XKIBcesQ04EGk37aPIhQIwEZ6WVBli}, 29936: {instructions: In a skillet heat olive oil. Saute scallions for 30 seconds. Add peppers, tomatoes, chick peas and rosemary and bring to a simmer. Season to taste with salt and pepper and simmer until flavors come together. If sauce gets too tight add water.nWhen pasta is done, toss with olive paste and transfer to heated dish top with sauce and garnish with cheese., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup scallions, sliced, 4 ounces roasted red peppers, finely julienned from the jar, 2 cups plum tomatoes, cut into strips, 16 ounce can chick peas, drained and chopped, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, Salt and pepper, 14 cup olive paste, 8 ounces linguini, cooked, Romano cheese for grating], title: Chick Peas, Peppers and Olive Paste Topping, picturelink: null}, 29937: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes drain on paper towels. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, stir together the bean paste, tamari, vinegar, coconut sugar and fivespice powder. Set aside.nIn the same skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil over high heat. Add the shishito peppers, jalapenos, celery, carrot, scallion and garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly charred, about 1 minute. Stir in the beef and the bean paste mixture and cook for 1 minute more. Season with salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound skirt steak, cut against the grain into 14inch strips, 2 tablespoons chili bean paste, 1 tablespoon tamari, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon coconut sugar, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 4 red or green shishito peppers, 2 red jalapenos, seeded if desired and thinly sliced, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 1 scallion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Salt], title: Spicy Sichuan Beef with Mixed Vegetables, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 29938: {instructions: In a large bowl combine frozen orange juice concentrate, sugar, milk and zest. In a separate bowl whip cream and vanilla to stiff peaks. Gently fold whipped cream into orange mixture to combine. Pour into a loaf pan and freeze overnight. Scoop into decorative dishes and drizzle with Grand Marnier. Garnish with a sprig of mint and candied orange zest., ingredients: [4 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier, or to taste, Garnishes: mint, candied orange zest], title: Orange Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 29939: {instructions: For the tuna:nHeat a cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat for 8 minutes. In a bowl, combine the crushed KELLOGGS RICE KRISPIES, ground ginger, salt, and pepper, to taste. Coat the outside of the tuna steaks with the cereal mixture. Put the vegetable oil in the hot pan and swirl to coat, and then sear the tuna on all sides, until the coating just turns brown in color, about 2 minutes per side. This should cook the tuna perfectly with the inside remaining rare. Remove the pan from the heat.nFor the cucumber salad:nCut the ends off the cucumber, and then cut it into thirds. On a mandolin slicer with fine teeth in the blade, and using the hand guard, grate the cucumber pieces in a long motion. This will make cool cucumber noodle looking strands. Repeat with the remaining cucumber pieces. Put the rice noodles into a bowl and pour the boiling water over them until covered. Let noodles soak until soft and a little chewy. Drain and rinse in cold water. Cut the rice noodles down to about the same length as the cucumber and put them together in a bowl. Add the lime juice, cilantro, soy sauce, some pepper and hoisin. Toss to combine.nFor the sauce:nWhisk together the hoisin sauce, lime juice, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, and honey, to taste. Season the sauce with salt, and pepper, to taste.nOn each plate, place a swirled pile of the cucumber salad. Slice the tuna on a slight angle and lay over the salad. Spoon some of the hoisinlime sauce over the top and dig in., ingredients: [2 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, crushed, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 Ahi tuna steaks about 6 ounces each, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 English cucumber, halved, seeds scooped out, 4 ounces rice noodles, 1 lime, juiced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Honey, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 14 cup hoisin sauce, Juice of 2 limes], title: Rice Krispiesandtrade Tuna with Cucumber Salad and HoisinLime Sauce, picturelink: 8DKl20184bPQJuoloMQ6DJ12S74bTi}, 29940: {instructions: For the Lamb: Trim all fat from the lamb racks and cut each lamb rack into 4 pieces. Marinate the lamb in the olive oil, rosemary, and garlic for at least 1 day and up to 7 days, refrigerated. Remove the lamb from the marinade and remove all the rosemary and garlic sticking to the meat. Use 1 tablespoon of the spice rub to coat the racks. Grill the racks over high heat for 3 minutes on both sides. At this point lamb can be finished in a 400degree oven in about 5 minutes for medium rare.nFor the Squash Rings: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Peel the squash. Starting at the top of the squash cut horizontally through squash at 1inch intervals until you have 4 pieces. Using a pastry ring cutter remove inside of each piece so that you have a ring. Place rings in a baking dish. In a bowl combine the butter, honey, 1 tablespoon of the spice rub, lemon juice, and lemon oil. Pour over the squash rings. Cover with foil and bake for about 20 minutes or until the rings are soft.nFor the Asparagus: In boiling water blanch asparagus for about 2 minutes or until al dente. Shock in an ice bath. Use the chives as string to tie bundles of 5 asparagus together. When ready to serve saute the bundles in butter just until warmed through.nFor the Couscous: In a small pot bring the vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon olive oil, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon of the spice rub to a boil. Add couscous, stir, cover, and remove from heat. Couscous will be ready in about 5 minutes.nFor the Red Wine Sauce: Reduce all ingredients to a nice consistency and strain through a chinois.nServe the lamb with the Squash Rings, Asparagus, Couscous and Red Wine Sauce.nFor the Moroccan Spice Rub: Toast the coriander, cumin, fennel and grind in a spice grinder to a powder and add to the other spices. Mix well., ingredients: [2 12 domestic large eye lamb racks, 2 cups olive oil, 4 sprigs rosemary, roughly chopped, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, roughly chopped, Moroccan Spice Rub, recipe follows, 12 pieces baby sunburst squash, tops trimmed, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Moroccan Spice Rub, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon oil, 20 asparagus, peeled up to the tips, 1 bunch chives, blanched for 5 seconds, shocked in ice water, Butter, 2 cups vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon Moroccan Spice Rub, 2 cups Moroccan couscous, 2 cups veal stock, 12 cup port, 12 cup merlot, 2 bay leaves, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cardamom], title: Grilled Lamb Chops with a Butternut Squash Ring, Couscous, Asparagus, picturelink: 40djh.Wf7dfi5GPrvPU0LEvYoheHI42}, 29941: {instructions: In a medium sized salad bowl, using a microplane grater or the smallest holes of a cheese grater grate fresh ginger directly into bowl, about one teaspoon. Grate beets and apples, add them to the bowl with the ginger, and toss until ginger is evenly distributed. Add sherry vinegar, salt, and pepper to bowl and toss, to coat evenly. Add olive oil, stir to combine. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately or keep refrigerated.nTip: Cut beets and apples into thin slices: stack the slices directly on top of one another and cut them into matchstick size strips or grate them using a vslicer, mixer attachment or food processor., ingredients: [1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 pound beets, peeled, 1 large Granny Smith apple, or similar flavored and textured apple, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon coarse grain salt, 18 teaspoon cracked black pepper], title: Apple and Raw Beet Slaw, picturelink: null}, 29942: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the beef rolls:nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the pancetta and bring the pan to a medium heat. Cook the pancetta until it gets brown and crispy, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the onions and crushed red pepper and toss to incorporate with the pancetta. Season with salt, to taste. Cook the onions until they are soft and very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes.nWhile the onions are cooking, in a large bowl, combine the bread and the milk. Toss to combine and let sit until the bread has absorbed the milk and is very soft. Use your hands to get in there and really squish everything together. Reserve.nAdd the garlic to the pan with the pancetta and onion and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, season with salt, to taste, and saute until the mushrooms are soft and have let off their moisture, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and stir in the spinach.nAdd the onionmushroom mixture to the reserved bread and stir to combine. Add the pine nuts, provolone and ParmigianoReggiano, and stir to combine. Taste to make sure that the mixture is delicious and season with salt, to taste, if needed. Set aside.nLay the beef slices between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and gently pound with a meat mallet to flatten and even out the slices. Put about 14 cup of filling on 1 end of each of the pounded beef slices and roll up. Secure the rolls with toothpicks. Repeat this process with the remaining beef and filling.nCoat a large, wide pot with olive oil and put over mediumhigh heat. Season the beef rolls with salt, to taste, and brown them on all sides. When the beef rolls are brown on all sides, remove them from the pan and reserve. Make the sauce in the same pot.nRemove the oil from the pot that the beef was just browned in. Add a light coating of fresh olive oil and add the onions and crushed red pepper. Season with salt, to taste, and put the pot over medium heat. Sweat the onions until they are translucent and very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for another 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and red wine, and cook for 6 to 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes, and 2 cups of water and season with salt, to taste. Return the beef rolls to the pan and snuggle them into the sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the beef is very tender and flavorful, about 2 to 2 12 hours. Remove the toothpicks before serving. To serve, arrange 2 or 3 braciole on each serving plate. Halve 1 or 2 rolls to expose the stuffing. Spoon on some of the sauce and garnish with ParmigianoReggiano and chopped parsley.nWow Thats a great braciole, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup finely diced pancetta, 1 large onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups day old Italian bread, crusts removed, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup milk, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 pound button or cremini mushrooms, sliced, 12 pound spinach, stems removed and cut into chiffonade, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 12 cup grated provolone, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 pounds top round, cut into 12inch thick slices about 12, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, finely diced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup red wine, 1 32ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, passed through the food mill, 2 cups water, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, for garnish, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Special equipment: toothpicks], title: Braciole, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 29943: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSelect the baking pan by determining if a soft or crisp exterior is desired. For a soft exterior, use an 8 or 9inch cake pan, pizza pan, or ovenproof skillet where the biscuits will nestle together snugly, creating the soft exterior while baking. For a crisp exterior, select a baking sheet or other baking pan where the biscuits can be placed wider apart, allowing air to circulate and creating a crisper exterior, and brush the pan with butter.nForksift or whisk 2 cups of flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a large bowl, preferably wider than it is deeper, and set aside the remaining 14 cup of flour. Scatter lard over the flour and work in by rubbing fingers with the lard and flour as if snapping thumb and fingers together or use two forks or knives, or a pastry cutter until the mixture looks like wellcrumbled feta cheese, with no piece larger than a pea. Shake the bowl occasionally to allow the larger pieces of fat to bounce to the top of the flour, revealing the largest lumps that still need rubbing. If this method took longer than 5 minutes, place the bowl in the refrigerator for 5 minutes to rechill the fat.nMake a deep hollow in the center of the flour with the back of your hand. Scoop the sweet potatoes into the hollow and stir with a rubber spatula or large metal spoon, using broad circular strokes to quickly pull the flour into the sweet potatoes. Mix just until the dry ingredients are moistened and the sticky dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl. If too dry, add 1 to 4 tablespoons of milk.nLightly sprinkle a board or other clean surface with some of the reserved flour. Turn the dough out onto the board and sprinkle the top lightly with flour. With floured hands, fold the dough in half, and pat dough out into a 13 to 12inchthick round, using a little additional flour only if needed. Flour again if necessary, and fold the dough in half a second time. If the dough is still clumpy, pat and fold a third time. Pat dough out into a 12inchthick round for a normal biscuit, 34inchthick for a tall biscuit, and 1inchthick for a giant biscuit. Brush off any visible flour from the top. For each biscuit, dip a 2inch biscuit cutter into the reserved flour and cut out the biscuits, starting at the outside edge and cutting very close together, being careful not to twist the cutter. The scraps may be combined to make additional biscuits, although these scraps make tougher biscuits.nUsing a metal spatula if necessary, move the biscuits to the pan or baking sheet. Bake the biscuits on the top rack of the oven for a total of 12 to 14 minutes, depending on thickness, until light golden brown. After 6 minutes, rotate the pan in the oven so that the front of the pan is now turned to the back, and check to see if the bottoms are browning too quickly. If so, slide another baking pan underneath to add insulation and retard browning. Continue baking another 6 to 8 minutes until the biscuits are light golden brown.nMeanwhile, whisk the confectioners sugar and milk until smooth to make an icing. When the biscuits are done, remove from oven and slide them onto a rack over a piece of wax paper. Drizzle the icing over the warm biscuits. Discard the paper with the excess icing. Serve hot right away.nSift together 1 cup allpurpose flour or 12 cup cake flour with 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 to 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons baking powder., ingredients: [2 14 cups commercial or homemade SelfRising Flour recipe follows, divided, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon optional, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg optional, 13 cup chilled shortening or lard, roughly cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup mashed cooked sweet potatoes or pumpkin puree, 14 cup milk optional, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons buttermilk or milk], title: Sweet Potato or Pumpkin Biscuits, picturelink: RsxUUBSEWfO0T3dhoHtg5CUUuIM2OZW}, 29944: {instructions: Heat the oil in a nonstick paella pan, wok pan or 12inch skillet. Add the chicken, and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Add the onions and potatoes and cook, stirring often, until onions have softened and are lightly golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add carrots, garlic, paprika, cumin, oregano, tomatoes, rice, broth and the cooked chicken. If it appears too dry, add more liquid. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Cook, covered, for 20 minutes. Remove cover, add the peas to the top without stirring in. Cover and cook 5 minutes more or until rice is cooked through and soft.n[Morph] This is super easy to turn into a seafood mock paella by adding shrimp, clams, scallops or pieces of fish during the last 5 to 8 minutes of cooking. Or reheat leftover One Pan chicken chili on the stove with some water or chicken stock to moisten. Place shellfish on top and cook for about 5 minutes, or until the shellfish opens. Discard any that dont open. [Morph] Thin the batch out with chicken broth or canned tomatoes and water to soup consistency and youve got a super hearty stewsoup meal., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 34 pounds boneless, skinless chicken cut into cubes, 1 small sweet onion, thinly sliced, 12 pound small red potatoes cut into quarters, about 8 potatoes, Coarse salt, Cracked pepper, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 15 ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 34 cups long grain rice, 1 12 cups low sodium, fat free chicken broth, 1 cup frozen peas], title: One Pan Chili Chicken, picturelink: null}, 29945: {instructions: For the pretzel dough: In a large bowl, combine warm water, sugar and yeast. Mix until yeast is dissolved.nAdd flour, butter and 34 teaspoon of salt. Mix until a soft dough forms. Knead for 10 minutes. Use additional flour if dough becomes too sticky. Place in a bowl coated with cooking spray and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to rest in a warm place until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.nIn a medium pan, bring 6 cups water and baking soda to a boil. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPunch down the excess air from the dough. Break off 1inch pieces and roll into balls. Dust with flour if dough becomes too sticky. Place on a parchment lined sheet tray coated with cooking spray. Cover with a damp cloth and rest in a warm place for 5 minutes.nDrop each dough ball into boiling water, no more than 5 at a time. Cook for 30 seconds. With a slotted spoon, remove dough and return to parchment lined sheet tray spaced 12inch apart. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt and cut an X into the top of each roll. Bake for 1015 minutes. Remove from oven and rest for 5 minutes before removing from tray.nFor the Beer Cheese Sauce: In a medium saucepan, over medium heat combine cream, onion, salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer add cheese and whisk until melted. In a separate small bowl, mix together corn starch and water until dissolved. Add corn starch mixture and beer to cheese sauce. Continue whisking over medium heat until sauce thickens. Remove from heat, strain and serve immediately with warm rolls., ingredients: [Pretzel Dough:, 12 cup warm water, 110115 degrees, 14 teaspoon Bakers Corner Granulated Sugar, 1 12 teaspoons Bakers Corner Fast Rising Yeast, 1 14 cups Bakers Corner All Purpose Flour, plus additional for dusting, 2 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter, softened, 1 34 teaspoon ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder, divided, plus additional to taste, Carlini Canola Cooking Spray, 6 cups water, 13 cup Bakers Corner Baking Soda, Beer Cheese Sauce:, 1 cup Countryside Creamery Heavy Whipping Cream, 12 cup sliced yellow onion, 12 teaspoon ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder, 12 teaspoon ground Stonemill Peppercorn Grinder, 4 ounces Specially Selected Havarti Cheese, shredded, 8 ounces Happy Farms Sharp Cheddar Cheese, shredded, 1 tablespoon Bakers Corner Corn Starch, 12 cup Wernesgruner Beer], title: Bavarian Pretzel Nibblers with Beer Cheese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 29946: {instructions: Rinse the quinoa under cold water in a finemesh sieve. Turn it out into a large microwavesafe bowl and add the water. Cover and microwave on high for 9 minutes. Set aside for 2 minutes and then carefully uncover and fluff with a fork. The quinoa should have a tender snap when you bite it  if it doesnt, cover and microwave for up to 1 minute longer.nStir the parsley, cilantro, mint, tomatoes, and scallions into the quinoa. Whisk the lemon zest and juice with the olive oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl to make a vinaigrette and pour it over the quinoa. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 1 hour for the flavors to combine before serving., ingredients: [12 cup quinoa, 1 12 cups water, Bunch of flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 bunch of cilantro, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 2 ripe tomatoes, halved, seeded,and finely chopped, 3 scallions white and green parts, trimmed and finely chopped, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Quinoa Tabouli, picturelink: null}, 29947: {instructions: Brush mushrooms on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 5 to 6 minutes on each side until just cooked through. Serve each person a mushroom cap and sprinkle with the gremolata.nGremolata: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 medium portobello mushrooms, stems removed, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups hazelnuts, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped lemon zest], title: Grilled Portobellos with Hazelnut Gremolata, picturelink: null}, 29948: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the squash lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Wash the seeds and reserve.nUsing 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, grease a glass baking dish. Place the squash in the dish cutside down. Pierce the squash all over with a fork. Roast until very tender, 45 minutes. Let cool.nHeat a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the onions, carrots and celery and saute until just tender, 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Scoop the butternut squash flesh into the pot and stir. Add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pot and simmer until the vegetables are very tender, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a small pan over mediumlow heat. Add the squash seeds and toast, stirring occasionally, until crunchy, about 30 minutes. Season the seeds heavily with salt. Set aside to cool.nCool the soup slightly and then puree in batches in a blender until very smooth. Return to the pot and keep warm over mediumlow heat. Mix in 2 teaspoons of the chipotle.nMix the sour cream and remaining 1 teaspoon chipotle in a small bowl. Season the chipotle cream with salt and pepper.nTransfer the bisque to bowls. Top each with a dollop of chipotle sour cream and toasted butternut squash seeds., ingredients: [1 medium butternut squash, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 12 cup chopped carrots, 12 cup chopped celery, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 cups chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 teaspoons minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 12 cup sour cream], title: Butternut SquashChipotle Bisque, picturelink: rZHFAbuLDZLEuq6N3BEkLsH5C4itte}, 29949: {instructions: Pour enough oil in a medium saucepan to reach a depth of 2 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl whisk the egg white until frothy. Stir in the beer. Add the flour and salt. Mix until the batter is smooth. Set aside.nCut the onion into 12inch slices and separate into rings. Slice each apple into 5 rings and pat dry with paper towels.nDip the apples slices into the batter and allow any excess batter to drip off. Fry for 1 to 2 minutes each side until golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the fried apple rings to paper towels to drain. Repeat with the onion rings.nTransfer the apple and onion rings to serving platters. Sprinkle the onion rings with salt. Sprinkle the apple rings with the Salted Cinnamon Sugar. Serve immediately.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl. Store airtight in a glass or plastic container., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 egg white, 1 cup dark beer, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 large onion, ends trimmed and skin removed, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cored, Salted Cinnamon Sugar, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: BeerBattered Apple and Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 29950: {instructions: Combine butter, red pepper sauce, water, garlic, and bay leaves in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Boil the sauce for 10 minutes to reduce. As it cooks, the color will deepen. Allow the sauce to cool before injecting it into the turkey. It is best to inject the turkey with the sauce at least 12 hours before frying.nSet up a 40quart deep fryer with burner base and propane tank according to manufacturers directions. As a safety precaution, measure the amount of oil needed to fry by filling the pot first with water and covering the turkey by 1inch. You may want to put the turkey in a plastic bag for ease. Remove the turkey and mark the water level on the side of the pot  this insures no spill over when working with hot oil. Pour out the water, dry the pot and turkey thoroughly.nFill the pot with oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Have a deep fry thermometer attached to the pot. Put the turkey on the fry stand and attach to the metal hanger that comes with the fry kit. Slowly ease the turkey into the hot oil, long oven mitts and an apron are essential.nKeep a close eye as the oil bubbles up. Turkey cooks 4 minutes per pound so check it at 45 minutes. The internal temperature of the bird should read on a thermometer between 170 and 180 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the oil as carefully as it went in.nSet the turkey stand on a roasting pan to drain the excess oil. Let the turkey rest for 15 minutes so the juices settle before removing and carving., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, 2 12 ounces red pepper sauce, 12 cup water, 2 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 12 to 13 pound turkey, Approximately 6 gallons peanut oil], title: Southern Fried Turkey, picturelink: null}, 29951: {instructions: In a saucepan mix the gelatin and water let sit 1 minute. Cook over low heat until dissolved, stirring constantly. In a mixing bowl, combine the gelatin mixture, marshmallow, and creme de menthe and mix well. Refrigerate until mixture mounds when dropped from spoon. In a separate mixing bowl, whip cream until soft peaks form. Fold whipped cream into gelatin mix. Add candies and mound into pie crust. Garnish with whipped cream and additional candies, optional. Refrigerate overnight., ingredients: [1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 12 cup water, 1 jar marshmallow, 12 cup creme de methe, 1 12 cups whipping cream plus more for garnish, optional, 1 cup crushed chocolate mint candies plus more for garnish, optional recommended: Andes, 1 chocolate cookie crust], title: Froggy Pie, picturelink: null}, 29952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a food processor bowl, combine croutons, black pepper, cayenne pepper, chili powder, and thyme. Pulse until the mixture is of a fine texture. Place this mixture into a large bowl. Combine the onion, carrot, garlic, and red pepper in the food processor bowl. Pulse until the mixture is finely chopped, but not pureed. Combine the vegetable mixture, ground sirloin, and ground chuck with the bread crumb mixture. Season the meat mixture with the kosher salt. Add the egg and combine thoroughly, but avoid squeezing the meat.nPack this mixture into a 10inch loaf pan to mold the shape of the meatloaf. Onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet, turn the meatloaf out of the pan onto the center of the tray. Insert a temperature probe at a 45 degree angle into the top of the meatloaf. Avoid touching the bottom of the tray with the probe. Set the probe for 155 degrees.nCombine the catsup, cumin, Worcestershire sauce, hot pepper sauce and honey. Brush the glaze onto the meatloaf after it has been cooking for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 ounces garlicflavored croutons, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 onion, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and broken, 3 whole cloves garlic, 12 red bell pepper, 18 ounces ground chuck, 18 ounces ground sirloin, 1 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 egg, 12 cup catsup, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Good Eats Meatloaf, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 29953: {instructions: In a mixer bowl, combine the flour, egg yolks, eggs, zests, salt, and limoncello and mix well to form a firm dough, 8 to 10 minutes. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nWhen the dough has rested, remove from refrigerator and cut into golf ballsize pieces. Roll each golf ball into a 12inchthick dowel and cut each dowel into 12inch pieces. Roll each piece between palms into a ball. Repeat with the remaining dough.nHeat the oil in 12 to 14inch skillet with at least 3inch sides to 375 degrees F. Drop balls into cover about half of the surface of the oil and cook until dark golden brown. Use a spider or slotted spoon to turn them regularly they will puff up while cooking. When cooked, remove to a tray covered with paper towels and drain well. This should make at least 5 batches, so be patient.nWhen all of the struffoli are cooked, heat the honey, lemon juice, and zest together in a wide 6 to 8quart saucepan until quite warm, about 150 degrees F, and substantially thinner.nAdd the struffoli and stir carefully until well coated. Remove from heat and allow to cool 5 minutes in the pan, stirring regularly.nPour out onto a large serving tray in the form of either a pyramid or a ring. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and any other choice of garnish. The struffoli should last a week or as long as your guests allow., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 eggs, plus 1 egg yolk, 1 lemon, zested, 1 orange, zested, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon limoncello, 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 2 cups honey, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Candied orange or lemon peel or sprinkles, for garnish, optional], title: Tiny HoneyCovered Fritters: Struffoli, picturelink: null}, 29954: {instructions: In a medium bowl, add the Cheddar, mozzarella, yogurt, chives, salt and pepper, green and red peppers and jalapeno. Stir well to combine. Spread the mixture evenly among 4 slices of bread and top with a couple of slices of tomato. Top with the remaining slices of bread.nSpray a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat with nonstick spray. Place the 4 sandwiches in the pan and let cook until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Flip the sandwiches and continue cooking until the cheese melts, another 4 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup finely grated Cheddar, 12 cup finely grated lowfat mozzarella, 23 cup plain nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 green pepper, finely chopped, 12 red pepper, finely chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 8 slices whole wheat bread, 1 medium tomato, thinly sliced, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Lighter and Leaner Pimento Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 29955: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPound the lamb with a meat mallet until it is 1 12inches thick. In a large saute pan with butter on medium heat, add the chanterelles and saute until dark brown in color. Set the mushrooms aside until needed.nSeason the interior of the leg with the shallots, salt, and pepper. Lay the chevre and Sauteed mushrooms evenly down the center of the pounded out leg. Roll the leg into the shape of a log and tie with butchers string to hold the round shape. Season the exterior of the leg with salt and pepper.nIn a large saute pan with the olive oil on mediumhigh heat, sear all sides of the lamb. Place the seared leg onto a wire rack with a baking tray underneath. Place the leg in the oven and roast for approximately 1 hour, or until desired internal temperature has been reached. For rare lamb, roast to an internal temperature of 140 degrees F. and 170 degrees F. for well done.nWhen the pan is removed from the oven, let the lamb rest for 10 minutes at room temperature before slicing. This will prevent the juices from leaving the lamb and drying out the meat., ingredients: [1 boneless leg of lamb about 3 pounds, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 pound golden chanterelle mushrooms, sliced, 3 ounces shallots, minced, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 pound Apple Wood Smoked Chevre or plain chevre, sliced into pieces, Butchers string or twine, 4 tablespoons olive oil], title: Leg of Lamb Stuffed with Apple Wood Smoked Chevre and Golden Chanterelles, picturelink: null}, 29956: {instructions: Marinate the chicken in the buttermilk for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the deep fryer to 325 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl mix the panko, pecans, salt and seasoned salt. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk and shake off excess liquid, then dip in the egg whites. Dredge the chicken in the panko mixture and then rest the chicken in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.nPlace the chicken in the deep fryer and cook until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Finish off in the oven until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 degrees F, 12 minutes., ingredients: [Twelve 6ounce chicken breasts, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup crushed pecans, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, 3 egg whites], title: Buttermilk Pecan Chicken, picturelink: null}, 29957: {instructions: Remove the skin from the Roasted Beets and slice thinly. Arrange in 1quart jars alternating layers with the onion. In a small pot boil the rest of the ingredients and pour over the beets. Tightly lid the jars and place in the refrigerator for 3 to 7 days before serving.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl toss all of the ingredients. Place into a foil pouch and roast in the oven for 40 minutes., ingredients: [Roasted Beets, recipe follows, 1 large red onion, frenched, 1 cup tarragon wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 6 medium beets, cleaned with 1inch stem remaining, 2 large shallots, peeled, 2 sprigs rosemary, 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Pickled Beets, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 29958: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium high heat. Season chicken strips and add to pan. Brown chicken and remove to plate. Add red and green peppers and cook for 1 minute. Stir in pineapple chunks, juice, sugar, vinegar and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Simmer until sauce begins to reduce. Stir in cornstarch mixture and bring liquid to a simmer. Stir in chicken strips and cook for 5 minutes. Serve over rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 boneless chicken breasts, sliced into strips, Salt and pepper, 12 cup chopped red pepper, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, mixed with 4 teaspoons water, 1 cup canned pineapple chunks, drained with 12 cup reserved juice, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 cup chopped green pepper, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Sweet and Sour Chicken, picturelink: 7RDtOZjjUpipGGMo6PTT7FImIIFovi}, 29959: {instructions: For the glaze:nSlice cake, using a serrated knife, horizontally into 3 equal layers.nFor the custard:nMix together cream cheese, condensed milk, and whipped topping in a bowl set aside.nFor the glaze:nIn a medium saucepan, stir together sugar, cornstarch, and gelatin add water. Cook stirring over medium heat until thick. Remove from heat and allow to cool completely. Fold in strawberries.nFor assembly:nPlace 1 layer of cake in a large clear bowl. Top with a layer of glaze, followed by a layer of custard mixture. Repeat layering in this order for remaining cake, glaze and custard. Top cake with 3 whole fresh strawberries and fresh mint leaves., ingredients: [1 large angel food cake, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12ounce container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons strawberry gelatin recommended: JellO, 1 cup water, 2 cups fresh strawberries, cut in 12 if berries are extra large, they can be cut into quarters, Whole fresh strawberries and mint leaves, for garnish], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: aWW6zyXMPgWYDUo44PiV2A0Rvrllxju}, 29960: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the meat, carrots, celery root, leeks, onions, honey, allspice, cloves, ginger, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme, cinnamon stick, red wine, balsamic vinegar, white wine vinegar, Worcestershire, soy sauce, 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 5 days.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F position an oven rack at the secondlowest height.nRemove the meat from the marinade and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Strain the vegetables through a sieve, reserving the marinade and vegetables separately.nHeat the clarified butter in a roasting pan and then brown the meat vigorously on both sides. Add the reserved vegetables and continue to cook until you have a nice caramelization on the meat and vegetables. This step is important for the color and flavor of the gravy. Add the marinade to the roasting pan and cover everything with aluminum foil.nBake until the meat is tender, 3 to 4 hours.nSet the roast on a carving board and wrap it in aluminum foil. Strain the cooking liquid through a finemesh sieve into a saucepan and boil down to about 500 milliliters2 cups.nMix the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons cold water, then add to the sauce. Boil the sauce to thicken.nSlice the roast and serve with the sauce and vegetables or with braised red cabbage and dumplings., ingredients: [2 kilograms4 12 pounds chuck roast or beef knuckle, 500 grams1 pound carrots, cut into 34inch cubes, 400 grams14 ounces celery root, cut into 34inch cubes, 200 grams7 ounces leeks, cut into 34inch pieces, 50 grams1 34 ounces onion, cut into 34inch cubes, 2 tablespoons honey, 5 allspice berries, 3 cloves, 3 slices ginger, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 liter1 quart red wine, 300 milliliters1 14 cups balsamic vinegar, 150 milliliters1 cup white wine vinegar, 25 milliliters1 ounce Worcestershire sauce, 6 tablespoons light soy sauce, Salt and black pepper, 30 grams2 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Serving suggestions: braised red cabbage and pretzel dumplings], title: Sauerbraten, picturelink: 4HKLZKsLDdyMpKFOu1piCc9i6y6i7o6}, 29961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce:nAdd the olive oil, garlic, capers and salt, to taste, to a small saucepan over low heat and saute until aromatic. In a large pot, over medium heat, add the tomatoes our canned tomatoes had basil in them already, and oregano and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the garlic mixture, lower the heat and simmer for 2 to 3 hours. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the cioppino:nIn a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and chili flakes and stir to combine, but do not brown the garlic.nRaise the heat to high and add the fish fillets, shrimp, mussels and clams and cook until the mussel and clam shells open. Pour in the marinara sauce and the white wine. Stir in the calamari and crab legs and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Make sure the sauce is not too thick or thin.nTransfer the cioppino to a large bowl and garnish with shredded crabmeat, Parmesan and parsley. Serve with a portion with a single slice of fugasa bread., ingredients: [8 ounces olive oil, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 ounces capers, Kosher salt, 2 14ounce cans whole tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped oregano leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 to 2 pinches chili flakes, 3 4ounce fillets rock codfish, 4 shrimp, 5 to 7 mussels, 4 to 5 clams, 2 ounces white wine, 5 to 6 pieces calamari, 3 to 4 Dungeness crab legs, Crabmeat, shredded, Grated Parmesan, for garnish, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Fugasa bread, for serving], title: Cioppino, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 29962: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Peel the sweet potatoes and slice into 18inchthick rounds use a mandoline if you have one. Peel half of the russet potatoes and slice into 18inchthick rounds. Do not rinseyoull need the starch for the dish to set.nCoat the bottom of a 10inch nonstick ovenproof skillet with 4 tablespoons melted butter. Starting in the center of the skillet, arrange a layer of russet potato slices in concentric circles, slightly overlapping them. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt and some of the rosemary leaves.nSet the skillet over medium heat. Working quickly, add the remaining sliced russets in 2 more layers, then the sliced sweet potatoes in 2 layers, sprinkling lightly with more salt and rosemary between layers. Check to make sure the bottom is browning evenly adjust the heat as needed. Drizzle with 4 tablespoons melted butter. Peel and thinly slice the remaining russet potatoes and add them to the skillet in 2 or 3 more layers, lightly seasoning each layer with salt and rosemary. Drizzle with the remaining 4 tablespoons melted butter.nWhen the potatoes are golden brown on the bottom, transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the potatoes soften slightly, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven center the bottom of a 9inch cake pan on the surface of the potatoes and press firmly a few times to help the layers stick together. Remove the cake pan and return the skillet to the oven bake until the potatoes are tender and the top is golden brown, about 20 more minutes.nLet the potatoes cool 5 minutes in the skillet, then run a small knife around the edge to loosen. Set an inverted serving plate on top of the skillet and carefully flip the potatoes onto the plate. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 large sweet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, 6 medium russet potatoes about 2 12 pounds, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, Kosher or sea salt, 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary, Freshly ground pepper], title: TwoPotatoes Anna, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 29963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine the ingredients for the marinade. Lightly season the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and place them in the bowl with the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 to 12 hours.nIn a large paper bag, combine the ingredients for the breading mixture. My mother insists this gives extra flavor and I agree. Put the chicken parts, a few at a time, in the bag and shake until they are well coated with the mixture. Place the breaded chicken on a rack with a baking sheet. When all of the pieces are breaded, refrigerate them for 15 minutes.nIn a large cast iron or regular skillet, melt the shortening over low heat. Heat until shortening reaches 350 degrees F. Test 1 piece first. The oil should bubble and react as you add the first piece. Use a pair of heatresistant tongs to gently place the chicken pieces, skin side down, in a single layer in the skillet over medium heat. Cook, undisturbed, 5 to 8 minutes, or until you can see the underside of the chicken browning. Remove the skillet from the heat and gently turn the pieces on their second side. Cook for an additional 10 minutes.nWhen the chicken is cooked through, remove it and transfer it to a rack. Immediately season it while it is still hot with salt. Serve immediately or keep in a warm oven until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups solid vegetable shortening], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 29964: {instructions: Combine barbecue sauce, beef broth, brown sugar, mustard, cinnamon and tomato puree and add shredded pork or ham. Slowly, over very low heat simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, uncovered until meat is warmed through and sauce has thickened but is still of spoonable consistency. Season to taste with salt and Tabasco sauce and spoon over buns. Serve with salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons prepared or homemade barbecue sauce, 14 cup beef broth, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons brown mustard, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup canned tomato puree, 2 cups shredded cooked pork or smoked ham, Salt and Tabasco sauce, 4 hamburger buns], title: Quick Chopped Barbecue, picturelink: null}, 29965: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the egg yolks, sugar, and Marsala wine in a large heatproof glass bowl and whisk them together. Place the bowl on a pan of simmering water to make a double boiler and whisk the mixture almost constantly for 5 to 7 minutes, until it expands in volume and becomes thickened. Youll see the froth disappear and the whisk will leave a little trail in the mixture. Dont walk away from it or youu00bfll end up with scrambled eggs Off the heat, whisk in the vanilla and almond extracts. Set aside for 30 minutes to cool to room temperature, whisking once or twice as it cools.nPlace the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment you can also use a hand mixer and beat it just until it forms firm peaks. With a rubber spatula, carefully fold the cream into the Marsala mixture. Spoon half of the mixture into each of 4 or 5 decorative glasses depending on the size, sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon of crushed Amaretti, and spoon the rest of the mixture on top. Sprinkle with the remaining Amaretti crumbs, cover with plastic wrap, and chill for a few hours or overnight. Serve cold., ingredients: [6 extralarge egg yolks, 12 cup superfine sugar, 34 cup dry Italian Marsala wine, such as Florio, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 34 cup cold heavy cream, 4 to 6 double Italian Amaretti di Saronno cookies, lightly crushed], title: MakeAhead Zabaglione with Amaretti, picturelink: hSLImr5.xTiSWkquk1S14k.5Dh4hG0O}, 29966: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and coat a 24cup mini muffin pan with cooking spray. Slice the chorizo into 24 rounds, about 12 inch thick.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to cool.nMeanwhile, combine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, the baking powder, baking soda and cayenne in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk the egg and buttermilk, then whisk into the cornmeal mixture along with the scallions until smooth. It should be the consistency of pancake batter.nPour the batter into the prepared muffin pan, filling each cup about halfway. Place a piece of chorizo in the center of each cup. Bake until golden and cooked through, about 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, then remove from the pan.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 fully cooked chorizo sausages about 12 ounces, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper optional, 1 large egg, 34 cup buttermilk, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Mini Chorizo Corn Dogs, picturelink: gWQnx8ucDh69GVZ4J.yCScqz4OiJkYO}, 29967: {instructions: Preheat grill. Brush the onions with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper and grill until lightly brown. Remove from the grill and slice thinly. Heat the remaining olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, and jalapeno and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar, cassis, grenadine, red wine and reduce until the liquid has almost evaporated. Remove from heat, add the parsley and salt and pepper to taste. Grill sausages. Serve at room temperature. Each sandwich gets sausage, red pepper and marmalade on a hoagie., ingredients: [3 red onions, sliced in half, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 small jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup creme de cassis, 14 cup grenadine, 14 cup red wine, 14 coarsely chopped parsley, 2 red peppers, grilled, quartered and seeded, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, sliced in half, vertically, then quartered, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, sliced in half, vertically, then quartered, 4 hoagie rolls], title: Grilled Sweet and Hot Sausage Hoagies with Grilled Onion Marmalade and Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 29968: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn medium bowl combine flour, baking powder and salt. In a mixer beat together the butter and sugar until fluffy. Add egg and almond extract and beat well. Slowly add flour mixture and beat until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Turn the dough onto a clean work surface, and, with a sharp knife, divide the dough into 4 even pieces. Roll each piece into a 12 by 3inch roll or whatever size you like.nPlace 2 rolls on an ungreased cookie sheet, 4 inches apart. Repeat with remaining rolls. Brush rolls with milk and sprinkle with almonds. Bake until edges are lightly browned, about 12 to 14 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through cooking. While cookies are still warm cut them crosswise at a diagonal into 1inch strips. Cool on a wire rack.nFor the glaze:nIn a small bowl, mix the sugar and milk until smooth. Drizzle over almond cookies. Let sit until glaze is set, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup butter or margarine, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Milk, for brushing, 12 cup sliced almonds, coarsely chopped or as many as you need, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk], title: Almond Bars, picturelink: null}, 29969: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together the jicama, cabbage, onion, and cilantro. In a small bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, lime juice, salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 medium jicama, sliced into thin strips about 3 cups, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced about 5 cups, 1 red onion, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Salt and pepper], title: Southwestern Slaw, picturelink: v3JFjCd4C67pbSKlKFMdKCf4DIlhvO}, 29970: {instructions: Keeping the tuna very cold, toss gently with the scallion, cucumber and a bit of sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. In another bowl whisk the soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, ginger, garlic and Ginger Oil until well blended. Add to the fish mixture and toss to dress well.nCut the nori into 1 12inch rounds and mound the tartare mixture by the teaspoonful onto the nori rounds. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve immediately. Alternatively it can be served on an ice cold plate lined with lettuce leaves and garnished with marinated seaweed and sesame seeds, as an appetizer., ingredients: [34 pound 1 grade Ahi, cleaned and diced finely, 10 scallions, white and light green parts, finely minced, 1 cup peeled, finely diced European or Japanese cucumber, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely grated ginger, 1 clove very fresh garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons Ginger Oil see Note, 1 package toasted nori, 12 cup toasted sesame seeds], title: Tokyo Tuna Tartare, picturelink: null}, 29971: {instructions: In a glass, add 12 beer and 12 orange juice. Float the orange slice on top of the drink., ingredients: [Dark beer, Freshlysqueezed orange juice, Orange slices], title: BeeSting, picturelink: null}, 29972: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nMix the olive oil, brown sugar, and maple syrup together in a small bowl. Put the acorn squash, cut side up, in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush the glaze on the flesh of the squash and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nPut the squash in the oven and roast it until tender and golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the squash from the oven and transfer it to a serving dish. Top with butter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons real maple syrup, 2 small acorn squash 1 pound each, cut in half, seeds removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter, for topping], title: Acorn Squash with Sweet Maple Glaze, picturelink: null}, 29973: {instructions: Place 2 scoops of gelato or ice cream in each of 6 fountain glasses. Pour 14 cup of espresso and 2 tablespoons of amaretto over each. Fill the glasses with the cream soda, and serve immediately with a straw and long fountain spoons., ingredients: [1 12 quarts vanilla gelato or ice cream, 1 12 cups espresso, chilled, 34 cup amaretto, 2 cups cream soda, chilled], title: Amaretto Float, picturelink: null}, 29974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir all of the ingredients together in a medium serving bowl. Serve immediately or let it marinate in refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 seedless cucumber, very thinly sliced, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves], title: Quick Pickled Cucumbers, picturelink: N5.H8K.ra7lHKd8ZfirA3pHkA9vLpu}, 29975: {instructions: Blanch half a pound of spinach in salted, boiling water.nImmediately, shock the blanched spinach in a bowl of iced water. Drain and squeeze out the excess water.nPuree in a blender. Set aside.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, sweat the shallots and garlic until translucent.nAdd the rest of the spinach leaves. Toss and saute until wilted.nFold in the spinach puree.nSeason with salt and pepper, transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds baby spinach, washed and cleaned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced], title: No Cream Creamed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 29976: {instructions: For the grilled tomatobasil relish:nHeat the grill to high.nCut the tomatoes half, then brush with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the tomatoes on all sides until slightly charred and soft. Remove the tomatoes from the grill, chop and place in a bowl. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil, onion, vinegar, basil and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature.nFor the beef:nHeat the grill to high.nPlace the steak on a flat surface. Combine the cheese, parsley, oregano and garlic in a small bowl. Brush the steak on the side facing up with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the cheese mixture evenly over the steak, leaving a 12inch border around the sides.nStarting with the long end, tightly roll the meat up like a jelly roll and tightly tie with the butchers twine on the ends and in the center. Brush the entire outside of the steak with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill, seamside up and grill until golden brown on all sides, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the grill and let rest 10 minutes before slicing into 12inch thick slices. Serve several slices per person topped with some of the relish., ingredients: [8 plum tomatoes, 5 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 1 2pound round steak, pounded to 14inch thickness, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated pecorino Romano cheese, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 3 8inch pieces butchers twine, soaked in cold water, Fresh basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Beef Braciole with Grilled TomatoBasil Relish, picturelink: wNFwg94imaBMl2yGJcc4zFpnUqSSM2}, 29977: {instructions: 1 head butter lettuce or Boston Bibb lettuce, leaves separated and soaked in iced waternIn a large bowl gently mix all the ingredients together except the salt and pepper and the lettuce. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove from the refrigerator and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary.nTo serve, remove the separated lettuce leaves from the iced water, dry well and put on a serving platter. Add a couple of spoonfuls of the crab mixture into the center of the leaves, fold over and eat, ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 pound cooked peeled and deveined shrimp, chopped, 1 cup diced red onion, 2 tablespoons torn purple sage or green sage leaves, 12 cup sliced water chestnuts, 12 cup fresh bamboo shoots, 14 cup peeled, seeded and diced English cucumber, 12 cup seeded diced tomato, 2 lemons juiced, 12 cup peeled, cored and diced green apple, optional, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Asian Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 29978: {instructions: Soak the hijiki seaweed in cold water for 20 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a saute pan, heat the oil. Slit the skin on the top of the salmon to prevent the salmon from buckling. Season the salmon with salt and white pepper. When the pan is smoking hot, saute the salmon for 1 12 minutes. Turn and continue cooking for 35 seconds. Remove from the pan. In the same pan, melt 1 tablespoon of butter, add the leeks, and then reduce the heat. Simmer the leeks for 2 minutes. Add the preserved ginger and deglaze with rice vinegar. Add the mirin and fish stock, bring to a boil, and remove from the heat. Stir in the hijiki seaweed and the oysters, and allow the oysters to warm through. Add the shiso, whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and white pepper. To assemble, spoon the oysters and leeks evenly into a shallow bowl. Place the salmon on top and spoon in the broth., ingredients: [1 tablespoon dried hijiki seaweed, 2 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 4 2 ounces salmon pieces, skin on, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup leeks, cut into rings, 1 tablespoon preserved ginger, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons mirin, 23 cup fish stock, 28 Olympia oysters, 1 tablespoon shiso], title: Charlie Trotters Salmon with Olympia Oysters, Hijiki Seaweed, and GingerShisoMirin Broth, picturelink: null}, 29979: {instructions: Boil vegetables in a medium pot until tender. Drain liquid, and mash with cream and butter. Season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.nFor the Gravy: In a medium sauce pan heat the olive oil over medium heat and saute mushrooms until soft. Add the wine and demiglace and reduce until the gravy coats the back of a spoon., ingredients: [2 parsnips, peeled, 1 celery root, trimmed, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 pound butter, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup sliced chanterelle mushrooms, 1 cup red wine, 4 cups demiglace], title: Root Vegetable Mash, picturelink: null}, 29980: {instructions: Combine the lime juice, sugar and mint in a blender. Puree until smooth. Fill two tall glasses halffull with ice cubes. Pour half of the lime juice concentrate in each. Top with sparkling water, garnish with lime and mint and serve., ingredients: [12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup packed mint leaves, Lime slices and mint leaves for garnish], title: Minty Lime Cooler, picturelink: null}, 29981: {instructions: For the burgers: In a bowl, blend the beef and lamb. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then remove from the bowl and form 4 patties, 8 ounces each.nNext, to cook the burgers, warm a large pan with the oil over high heat until the verge of smoking. Then reduce the heat to medium and add the burgers. Cook on the first side for 5 minutes, and then flip and repeat the process on the second side. During the second side of cooking, top with the feta cheese and finish for final time.nFor the sauce: During the burger cooking, in a bowl blend and whisk together the sour cream, cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Taste and add any additional seasoning if desired.nWarm a second pan over medium heat. Spread the butter on the interior of the buns, and then place in the warmed pan, browning until crusted, 2 to 3 minutes.nOnce cooked, remove and build the burgers with lettuce, tomato, burger, and top with sauce and enjoy., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground lamb, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 4 slices feta, 14inch thick, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup peeled and small diced cucumber, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 2 tablespoons diced tomato excluding skin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons softened butter, 4 brioche buns, Lettuce and tomato, for burger], title: Lamb Burger, picturelink: Ejge7khAToRnzFkqZlsus3W2zpmb26}, 29982: {instructions: For the beef: Mix the garlic, garam masala, salt, and pepper with enough oil to make a paste. Rub the paste all over beef and marinate for 1 hour. Preheat a grill or grill pan and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSear the meat on the grill, sear all sides. Transfer the meat to a roasting pan and finish in the oven until, a thermometer reads an internal temperature of 145 degrees F for medium. Allow the beef to rest before slicing.nFor the tomato sauce: Meanwhile, in a large pot, heat 1 tablespoon canola oil until shimmering. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the garam masala, cooking another 30 seconds, then add the tomato puree, brown sugar, vinegar, and Worcestershire. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add water and simmer 20 minutes, or until the flavors deepen and the sauce thickens.nFor the rice: Wash the rice in 4 changes of water, until the water is relatively clear. Soak the rice for 30 minutes, and then drain.nIn large pot, add 2 tablespoons oil and warm over medium heat until oil shimmers. Add the caraway seeds and toast for 1 minute. Add the onions, sauteing until golden brown. Drain the rice. Add to pot and toast, stirring every now and then, until the grains are separate and glistening with oil. Add the water, season with salt and pepper, and bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, covered, until cooked, about 15 minutes.nWarm the tortillas over an open flame or in a pan. Slice the beef into thin slices. Construct the tacos with a little rice, some meat, some sauce, a sprig of fresh cilantro, and 2 slices of jalapeno., ingredients: [3 tablespoons minced fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons garam masala powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons canola oil, plus more if needed, 1 2 to 3pound beef tritip, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 32ounce can tomato puree, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 cup water, 1 12 cups basmati rice, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 1 small onion, minced, 3 cups water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 package corn tortillas, Bunch fresh cilantro sprigs, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and thinly sliced], title: Indian Spiced TriTip Tacos with Caraway Basmati Rice and Tangy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 29983: {instructions: In a small saucepot over medium heat reduce tamari until thick. In the meantime, fit one scallop into the natural curve of the shrimp, skewer with a bamboo skewer, brush with canola oil, and season with salt and pepper. In a medium sized saute pan, sear the shrimp and scallops for 2 minutes on each side. To assemble dish, spoon reduced tamari onto the middle a plate and place 2 sets of skewers on the plate. Garnish with red and green shisho leaves., ingredients: [12 cup Tamari, 12 pound medium sized scallops, 12 pound large shrimp, Bamboo skewers, 2 teaspoons canola oil, Salt and pepper, Red and green shiso leaves for garnish], title: Tamari Shrimp and Scallops, picturelink: null}, 29984: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 4ounce pop moldsnBring the orange juice and honey to a simmer in a wide saucepan, whisking occasionally, over mediumhigh heat. Cook until reduced to 2 cups, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely.nAdd the orangehoney mixture, yogurt, orange zest, vanilla and a pinch of salt to a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into the pop molds. Freeze until set, at least 4 hours or overnight.nTo serve, take a pop from the freezer, run it under warm water and unmold., ingredients: [4 cups orange juice, pulp free and not from concentrate, 14 cup honey See Cooks Note, 1 cup 0percent Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons orange zest from about 1 large orange, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt], title: Frozen Orange Pops, picturelink: KyGF0aAjs3gwxBXACL08boHHwlXgyJy}, 29985: {instructions: Special equipment: melon ballernFor the creme brulee: In a medium saucepan, bring the cream, sugar and vanilla bean to a boil. Add the egg yolks and continue to cook, whisking until slightly thickened. Remove the pan from the heat, strain and set aside for later use.nFor the caramel: Stir together the milk and sugar in a large, heavybottomed pot. Make sure the liquid only goes threequarters of the way up the sides, as it will froth when the baking soda is added. Add the vanilla extract, salt, cinnamon stick and vanilla bean with seeds if using. Heat the mixture over mediumhigh heat, constantly stirring, and bring to a boil, about 15 minutes. Keep your eyes on the pot it boils over easily and quickly Quickly remove from the heat and add the baking soda to the pot. The mixture will rise and become frothy, just keep stirring the mixture.nReturn the pot to medium heat, and stir frequently, about every 10 minutes. Make sure the milk stays at a gentle simmer rather than a raging boil, and stir across the bottom of the pot to make sure the mixture is not scorching. Adjust the heat as needed. Cook until the milk starts to turn golden brown, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nRemove the cinnamon stick and the vanilla pod. At this point, it will start to thicken quickly, so its important to keep stirring so the milk doesnt burn on the bottom of the pan. Keep stirring until the mixture is a rich brown and thick enough to coat the back of the spoon, 15 to 30 minutes.nCool the sauce slightly and then pour into an airtight container. Store the mixture in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nUsing a melon baller, hollow out the crab apples. Fill the centers with the creme brulee and bake until the creme brulee is set. Chill overnight.nReheat the caramel until soft enough for dipping. Dip the stuffed apples using a stick or fork. Chill for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4 cups cream, 8 ounces sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 8 egg yolks, 4 cups goat milk, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, optional, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 crab apples], title: Hybrid Caramel Creme Brulee Apple, picturelink: 0tpddD4JkXlVfcoMaCZRtwiic1IRahm}, 29986: {instructions: To begin to prepare the sauce, in a small bowl combine the dried porcini and hot water and let stand for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the porcini and squeeze out excess water. Using scissors, cut them into pieces about the size of your thumbnail. Set aside. Strain the mushroom liquor through a paper towel or a fine sieve reserve. Lightly oil an 8by11inch baking pan and set it aside. Lightly oil two large pastry boards or baking sheets, or a very large scratchproof counter surface. Make the polenta and when it is cooked, turn it directly out onto the boards, counter, or baking sheets. Use a large knife or rubber spatula, first dipped in cold water, to spread out the polenta to a thickness of about 12 inch. Allow it to cool and harden, about 20 minutes. Cut it into approximate 3inch squares.nMeanwhile, preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Continue to make the sauce. Using a soft brush or clean kitchen towel, remove any dirt from the fresh mushrooms. Dont wash them because water will alter their texture. Separate the stems from the caps, discarding the stems if they are tough. Slice the mushroom caps and tender stems thinly. In a skillet over mediumlow heat, melt the butter with the oil. Add the onion and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the porcini and saute for another 5 or 6 minutes to marry the flavors. Add the cultivated mushrooms and continue to saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the mushroom soaking liquid, salt, and pepper. Allow to simmer gently for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Then stir in the cream, and allow the mixture barely to reach a simmer. Immediately remove the skillet from the heat.nPlace half of the polenta squares in a layer on the bottom of the prepared dish. Spread half of the sauce in a layer over them, then sprinkle with half of the cheeses. Place another layer of polenta squares over the cheeses. Spoon the remaining sauce on top and sprinkle with the remaining cheeses. Place on the middle rack of the oven and bake until the cheese is melted and golden and the pasticcio is bubbling, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let settle for 10 minutes before cutting into squares. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini, 34 cup hot water, 12 pound fresh cultivated white mushrooms, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly milled white pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, Olive oil or vegetable oil for oiling boards and baking dish, 1 recipe Basic Polenta, 112 cups cornmeal, 6 cups water, and 2 teaspoons salt, 12 pound 2 cups shredded fontina, 13 cup freshly grated parmigiano], title: Polenta Pasticciata con Salsa di Funghi Baked Polenta Casserole with Creamy Mushroom Sauce and Fontina, picturelink: null}, 29987: {instructions: In a glass bowl, mix the salsa and the horseradish together. If you are using bottled cocktail sauce, add the juice of 1 lime. Place a teaspoon of the salsa in the bottom of each of 8 chilled shot glasses, top with an oyster, and spoon another tablespoon of the sauce on the top. Serve at once., ingredients: [12 cup Spicy Cocktail Salsa recipe below, or bottled cocktail sauce, 2 teaspoons freshly grated horseradish, 8 fresh, shucked oysters, cut into 34 inch pieces if very large], title: Oyster Shooters, picturelink: null}, 29988: {instructions: In a large pot bring water, salt and sugar to a boil. Add bay leaves, cloves, cinnamon stick, peppercorns and garlic and simmer 5 minutes. Let cool and pour over roast. Marinate 8 hours or up to 12 hours. Drain.nSeason meat with salt and pepper, wrap with a few strips of bacon and transfer to a roasting pan. Place in a preheated 250 degree oven for about 2 hours or until an instant read meat thermometer, inserted in roast, registers 140 degrees.nRecommended Wine: Paulaner HefeWeizen, ingredients: [7 rib, centercut pork roast, 8 cups water, 14 cup coarse salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 bay leaves, 2 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Salt and pepper, 6 ounces thick sliced bacon, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups pork stock or beef stock], title: Pork Roast, picturelink: null}, 29989: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken in a large nonmetalic bowl. Put the orange and lime zests in a small bowl and add the fruit juices. Whisk in the olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and a generous grind of black pepper. Pour the marinade over the chicken and toss until well coated. Marinate for 20 to 30 minutes but no longer than 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put a rack on a rimmed baking sheet. With tongs, remove the chicken pieces from the marinade and arrange them on the rack leaving space between each piece. Drizzle a small spoonful of the marinade over the top of each chicken piece season well with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear when meat is pierced with a knife, about 45 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a serving platter. Cool slightly before serving or let stand until room temperature before refrigerating for later use., ingredients: [4 large bonein, skin on chicken breasts, about 3 pounds, 4 large whole chicken thighs, about 2 pounds, 12 navel orange, zested, plus the juice of 1 whole orange, 2 limes, 1 zested, both juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: CitrusGarlic Roasted Chicken, picturelink: SRsTtMvRt8iCH64ErWBCMBRUQrVDZm}, 29990: {instructions: For the brownies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line one 9 by 3inch cake pan with parchment paper and lightly coat with oil set aside. Whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Add the oil, agave nectar and applesauce directly into the dry ingredients. Stir until the batter is smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake on the center rack until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 minutes.nFor the pizza: Beat the cream cheese, sugar and pineapple together in a bowl with a spatula. Spread the mixture over the cooled brownie crust. Arrange the strawberry and banana slices over the cream cheese mixture. Sprinkle with the chopped walnuts. Freeze for at least 30 minutes. To serve, slice as you would a pizza, and enjoy, ingredients: [12 cup melted coconut oil, plus more for pan, 1 14 cups spelt flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 23 cup agave nectar, 12 cup applesauce, 4 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon sugar, One 8ounce can crushed pineapple, drained, 1 cup fresh strawberries, sliced, 2 bananas, sliced and tossed in lemon juice to prevent browning, 14 cup chopped walnuts], title: Butterless Banana Split Brownie Pizza, picturelink: null}, 29991: {instructions: Heat large heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook the sausage until browned on both sides. Season shrimp with salt and pepper. Add seasoned shrimp and continue to cook for 2 minutes or until shrimp are cooked about half way, just turning pink. With a slotted spoon, transfer the sausage and shrimp to a plate.nSaute shrimp shells in the same pan used for sausage and shrimp for 5 minutes until toasted and red. Add the onion and celery, white wine, bay leaves, canned tomatoes, chicken broth, paprika and saffron, if using. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Simmer for 30 minutes and remove the shrimp shells and vegetables with a slotted spoon. Bring the broth back up to a simmer and add the clams. Cook until all are open, discarding any unopened clams. Remove clams to a tray and pour the broth into a clean pot or bowl.nHeat the original pot that the broth was in and add some olive oil. Add the green pepper, scallion whites, and garlic. Cook over moderate heat, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add the rice and thyme and saute for about a minute and then season with salt and pepper. Add stock 3 parts stock to rice, about 9 cups of broth  if you do not have enough broth, add chicken broth and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook the jambalaya rice for 20 minutes. Stir in the hot sauce and parsley and then add the shrimp, sausage and clams. Season with pepper and cook the mixture, covered, for 5 more minutes or until the shrimp are just done and the rice is tender.nServe the jambalaya sprinkled with the reserved scallion greens., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteeing, 1 pound smoked sausage, such as andouille or hot Italian, sliced 12inch thick, 1 pound raw small to large shrimp, peeled, shells reserved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped, 4 celery ribs, roughly chopped plus 2 celery ribs, minced, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, 2 14ounce cans diced tomatoes, 6 cups chicken broth, 3 teaspoons smoked paprika, Pinch saffron, optional, 1 pound small clams, rinsed, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 10 to 12 scallions, white and greens parts chopped separately, 4 cloves peeled garlic, minced, 3 cups uncooked longgrain rice, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, minced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 29992: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Peel bananas and slice them crosswise into 34inch thick slices. Mix the brown sugar and lime juice and toss this with bananas. Spread the sliced bananas in a shallow baking pan and broil, as close to the heat source as possible, until the sugar has melted into a glaze  2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a pretty serving bowl and serve immediately  topped with sour cream and nuts if you wish., ingredients: [2 ripe but not overly ripe bananas, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon or so of fresh lime or lemon juice, Sour cream, optional, Chopped nuts, optional], title: Broiled Bananas, picturelink: null}, 29993: {instructions: Add the avocado, fennel, and grapefruit segments to a large bowl. Toss with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place onto platter and top with parsley. Serve with grilled shrimp, if desired., ingredients: [1 avocado, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 head fennel, fronds removed and sliced, 1 grapefruit, segmented, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few sprigs fresh parsley], title: GrapefruitFennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 29994: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet and add the butter. When the butter melts, add the peaches and 14 cup sugar. Stir to blend and cook for 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the orange liqueur. Return the skillet to the heat and cook the peaches over medium heat until they are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 1 to 2 additional minutes. Transfer the peaches to a platter and spread them out. They will cool more quickly that way. Refrigerate so they cool completely.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or, alternatively, with a whisk by hand whip the cream until it forms soft peaks. Whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar and the vanilla. Whip until fairly firm in texture. When the peaches are cooled, fold them and any cooking liquid sitting on the platter into the whipped cream and transfer to a serving dish or individual glasses. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 cups sliced peaches, skin on, pitted, about 12inch thick, 14 cup superfine or granulated sugar plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Peach Fool, picturelink: null}, 29995: {instructions: PLACE frozen mango in bottom of blender. Add preserves and orange juice. Process until blended and smooth., ingredients: [1 cup frozen mango chunks, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Mountain Strawberry Preserves, 12 cup orange juice], title: Strawberry Mango Smoothie, picturelink: CflRRANm.1mOiFnRySDiPpcRqX1KItK}, 29996: {instructions: For the tuna: In a large bowl, break up the tuna with a fork and add the mayonnaise, lemon juice, red onions, green onions, basil, cilantro, parsley, mint and vinegar. Mix well to combine. Taste and season with salt, pepper and extra lemon juice and mayonnaise as desired.nFor the sandwich: Brush the softened butter on 1 side of each slice of bread, setting aside some butter for cooking the sandwiches. Place the bread butteredside down on a baking sheet. Divide the tuna among 4 slices of bread and top each with 2 slices of cheese. Complete the sandwich with the remaining 4 slices of bread, butteredside up.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add half of the remaining butter. When the butter melts, place 2 sandwiches in the pan and cook until toasted and golden brown on each side. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches. If your pan is large enough, you can cook all the sandwiches at the same time. Serve warm, with pickles., ingredients: [One 12ounce can tuna, drained, 14 cup mayonnaise, plus more if you like a creamy tuna salad, Juice of 12 lemon, plus more if desired, 14 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup chopped green onion, white parts and some of the green parts, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh mint, 12 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 8 slices sourdough bread, 8 slices Cheddar, 4 pickle spears, for serving], title: Melt Your Heart Tuna Melt, picturelink: QhGo7f6PjxzFRi9gge3voWM46Y2L1O}, 29997: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMuddle the mint leaves and lime wedges with 2 cups crushed ice in the bottom of a large pitcher. Add LimeMint Syrup, rum, lime juice, and more ice. Top off with club soda, to taste. Pour into glasses over ice and serve. Garnish each glass with a lime wedge and mint sprigs, if desired.nBring the sugar and water to a boil in a medium saucepan and cook until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat, stir in the lime zest and mint, and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to infuse the syrup with the flavor of lime and mint. Strain out the mint and zest and refrigerate the syrup, covered, until cold., ingredients: [12 cup fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 limes, cut into wedges, plus more for garnish, 2 cups crushed ice, plus more for serving, 1 cup LimeMint Syrup, recipe follows, 1 liter white rum, 12 cup fresh lime juice, Club soda, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 2 limes, zested, 12 cup fresh mint leaves], title: Mojito Limeade, picturelink: Q9pgVFPx5jPCLZyLEQi3RbLxmwnPh0a}, 29998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap the beets in foil packets and roast in the oven until tender, about 1 hour. Open the foil packets and let cool. Once cool enough to handle, peel using a paper towel, then dice.nIn a medium bowl, add the olive oil, vinegar, honey, red onions and Dijon and whisk together. Add the beets and spinach to the dressing and toss to coat. Top with the goat cheese and walnuts., ingredients: [3 medium beets, washed and trimmed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon minced red onions, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 4 cups baby spinach, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Roasted Beet Salad with Walnuts and Goat Cheese, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 29999: {instructions: In a bowl of a standing mixer, sprinkle the yeast over the warm water and stir to dissolve. Then add the sugar, eggs, and milk and blend with a paddle attachment. Add half the flour, salt, and shortening and blend well. Add the remaining flour and continue mixing to form a dough. Place the dough on a flour work surface and form into a ball. Place the dough in a greased bowl, and cover with plastic wrap then refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, punch down the dough on a work surface, then cover it with a damp towel, and let it rest for 15 minutes. Then roll the dough into a rectangle 14inch thick. With a pizza cutter, cut into 2inch squares.nHeat some oil for deep fat frying to 365 degrees F. Drop in the beignets, 3 or 4 at a time, and fry on both sides until golden brown. They will look like pillows. Drain them on a brown paper bag and dust extremely heavily with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 package dry yeast, 1 12 cups warm water just above body temperature, around 110 degrees F, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 7 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup shortening, Vegetable oil, for frying, Powdered sugar], title: Beignets II, picturelink: null}}