{30300: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nGrease mini muffin tins and set aside.nSift 2 ounce of the sugar, ground almonds and cake flour in a bowl. Add 1 egg white to form a paste. In another bowl whip the 3 egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining sugar. Continue to whip until the meringue is strong but not dry. Fold the meringue into the almond paste mixture and add the heavy cream at the end. Mix well.nFill the prepared muffin tins half full. Bake promptly in the preheated oven until golden, approximately 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the size of the molds. Cool the tea cakes about 5 minutes before unmolding them on a wire rack. Dust with confection sugar before serving. Store the cakes in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 ounces granulated sugar, 2 ounces blanched almonds, ground fine, 3 tablespoons cake flour, 1 egg white plus 3 egg whites, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, Granulated sugar for dusting], title: Almond Tea Cakes, picturelink: null}, 30301: {instructions: Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat add the chicken and cook until browned, turning, 5 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook until mostly evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir in 3 cups water, the tomatoes, bay leaves, parsley, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 50 minutes. Break up the chicken with a spoon. Cook until thickened, 20 more minutes. Remove the bay leaves.nPrepare the lasagna: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Drain the noodles and drizzle with olive oil set aside.nMeanwhile, place the kale in a large microwavesafe bowl add 12 cup water and a pinch of salt. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until tender, 5 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water squeeze dry, then return to the bowl. Stir in the eggs, ricotta, half of the parmesan and the parsley. Add 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Toss the mozzarella, asiago and the remaining parmesan in a separate bowl.nSpread 34 cup of the sauce in a 9by13inch baking dish. Top with onethird of the noodles, overlapping them slightly. Cover with half of the kale mixture, then 2 more cups sauce. Sprinkle with onethird of the mozzarella mixture. Repeat the layers noodles, kale mixture, sauce, mozzarella mixture. Top with a final layer of noodles, the remaining sauce and the remaining mozzarella mixture. Set on a baking sheet.nLoosely cover with foil and bake 40 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden and bubbly, about 25 more minutes. Let stand 30 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28 ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 3 bay leaves, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt, 1 pound lasagna noodles not noboil, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 bunches kale preferably Tuscan kale, stems removed, leaves finely chopped, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 15 ounce containers partskim ricotta cheese, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese about 3 ounces, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper, 4 cups grated fresh mozzarella cheese about 1 pound, 2 cups grated asiago cheese about 8 ounces], title: Four CheeseChicken Lasagna, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 30302: {instructions: Bring about 2 inches of water to a simmer in a large saucepan. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the eggs and sugar together until very light yellow and fluffy. Mix in the lemon juice and lemon zest. Rest the mixing bowl in the saucepan, with the bowls base resting abovenot inthe simmering water pour out some water if necessary. Cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture is thickened and custardy, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, halffill a large bowl with ice and cover with cold water. Remove the bowl with the custard in it from the hot water and whisk in the butter until melted. Rest the bottom of the bowl in the ice bath and let cool, folding the mixture occasionally to cool and thicken it. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the cream until stiff. Fold into the cooled lemon custard. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. The recipe can be made up to this point and kept refrigerated up to 3 days in advance.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F. Flour a work surface and lay out the puff pastry. Roll the sheets lightly with a rolling pin until smooth and flat. Use a 2inch fluted cookie cutter to cut out rounds from the puff pastry. Cut out the centers by pushing halfway down with a 1inch plain round small cookie cutter. Do not pull out the centers yet youll do that after they are baked. Arrange on a parchmentlined cookie sheet and bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. After 10 minutes, rotate the pan to ensure even cooking. When baked, immediately remove to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature.nCut around the centers with a paring knife to loosen, but dont cut all the way through to the bottom. You want to leave a thin layer of pastry to hold the filling. Pull out the centers to make a hollow in the center of each pastry round. Before serving, spoon or pipe a generous dollop of custard into each pastry round. Sprinkle the custard with chopped pistachios. Serve within 6 hours., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice from 3 to 4 lemons, 12 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, slightly softened at room temperature, 12 cup chilled heavy cream, 1 package puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed, 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios, 1 flowershaped or fluted cookie cutter, 2 to 2 12 inches across, 1 plain round cookie cutter, 1 inch across, 1 cookie sheet], title: Lemon Cream Daisies, picturelink: null}, 30303: {instructions: Pulse the vinegar, rum, brown sugar, scallions, garlic, chile, Pickapeppa sauce, ginger, allspice and pumpkin pie spice in a food processor to make a slightly chunky sauce. Heat the oil in a medium skillet and cook the sauce over medium heat, stirring, until the oil is absorbed and the sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Cool.nRub the jerk paste all over the chicken halves, cover, and refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours.nPrepare an outdoor grill with a mediumhigh fire for both direct and indirect grilling. Position a drip pan under the grate on indirect side. Place the chicken, skin side down, over direct heat and cook until skin crisps and has definite grill marks, about 4 minutes per side. Move to indirect heat over the drip pan and cook skin side up, covered, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 35 to 40 minutes. Let the chicken rest about 5 minutes, then cut into pieces and serve., ingredients: [13 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup dark rum, 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 2 tablespoons Pickapeppa sauce see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon freshly grated peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 chicken halves about 6 pounds], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: qLxsEbG0OFtvGhBxxoigjV7KVr0E6xe}, 30304: {instructions: For the Rioja Red Wine Sauce: Place port, wine, sugar and honey in a medium stainless steel saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 14 cup, let cool. Place reduced liquid in a blender and with the motor running, add oil until emulsified. Season with lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Pearl Onions: Place water, butter and sugar in a medium saucepan and cook until the butter and sugar is melted. Add onions and cook over high heat until the water has evaporated and the onions are cooked through and caramelized. Season with salt and pepper and lemon juice.nFor the Tuna: Heat a small saute pan over high heat. Add the fennel seeds and toast for 1 to 2 minutes. Place the seeds in a coffee grinder and grind until coarsely chopped. Season the tuna with salt and pepper to taste on both sides. Dredge 1 side of each fillet in the fennel seeds. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Saute the tuna, fennelside down until golden brown 1 to 2 minutes. Turn the fish over and continue cooking for 1 minute for rare doneness. Drizzle the fish with Rioja sauce and parsley. Serve with caramelized onions and braised fennel.nFor the Braised Fennel: Brown fennel in olive oil in medium pan. Deglaze pan with wine and stock. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and braise until tender., ingredients: [1 cup port, 2 cups Rioja red wine, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 34 cup olive oil, Lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 12 cup water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 10 red pearl onions, scored, blanched and peeled, 10 white pearl onions, scored, blanched and peeled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, Lemon juice, 14 cup whole fennel seeds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tuna fillets, 5 to 6 ounces each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Chopped fresh parsley, 1 head fennel, quartered, Olive oil, to cook, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Toasted Fennel Crusted Tuna with Rioja Red Wine Sauce, Caramelized Baby Onions and Braised Fennel, picturelink: null}, 30305: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 6ounce stainlesssteel or ceramic moldsnMake panna cotta: Blend strawberries, buttermilk, and sugar in a blender until very smooth. Pour through a very fine sieve into a medium bowl, pressing hard on solids and scraping the bottom of the sieve. Discard solids.nSprinkle gelatin over milk in a small bowl and let stand 1 minute to soften.nBring cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat and add gelatin mixture, stirring until dissolved.nWhisk cream mixture into strawberry puree and pour into molds. Chill molds, covered, until firm, at least 8 hours.nTo unmold: Dip molds in a small bowl of hot water 2 or 3 seconds, then invert onto dessert plates and remove molds. Let stand at room temperature 20 minutes to soften slightly.nMake compote while panna cottas stand: Halve strawberries lengthwise if small, or quarter if larger. Whisk together orange juice and superfine sugar in a bowl until sugar is dissolved and add strawberries, tossing to coat. Set the compote aside to macerate for 10 minutes.nServe panna cotta with compote., ingredients: [3 cups sliced strawberries 1 pound, 1 34 cups wellshaken lowfat buttermilk, 6 tablespoons sugar, 2 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, from less than 2 14ounce envelopes, 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 12 cups strawberries preferably small 34 pound, trimmed, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 teaspoons superfine granulated sugar], title: Strawberry Panna Cotta with Strawberry Compote, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 30306: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt chocolate chips in a double boiler over barely simmering water, whisking until completely melted. Melt butterscotch morsels in a large glass bowl in the microwave on 50 percent power, whisking after 1 minute, and then returning to microwave for 1 more minute.nWith a small ice cream scoop, scoop as many ice cream balls as desired, place them on a sheet tray, and put tray in the freezer for about 30 minutes or until refrozen. Drizzle melted butterscotch and chocolate over ice cream scoops. Return to freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 bag semisweet chocolate morsels, 1 bag butterscotch morsels, 1 pint each of your choice of 3 flavors: vanilla, chocolate, butterscotch, caramel, or butter pecan ice cream], title: Butterscotch BonBons, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 30307: {instructions: Make a brown roux with butter and flour, mix in the minced vegetables to cool, add cream to thin, if needed.nIn skillet saute green onions, garlic and butter. Add crawfish tails and heat well. Sprinkle with 1 12 tablespoons of spice mixture. Add this to the roux, cream mixture and create consistency desired not soupy or too thick.nPour the hot crawfish mixture into the pie crust and serve hot.nMix ingredients in a bowl and store in an air tight container., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 14 cup flour, 13 cup minced onion, 12 cup minced bell pepper, 14 minced celery, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup green onion chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 1 pound crawfish tails, taken out of the shells, Spice Mixture, recipe follows, Store bought 9inch pie crust, blind baked, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon thyme leaves, 18 teaspoon basil leaves], title: Crawfish Pie, picturelink: null}, 30308: {instructions: Hold a shrimp into a straight position in your left hand or right hand, if youre left handed. Starting at the tail end, insert a skewer running the length of the shrimp. Place a basil leaf on the back the formerly rounded part of the shrimp. Wrap the shrimp in bacon, tucking in the ends. Skewer and wrap the remaining shrimp the same way.nSet up the grill for direct grilling and preheat to high.nArrange the shrimp on a grate, placing an aluminum foil protector under the exposed portion of the skewers to keep them from burning. Grill the kebabs until the bacon is nicely browned and the shrimp are cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side, 4 to 6 minutes in all, turning the kebabs to insure even cooking., ingredients: [24 extra large shrimp about 1 12 pounds, peeled and deveined, 24 fresh basil leaves, 24 thin strips bacon, each 6 to 7 inches long, 24 slender bamboo skewers 8 to 10inches long, soaked in water for 30 minute], title: Bacon, Shrimp and Basil Skewers, picturelink: 4Ga74k55k4b7pu2NPzEJ37sTDOsWS0y}, 30309: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a saute pan and add the scallions. Cook for 5 minutes or until soft. Meanwhile, squeeze most of the water out of the spinach and place it in a bowl. Add the scallions, dill, eggs, feta, salt, and pepper and mix together.nKeep the phyllo dough sheets covered with a damp kitchen towel. Unfold 1 sheet of the phyllo dough. Brush the sheet with melted butter and sprinkle with breadcrumbs. Repeat the process by laying a second sheet of phyllo dough over the first sheet, brush it with melted butter and sprinkle with breadcrumbs until all 10 sheets have been used. Spoon 34 cup of the spinach mixture into a sausage shape along one edge of the phyllo dough. Roll it up. Brush the top with butter and score the roll into 1inch rounds. Place it on an oiled baking sheet. Repeat until all the pastry and filling have been used.nPlace in the oven and bake for 12 minutes or until the edges are lightly browned. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 bunch chopped scallions, white and green parts, 2 10ounce boxes frozen chopped spinach, defrosted, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 3 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 7 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 40 sheets 1 box frozen phyllo dough such as Pepperidge Farm, defrosted overnight in the refrigerator, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup plain dry breadcrumbs], title: Spanokopita, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 30310: {instructions: Put the tomatoes in a bowl and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt let sit 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the lime juice, mustard, honey, jalapeno, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Gradually pour in the olive oil, whisking constantly until emulsified.nWhen ready to serve, halve the avocados, remove the pits, peel and thinly slice. Add to the bowl with the dressing, then add the lettuce and tomatoes. Gently toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds green unripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, Kosher salt, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 avocados, 2 cups mache or Bibb lettuce leaves], title: Spicy Green TomatoAvocado Salad, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 30311: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. In a dry bowl, melt the chocolate over barely simmering water. Remove from heat. In a medium saucepan, combine the cream and 1 tablespoon of sugar. Bring to a scald. Meanwhile, put the remaining sugar, framboise and egg yolks in a large bowl and whisk just to blend. While gently whisking the yolks, drizzle the hot cream into them to gradually warm them up. Whisk in the warm chocolate. Strain into a pitcher. Divide the custard among 8 ramekins. Add 13 of the berries and 13 of the mango cubes. Dunk each piece of fruit so that it is completely coated with custard. Skim any bubbles off the surface. Put the cups in a roasting pan and add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the cups. Tightly cover the pan with foil and bake 35 to 45 minutes. They should still jiggle slightly but their surfaces should be set. Let cool to room temperature in the bath then remove the custards and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. To serve, sprinkle on some sugar and melt with tip of a propane torch flame. While still hot, sprinkle on the rest of the raspberries and mango., ingredients: [5 ounces semisweet chocolate, 3 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon framboise, 8 large egg yolks, 1 pint raspberries, 1 ripe mango, cut into 12inch dice, Extra sugar for the caramel top], title: Chocolate MangoRaspberry Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 30312: {instructions: Pat chicken dry and season with 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Heat butter in a wide, heavy 7 to 8quart pot over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then brown chicken in 2 batches, skin side down first, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken as browned to a plate.nAdd onion to pot, along with oregano and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and saute, stirring, until light golden, about 5 minutes. Peel and coarsely grate the baking potatoes with a box grater, and add to the pot. Add back the chicken, broth, and water. Simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes.nTransfer chicken with tongs to a cutting board to cool. Drain the cubed yellow potatoes and add to pot. Simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until cubed potatoes are almost tender, about 10 minutes. Add corn and simmer, covered, until tender, 5 to 10 minutes more. While corn is cooking, remove skin and bones from chicken and coarsely shred meat. Add meat to pot and heat through.nServe stew with accompaniments in separate bowls., ingredients: [1 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large white onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 1 12 pound baking potatoes, like russets, 6 cups chicken broth, 1 cup water, 2 pounds yellowfleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold, peeled, cut into 12inch cubes, and covered with water in a bowl, 3 ears corn, cut crosswise into 1inch pieces, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 3 ripe Hass avocados, quartered, pitted, peeled, and cut into 12inch cubes], title: Colombian Chicken, Corn, and Potato Stew: Ajiaco, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 30313: {instructions: Season flour with black pepper and crab boil seasoning and dredge shrimp in flour mixture. Heat clarified butter over mediumhigh heat and add shrimp and garlic. When shrimp begins to turn pink, douse with white wine to deglaze pan and squeeze just 12 of the lemon over the shrimp reserving the other half for later, then transfer shrimp to a utility platter, cover and set aside in a warm place.nReduce heat to medium and to the liquids in the pan, add just 3 tablespoons of the fresh basil reserving balance for garnish, capers, red bell pepper, jalapeno, and white mushrooms and cook for about 5 to 8 minutes to integrate flavors. Then, add the can of tomatoes in puree and allow to cook, partially covered, for about 25 minutes to reduce and thicken, seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, as needed.nWhile the sauce is reducing, bring 2 12 cups water to boil. Add the rice along with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon butter. Return to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 20 minutes leaving undisturbed. Then remove from heat and leave rice covered for an additional 5 minutes.nRemove sauce from heat and stir in cream. Reserve 4 pieces of shrimp for garnish and stir rest of shrimp into sauce. Place rice in center of serving dish. Spoon sauce with shrimp onto rice, and garnish with 4 reserved pieces of shrimp. Squeeze remaining 12 of lemon over shrimp. Garnish with reserved freshly chopped basil and serve., ingredients: [12 cup allpurposes flour, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 pound about 25 pieces 2125 count shrimp, cleaned and shells removed, 3 tablespoons clarified butter you will need 14 cup to begin with if clarifying your own, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup white wine, 1 fresh lemon, cut in 12, 5 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, divided, 12 teaspoon capers, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 small jalapeno, thinly sliced, 14 pound white mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 1 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, in puree, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups water, 1 cup white rice, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Shrimp Scampi Del Rey, picturelink: NeG1fUvYDPpHW8lJoDS96lxStY2Gu}, 30314: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat a large baking sheet with nonstick vegetable spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk eggs and sugar until thick and pale, about 3 minutes. Stir in oil. Fold in flour. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nDivide dough into 3 pieces. On a floured board, press 1 piece of dough into a rectangle about 6 by 10 inches. Spread 2 tablespoons preserves over the dough. Sprinkle on 13 cup raisins, 14 cup currants, and 2 tablespoons nuts. Dust lightly with cinnamon. Roll up as for a jelly roll. Place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nBake in preheated oven 35 minutes. Let cool. Cut into slices 12inch thick., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 34 cups selfrising flour or allpurpose flour mixed with 4 teaspoons baking powder, 6 tablespoons apricot preserves, melted, 1 cup golden raisins, 34 cup currants, 6 tablespoons chopped walnuts, Cinnamon], title: Jewish Scottish Strudel, picturelink: null}, 30315: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a saucepan on medium heat until the sugar is dissolved.nTo make glaze: Mix 12 tablespoon cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water. Heat sauce on medium high heat and add cornstarch water mixture. Simmer until thickened., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons sweet rice wine, 1 tablespoon, plus 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water], title: Teriyaki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30316: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly brush both sides of the bread slices with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and put into the oven for about 12 minutes, or until crispy on the outside and soft within. Keep warm until needed.nTurn on your espresso machine and build up the pressure.nIn a saucepan, heat the cream over medium heat just until it simmers. Remove from the heat.nBreak the eggs into a bowl, whisk until blended, and season with salt and pepper. Whisk in the hot cream and 1 tablespoon of the chives.nPour 14 of the egg mixture into a heatproof 1cup measuring cup a metal pitcher for steaming milk works well. Plunge the steamer wand deep into the eggs and steam them, keeping the nozzle deep and rotating the cup to cook the eggs evenly. Dont shake the cup or the eggs will scramble. You want them to set into a cake, being careful not to overcook them. You will notice the noise changes as the eggs solidify. Lower the cup and steam the surface of the eggs. The eggs should remain soft and not be fully set.nInvert the cup onto a warm plate, top with a spoonful of caviar, and sprinkle with some of the remaining chives. Serve with 2 slices of the toasted bread. Repeat to make 4 servings., ingredients: [8 thin slices bread from a good, crusty loaf, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing on bread, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 extralarge eggs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 4 spoonfuls caviar], title: Cappuccino Eggs, picturelink: null}, 30317: {instructions: Peel and devein the shrimp. Rinse under cold water and pat the shrimp dry with paper towels. Beat the eggs with 3 tablespoons of water and the olive oil. Add the parsley, garlic saffron, baking soda and salt. Stir in the flour to make a smooth batter and allow to rest for 1 hour, unrefrigerated.nIn a deep pan heat olive oil to 350 degrees F. Dip shrimp into batter, allowing any excess to drip off. Fry until golden brown and slightly puffed., ingredients: [1 lb. large shrimp, U 1620 size, 3 eggs, 12tsp. extravirgin olive oil, 1 Tbs. parsley, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pinch saffron, 14tsp. baking soda, 12tsp. Gray salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, pinch of freshlyground black pepper], title: BatterFried Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 30318: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and slice as thinly as possible on a mandoline directly into a large, 8quart container filled with 4 quarts of cold water. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nDrain the potatoes and rinse with clean, cold water spin dry in a salad spinner. Transfer the potatoes to an 11quart pot, cover with the milk and set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, about 35 minutes. Reduce the heat in order to maintain a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are fork tender and beginning to fall apart, 25 to 30 minutes.nReserve 1 cup of the cooking milk. Drain the potatoes thoroughly in a colander and return them to the pot. Press the potatoes through a ricer into a large mixing bowl. Add the reserved hot milk, butter and salt and use an electric hand mixer to whip on low speed for 15 to 30 seconds. Do not overwhip., ingredients: [4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, washed and rinsed, 1 gallon whole milk, 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Whipped Potatoes, picturelink: 6HB2ZbWgf6bCwC7pZEOesGerHbMBSu}, 30319: {instructions: In a highsided skillet over medium heat, add the oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nCut each tortilla into 8 triangles. Fry the triangles in batches until they are golden brown and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on brown paper and season with salt.nCut the kernels off the corn and add them to a bowl. Add the cilantro, tomatoes, half the onion reserve the other 12 for Online Round 2 Recipe Cheesy Hot Dog Scramble, hot sauce, lime juice, salt and pepper, to taste, and stir to combine.nServe the corn salsa with tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 cups canola oil, for frying, 6 corn tortillas, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Reserved 2 ears grilled corn from Zesty Grilled Corn recipe, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Round 2 Recipe  Corn Salsa, picturelink: eo4rEu4UOOydFOSaKwRqpA0hUVvApvO}, 30320: {instructions: Mix the dark and light rum, orgeat syrup, and orange and pineapple juice in a cocktail shaker with ice cubes or crushed ice. Pour into a glass. Float the triple sec on top by pouring it over the back of a spoon. Garnish with the pineapple wedge and cherry.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 ounce dark rum, 12 ounce light rum, 14 ounce orgeat almondflavored syrup, 2 ounces orange juice, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 14 ounce triple sec, Pineapple wedge and maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: Tonga Mai Tai, picturelink: n400DFVIzLb85k8IuUEVmMwQhwtpNem}, 30321: {instructions: In a stockpot, melt the butter over low heat until bubbling. Do not burn. Add the onions and caramelize over medium heat do not let them brown.nAdd the lobster stock, potatoes, carrots, celery, chives, parsley, cayenne and 1 12 cups water. Season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are cooked soft but hold up, about 15 minutes. Add the cream and milk and bring to a boil. Immediately turn down the heat.nWhile the cream and milk are warming, heat the extravirgin olive oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is smoking, add the lobster meat and season with salt and pepper to taste. When the lobster meat is warm, deglaze the pan with the sherry. Add the warmed lobster meat and juices to the cream mixture. Season with salt and pepper, if needed. Ladle into serving bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup diced Spanish onion diced in a food processor, 2 cups lobster stock purchase from a reputable seafood market or make from scratch using lobster carcasses, mirepoix, herbs, 2 cups 12inch cubed potatoes, 1 12 cups diced carrot, 1 12 cups diced celery, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups 1 pint heavy cream, 1 12 cups whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound fresh lobster meat, coarsely chopped into 2inch pieces, 13 cup sherry wine], title: Lobster Stew, picturelink: null}, 30322: {instructions: In a hot wok coated with oil saute onions until caramelized. Add galangal, chilies, lemon grass and leaves. Deglaze with fish sauce. Add chicken stock and slowly simmer to a 20 percent reduction. Strain and keep hot. Check for seasoning. In a very hot wok coated with oil stir fry mussels until they start to open. Add leeks and carrots. Season. Check again for flavor. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 sliced onion, 2 long slices of galangal or 4 of ginger, 2 fresh serrano chiles or fresh Thai bird chilies, destemmed, sliced, 4 stalks lemon grass, white part sliced, 4 kaffir lime leaves, 2 tablespoons 3Crab fish sauce, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 pound Prince Edward Island Mussels, cleaned and prepped, 2 large leeks, white part julienned, 1 carrot, spaghetticut, or fine julienne, Salt and white pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook], title: Thai Spiced Mussel Soup with Leeks and Carrot Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 30323: {instructions: Whisk together lemon juice, red wine, onion, garlic, herbs and seasonings. Place lamb and mushrooms in marinade and put in refrigerator for 6 hours. Thread ingredients onto skewers alternating lamb, mushrooms, peppers, and tomatoes using 2 pieces of each. Place on grill brushing with marinade and cook until medium rare turning occasionally, about 6 to, ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced and zested, 12 cup red wine, alcohol cooked off, 1 minced onion, 1 clove minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped mint, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 pounds lamb loin, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 12 porcini mushrooms cut into 1 12inch cubes, 12 peeled red pearl onions, 2 yellow peppers cut into 1 12inch cubes, 12 cherry tomatoes], title: Lamb Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 30324: {instructions: Place the chia seeds in a cup or jar, add 12 cup of the almond milk and stir thoroughly to combine. Set the mixture aside for 10 minutes, or refrigerate overnight or up to 4 days.nTransfer the mixture to a blender. Add the blueberries, vanilla, coconut butter and cinnamon, and blend until smooth, adding honey to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chia seeds, 1 12 cups almond milk, 1 cup blueberries, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 heaping tablespoon coconut butter or coconut oil, Pinch cinnamon, Raw honey], title: Blueberry and Chia Seed Smoothie, picturelink: 0neYKjXvOONf3wAqB7icpCWRF8AM0tO}, 30325: {instructions: In a large deep saucepan bring neck, giblets, broth, water, celery, carrot, and onion to a boil, skimming froth. Add remaining ingredients and cook, uncovered at a bare simmer 2 hours, or until liquid is reduced to about 6 cups. Pour stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stock may be made 2 days ahead. Cool stock completely, uncovered, and keep chilled or frozen in an airtight container., ingredients: [Neck and giblets excluding liver form a 12 to 14 pound turkey, 5 cups chicken broth, 6 cups water, 1 celery rib, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, quartered, 1 bay leaf, 2 fresh flatleafed parsley sprigs, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns], title: Turkey Giblet Stock, picturelink: null}, 30326: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Peel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of garlic. Cut off the top third of each head to open the cloves. Put the heads, cut sides up, in a small baking dish and pour the olive oil over them. Season with salt and pepper. Cover tightly, place in the oven and roast until about 34 cooked about 45 minutes.nUncover and return to the oven until the cloves begin to pop out of their skins and brown about 15 minutes. Let cool. When cool enough to handle easily, squeeze the roasted garlic into a small bowl. Press firmly against the skins to extract all the sweet roasted garlic you can. Add the oil from the baking dish, the Parmesan cheese, rosemary and a pinch of gray salt. Mix well until a paste forms. Store tightly covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 lb. whole garlic heads, 12cup pure olive oil, gray salt, freshlyground pepper, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 Tbs. fresh rosemary], title: RoastedGarlic Paste, picturelink: null}, 30327: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGenerously season the turkey breast with salt and pepper. On a sheet pan fitted with a rack arrange the sage and thyme and put the turkey breast on top of the herbs. Put in the oven and pour the chicken broth into the sheet pan. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove the breast from the oven to a cutting board and cover with foil. Allow to rest for 15 minutes before slicing.nFor the Cranberry Mayo:nIn a small bowl mix together the cranberry sauce, mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard, hot sauce and chives. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nLightly butter 1 side of a slice of bread and put the buttered side down, on a sheet pan lined with waxed paper. Spread a little of the Cranberry Mayo onto the bread and top with some of the sliced turkey. Top with a tablespoon of stuffing and spread a little bit more of the Cranberry Mayo on top of the stuffing. Top with half a slice of cheese. Lightly butter another slice of bread and put the buttered side up, on top of the sandwich. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nWorking in batches, put the sandwiches into a preheated panini press and cook until the cheese is melted and the bread is lightly browned and crispy, about 4 minutes.nStove Top Instructions: Working in batches, put the sandwiches in a large skillet over medium heat and cook until bread is browned and crispy and the cheese is melted, about 3 to 4 minutes per side,nArrange the sandwiches on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 5pound turkey breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 sage leaves, 1 15ounce can chicken broth, 1 stick softened unsalted butter, 2 French baguettes, sliced into approximately 14inch thick slices, 1 cup Cranberry Mayo, 1 7ounce box stuffing mix, prepared according to box instructions, 12 pound havarti cheese, sliced, 12 cup cranberry sauce, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives], title: Mini Thanksgiving Pressed Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 30328: {instructions: Cover noodles with boiling water. Soak 20 minutes or until soft but not fully cooked. Drain and set aside.nIn a small nonreactive bowl whisk together lime juice, water, fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, cayenne, and oil. Set aside.nAdd oil, garlic, shallots and shrimp to 12inch, nonstick skillet. Turn heat to medium high and cook until shrimp is mostly pink about 3 to 4 minutes. Add eggs, stir and scramble until just moist.nAdd noodles, fish sauce mixture, peanuts, sprouts and scallions. Using a pair of tongs or 2 large spoons, toss until noodles are evenly coated.nAdd the cilantro. Cook tossing constantly until noodles are tender and sauce has thickened slightly, about 3 to 4 minutes more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces rice stick noodles, 13 cup lime juice, 13 cup water, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons roasted peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 shallot, finely minced, 12 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, cut into small pieces, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts, roughly chopped, 4 cups bean sprouts, 1 cup thinly sliced scallions, about two small bunches, 1 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves], title: Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 30329: {instructions: Peel and core apples and cut into 12inch cubes. In a heavy saucepan simmer apples, sugar, Calavdos, and clove for 5 minutes, or until apples are tender but still hold their shape. Stir in raisins.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nButter bread on 1 side. Cut out 4 bread rounds to fit in bottoms of four 12 to 34cup charlotte molds or ramekins. Cut 4 rounds the same size as tops of molds or ramekins. Cut remaining 4 bread slices into 1inch strips. Put bottom rounds, buttered side down, in molds. Arrange strips vertically, buttered sides against inside of molds, slightly overlapping. Press them gently to adhere and trim any overhang flush with rims. Divide apple mixture among molds and top with remaining rounds, buttered sides up, pressing gently. Charlottes may be prepared up to this point 3 hours ahead and chilled, covered.nBake charlottes on a baking sheet in upper third of oven 20 minutes, or until bread is golden.nSpoon a few tablespoons creme anglaise recipe follows onto each of 4 dessert plates and invert apple charlottes onto sauce, ingredients: [2 large Bramley, Braeburn, or Golden Delicious apples about 1 pound, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup Calvados French apple brandy, 1 whole clove, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 slices firm white sandwich bread], title: Apple Charlottes with Calvados Creme Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 30330: {instructions: Slice the yellowtail very thinly and fan out on a plate.nBrush the minced garlic over the sashimi evenly. Sprinkle the ginger, scallions, and jalapeno evenly over the fish. Drizzle the soy sauce, yuzu, and ponzu evenly over the fish.nHeat a small saucepan over high heat. Carefully add the olive oil to the extremely hot pan and heat until it just begins to smoke, about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and carefully pour over the fish. The hot oil will sear the outside of the fish.nGarnish with a lemon wedge and julienned daikon., ingredients: [4 ounces fresh premium yellowtail belly, if available, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12ounce fresh ginger, finely julienne, 1 12 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon finely diced red jalapeno, 1 tablespoon finely diced green jalapeno, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon yuzu juice Japanese citrus, 1 tablespoon ponzu sauce Japanese citrus vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon wedge, for serving, Daikon radish, cut into julienne, for serving], title: Yellowtail Sashimi with Diced Chiles, picturelink: null}, 30331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 9inch cake pans with shortening and set aside.nCream together the shortening and the sugar. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Slowly alternate adding the egg yolks and milk with the dry ingredients and mix until well combined. Add the vanilla and mix well.nPour into the prepared pans, about 550 grams of batter for each cake. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on a rack., ingredients: [34 cup butter flavored vegetable shortening, 140 grams, 1 14 cup sugar, 300 grams, 2 12 cups cake flour, sifted, 300 grams, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 14 grams, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 egg yolks, beaten, 130 grams, 34 cup milk, 180 grams, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Gold Cake, picturelink: gjWXwe21xejBoQqeX2peo18f46Zy7kC}, 30332: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLay 12 of the graham crackers on a cookie sheet. Top with chocolate pieces to cover. Use kitchen scissors to snip the marshmallows in 12 horizontally if using miniature crackers and place 12 a marshmallow on top of each graham cracker. If using regular size crackers use a whole marshmallow.nBake until the marshmallows are puffed and golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the remaining graham crackers, pressing down slightly to make a sandwich. Serve immediately, while still warm., ingredients: [32 miniature graham crackers or 8 regular size graham crackers, broken in 12, 2 milk chocolate bars, the kind that can be broken into squares, 8 marshmallows], title: Indoor Smores, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 30333: {instructions: First make the bechamel sauce. In a saucepan melt butter. Add flour, stir to combine and cook for 3 minutes. Then add the hot milk, and cook whisking occasionally for 35 minutes until thickened and lightly coating the back of a spoon. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and nutmeg and set aside. For the meat sauce, in a skillet melt butter. Add onions, carrots, celery and cook, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes. Then add the smoked ham and cook for another 5 minutes. Add ground beef and pork, and white wine, stir to combine and reduce 1 minute. Add plum tomatoes, chicken stock, tomato paste, bay leaf, oregano, salt  pepper to taste. Bring to a boil and simmer 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 F. Brush the bottom and sides of a 9x12x13inch baking dish with butter. Spread a layer of the meat sauce evenly over the bottom of a baking dish. Then add 1 cup of the bechamel saucesmoothing it over the meat sauce. Add 13 of the lasagne sheets. Continue with 3 more layers. Sprinkle top with parmesan cheese. Place in oven and bake for 30 minutes, or until the cheese is bubbling., ingredients: [4 Tbsp butter, 4 Tbsp flour, 2 12 cup heated milk, salt  pepper to taste, nutmeg to taste, 3 Tbsp butter, 1 cup minced onion, 12 cup minced celery, 14 cup minced carrots, 1 cup minced smoked ham, 12 lb each, ground beef  ground pork lightly browned in olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chopped canned plum tomatoes, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 Tbsp tomato paste, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, salt  pepper to taste], title: Classic Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 30334: {instructions: For the brownies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom of a jellyroll pan, then line with parchment paper and grease the paper.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, melt the shortening and chocolate together, stirring every 30 seconds and cooking until melted. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the eggs well. Add the granulated sugar and vanilla beat to combine thoroughly. Beat in the chocolate mixture.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Stir into the chocolate mixture. Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan.nBake the brownies until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Release the edges with a butter knife, and turn the brownies out onto a cutting board to cool completely. Cut in half, creating two large, equal pieces.nFor the filling: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the shortening and vanilla. Add the confectioners sugar, 1 cup at a time, adding 1 tablespoon of water between each addition and mixing until you get a spreadable consistency. You may not need to add all the water.nSpread the filling over one of the large brownie pieces, and cover with the other piece like a sandwich. Cut into 2inch squares., ingredients: [23 cup solid vegetable shortening, plus additional for greasing pan, 4 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate, 4 large eggs, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 12 cups confectioners sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons warm water], title: Double Stuffed Brownies, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 30335: {instructions: Blend all ingredients, except whipped cream, until thick and creamy consistency of a thick milk shake. Serve in a chilled glass. Top with whipped cream., ingredients: [4 ounces milk, 3 ounces bourbon, 3 large scoops vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream], title: Aspen Crud, picturelink: null}, 30336: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pulled pork: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and slightly softened, about 2 more minutes. Add the achiote paste and mix well to incorporate. Add the orange and pineapple juices and bring to a boil. Once it boils, turn the heat off and carefully transfer to a blender. Cool. Process the mixture until smooth, about 2 minutes. Set aside.nSprinkle the pork butt heavily with salt and pepper on all sides. Arrange the orange skins on the bottom of a slow cooker, skinside up this adds more flavor to the pork and ensures the meat will not dry out. Place the pork butt on top of the oranges. Pour the achiote puree inside the slow cooker. Cover the slow cooker and turn on to high heat. Let it cook until the pork is tender and ready to shred, about 5 hours.nTurn the slow cooker off and remove the oranges from the pot and discard. Let the pork cool slightly before shredding. Using two forks or with clean hands, shred the pork. Return the shredded meat to the slow cooker filled with sauce and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the pickled habaneros: Mix the habanero chiles, lime juice, olive oil, oregano and salt into a small bowl. Mix well to incorporate. Let stand at least 20 minutes. They can be made 1 day ahead.nFor the pickled red onions: Mix together the red onions, lime juice, olive oil, regano and salt into a medium bowl. Mix well to incorporate. Let stand for 30 minutes. They can be made 1 day ahead.nFor the fried black bean filled tortillas panuchos: Using a 5inch round cookie cutter, cut a smaller tortilla out of each tortilla. Save the scraps for making chilaquiles, tortilla soup, etc. Heat 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Then add the beans to warm and soften, about 5 minutes, stirring continuously to avoid burning. Turn the heat off and reserve.nIn a large saute pan, heat the remaining 12 cup of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. While the oil is heating, form the panuchos. Start by spreading 1 tablespoon of warmed beans on the surface of the tortilla. Stack the second tortilla over it pressing on the edges to seal. Remove the excess beans on the side of the panucho. Working in batches, fry the panuchos until golden in color, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and drain on a papertowellined plate.nTo serve: Top each panucho with about 13 cup of cochinita pibil. Top with the pickled red onions and habaneros, if desired. Take a bite, die and go to heaven., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 white onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons achiote paste, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice from 6 oranges, skins reserved, 13 cup pineapple juice, 2 12 pounds pork butt, cut into 3inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 5 habanero chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 red onion, quartered and cut in 1inch strips, 23 cup freshly squeezed lime juice about 5 limes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon crumbled dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 20 corn tortillas, 12 cup and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 can refried black beans], title: Shredded Pork and Bean Panuchos with Pickled Habanero and Onions Cochinita Pibil, picturelink: ZCBr2FU4It5Iu5mNeR73nQ7.l71dWu}, 30337: {instructions: Dough:nIn a food processor or mixer with a dough hook, combine the yeast, sugar and 34 cup water. Allow the yeast to proof for about 5 minutes, bubbles will form around the outer edges.nAdd the oil, flour, and salt. Begin processing or mixing the ingredients, slowly pouring in the remaining 1 cup of water. Mix until the dough balls together and is shiny and elastic, about 5 minutes. Add a little olive oil to a large bowl and spread evenly around the bowl to prevent the dough from sticking. Add the dough, cover with plastic wrap and put in a warm spot I use the microwave oven for about 2 hours. Punch the dough down and let it rise again, about another 2 hours. I prefer to make my dough early in the day for evening dinner or a day ahead.nSauce:nCombine all the ingredients in a small saucepan and simmer over mediumlow heat until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 30 minutes.nI use 2 ovens when I cook my pizzas, 1 oven is preheated to 450 degrees F with a Hearthkit in it, and the other oven is preheated at 500 degrees F with a pizza stone. Heat the stones for at least 1 hour before baking pizzas.nAssembly:nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions. Roll out dough until very thin and cannot be rolled further. Sprinkle about 12 teaspoon of polenta onto a pizza peel. Put the dough on the peel and spread 12 tablespoon of oil all around the edges. Add 14 cup of pizza sauce to the middle of the dough and spread it to the outer edges, leaving about a 1inch margin. Sprinkle the sauce with the mozzarella and Monterey Jack cheeses. Top with crumbled sausage and drizzle the remaining 12 tablespoon of olive oil over the pizza. Bake for 10 minutes in the 450 degree F oven. If using only 1 oven, raise the heat to 500 degrees F. Remove the pizza from the oven and top with the cooked crawfish. Put the pizza in the 500 degree F oven and cook until the top is golden brown and bubbling, about 2 minutes.nTransfer the pizzas to a cutting board and slice. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nMangia, mangia., ingredients: [1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup warm water 108 to 112 degrees F, plus 1 cup warm water, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 5 cups bread flour recommended: King Arthur, 1 teaspoon salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon butter, Polenta or cornmeal, for dusting the pizza peel, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeno, 12 pound andouille sausage cooked with 1 teaspoon crushed fennel seeds, 12 cup cooked crawfish], title: Crawfish and Andouille Sausage Pizza, picturelink: Pikuvy0r8UDQQ3Xupjw.tEjAubj5O32}, 30338: {instructions: Combine strawberry liqueur, chocolate liqueur and coffee in a coffee mug. Float whipped topping on top. Garnish with a fresh strawberry and serve., ingredients: [12 shot strawberry liqueur, 1 shot chocolate liqueur recommended: Godiva, Coffee, Whipped topping, for garnish, Fresh strawberry, for garnish], title: Chocolate Dipped Strawberry Coffee, picturelink: null}, 30339: {instructions: Put the vodka and sherry in a mixing glass, add large ice and stir thoroughly. Slowly singlestrain into a martini glass. Garnish with an orange peel or flame an orange peelsee Cooks Note and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, such as Ketel One, 1 ounce fino sherry, Large strip of orange peel, for garnish], title: Flame of Love, picturelink: IUaS16xD8vs4gaaFm4lNQwZgPwB9RvK}, 30340: {instructions: Combine the milk, pumpkin puree, sugar, pumpkin pie spice and vanilla in a medium microwave safe bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and vent with a small hole. Microwave until the milk is hot, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk vigorously until the milk mixture is foamy, about 30 seconds.nPour the espresso or coffee into a large mug and add the foamed milk. Top with whipped cream and a sprinkle of pumpkin pie spice., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons pure pumpkin puree, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup hot espresso or strong brewed coffee, Sweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: Pumpkin Spice Latte, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 30341: {instructions: Combine milk, shortening, sugar, and salt in a saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat set aside and allow to cool.nMix yeast with 14 cup lukewarm water in a large bowl set aside until yeast dissolves and little bubbles begin to appear on the surface, about 10 minutes.nPour cooled milk mixture into yeast. Stir in eggs and gradually add flour, stirring with a wooden spoon until dough is too stiff to stir, then use your hands to knead in the flour dough will be sticky, so grease your hands with a little butter. Brush a small amount of butter on the inside of a large bowl and on one side of a sheet of waxed paper. Place dough in bowl, cover with buttered waxed paper, and lay a clean damp dish towel on top. Set aside to rise until doubled, at least three hours.nTurn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until elastic, then roll out to 12 inch thickness. Cut dough with a 3inch biscuit cutter, dip each round into melted butter, and fold in half. Line up, round edges up, sides touching, in a baking pan. Cover with buttered waxed paper and a towel, and set aside to rise, at least 2 12 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Rolls are best served warm., ingredients: [1 14 cups milk, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, One 7gram packet active dry yeast, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 cups flour, 34 cup melted butter], title: Georgines Fluffy Rolls, picturelink: null}, 30342: {instructions: To make the brine: In a large stockpot, over mediumhigh heat, heat oil and sweat the onions, peppers and garlic until just softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add water, sugar, salt, wine, honey and peppercorns and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, let cool 15 minutes then add ice to cool completely. Submerge chicken pieces into brine and refrigerate for 4 to 12 hours.nRemove chicken from brine, rinse and pat dry. In a small bowl, combine the flour and spices. Divide mixture between 2 shallow bowls. Pour buttermilk in a separate bowl. Dredge chicken pieces in flour, then buttermilk, then dredge in second bowl of flour. Set pieces on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack and let chicken rest 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil in a skillet to 350 degrees F. Add the chicken carefully, cooking in batches, if necessary. Do not overcrowd pan. Cook chicken until golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes, turning pieces as they brown. Remove to a paper towellined plate and immediately season with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cloves garlic, 4 quarts water, 12 cup sugar, 23 cup kosher salt, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup honey, 4 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 quarts ice, 2 whole fryers, cut into 8 pieces each, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons dried marjoram, 2 tablespoons dried tarragon, 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons granulated onion, 6 cups buttermilk, 1 quart peanut or canola oil, Salt, Special Equipment: Large cast iron skillet or heavy skillet, for frying], title: Happy Birthday Stacey Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30343: {instructions: Bring the rice, 1 13 cups water and 14 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the peas cover and set aside.nPuree 12 cup yogurt, the garlic, ginger, lime juice, cumin, cayenne and 34 teaspoon salt in a food processor. Transfer all but 3 tablespoons of the mixture to a large bowl. Pierce the fish a few times with a fork and season with salt add to the bowl and toss. Marinate 15 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Place the fish on a broiler pan top with the marinade and butter. Broil until opaque, 6 to 8 minutes. Mix the remaining 14 cup yogurt, the cilantro, and salt to taste with the yogurt mixture. Serve the fish and rice with the yogurt sauce and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, rinsed, Kosher salt, 12 cup frozen peas, 34 cup plain yogurt, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 6ounce tilapia fillets, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro or mint], title: Tilapia Masala With Rice, picturelink: JkieYku6fUensE9iKJ8ClQsMCQX2f2G}, 30344: {instructions: Heat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nMix batter by combining cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sour cream, milk, eggs, salt and melted butter. Add a little more milk if the batter is too thick for dipping the shrimp.nSkewer the shrimp, dip in the batter, and deepfry until golden brown., ingredients: [1 liter canola oil, 2 34 cups cornmeal, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 cup milk, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup melted butter, 2 pounds 21 to 25 size shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Skewered Shrimp Dipped in Corn Dog Batter, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 30345: {instructions: Put turkey on a serving platter.nPut remaining ingredients in a bowl and stir to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon salsa over turkey and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fully cooked turkey breast meat or a combination of breast, thigh and leg meat, sliced crosswise into thin slices , 2 cups diced fresh papaya, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons minced pickled jalapenos, 14 cup sweetened dried cranberries, 12 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Roasted Turkey with PapayaCranberry Salsa, picturelink: jRr.GWSDQH5bdssKdUwHo.rnUGLaxVG}, 30346: {instructions: For the chipotlemayonnaise spread: Combine the mayonnaise and chipotle pepper in a bowl, and blend until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the bologna: In a large pan on mediumhigh heat add the oil. Add the bologna chunks to the hot oil. Saute while tossing to brown all sides, about 8 minutes. Add the onions and season lightly with salt and a few grinds of pepper. Continue to toss while cooking until the onions are tender, about 5 minutes more. Stir in the mustard, and honey to coat, and then add the wine. Simmer while tossing until the wine bubbles and foams and is reduced to only a bit of sauce in the pan.nTo assemble the sandwiches, slather chipotle mayonnaise on each slice of toasted bread and top equally with the bologna. To serve as a smaller bite, cut the toasted bread into 14ths and continue to top as directed., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, finely chopped or 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 2inch thick slice bologna, cut into 12inch chunks about 8 ounces, 12 cup onions, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup white wine, 4 slices white Pullman bread, toasted], title: Grownup Bologna Sandwiches, picturelink: L4CqU6U07R76NZACERXtgBVRV4pq3oO}, 30347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLay out 1 sheet of phyllo dough. Spray lightly with olive oil cooking spray. Repeat with 4 remaining sheets. Cut phyllo sheets into 6 pieces. Fit each section into a muffin cup. Bake for 10 minutes.nRemove plastic cover from spinach souffle and microwave on high for 5 minutes. Remove from microwave and stir in lemon juice, salt, and cayenne pepper. Divide spinach mixture into baked phyllo cups. Sprinkle feta cheese over spinach mixture. Return to oven for 6 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [5 sheets phyllo dough, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 package 12 oz. spinach souffle recommended: Stouffers, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 2ounce package crumbled feta cheese], title: Spinach SoufflePhyllo Cups, picturelink: poSRDWeAh0YL1cYx16iiWHCQwFElfLa}, 30348: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the macaroni according to the package directions in lightly salted water, leaning toward the al dente side. Do not overcooknPut the cream, butter and garlic clove into a Dutch oven and heat on the stove over low heat. When the cream is hot, add the fontina, goat cheese, Parmesan and Romano.nDrain the macaroni reserving some of the cooking water if needed and add it to the pot. Stir gently to combine, adding hot macaroni water as needed for consistency. Dont overmix if there are little clumps of cheese here and there, its fine Taste and add about 12 teaspoon salt if needed. Add some pepper and minced parsley and stir. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound macaroni, Salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 12 cup grated fontina, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese chevre, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup grated Romano, Freshly ground black pepper, Minced fresh parsley, as needed], title: Mac And Four Cheeses, picturelink: MK5IVurihn0jx.8qiAOjEqfb82gWYma}, 30349: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Cream the sugar with the butter until it is a light yellow color. Add the eggs and beat until fluffy. Add the banana, papaya, macadamia nuts and raisins, and mix. Sift the flour with the baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, allspice, and ginger. Add to the banana papaya mixture. Fill lined muffin pans 34 full and bake for 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup 4 ounces butter, 2 large eggs, 12 cup mashed banana, 12 cup mashed papaya, 14 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 12 cup raisins, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Banana Papaya Muffins, picturelink: null}, 30350: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, using your hand, combine butter, peanut butter, sugar, rice cereal and mini chocolate morsels. Roll mixture into 1inch balls and place onto a parchment lined sheet pan in the freezer. In a double boiler, over simmering water, melt semisweet morsels. Stir constantly until melted and smooth. With a fork, dip the frozen balls in melted chocolate. Place on a cool cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Place in freezer for 5 to10 minutes until the chocolate has set. Store the balls in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups creamy peanut butter, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 3 cups crispy rice cereal, crushed recommended: Rice Krispies, 1 cup semisweet mini chocolate morsels, 2 12ounce packages semisweet chocolate morsels], title: Chocolate Chip Ball Surprise, picturelink: null}, 30351: {instructions: Cut off roots of the leeks and peel off any withered leaves. Cut off 2 inches from green tops. With a sharp knife slit the green parts in half lengthwise stopping an inch from root end. Make another slit, lengthwise and perpendicular. Spread leaves apart an rinse them under running water, carefully looking out for hidden grit. Cut leeks crosswise into 1 12inch lengths.nHeat butter in a saucepan and add the leeks. Toss to combine them with the butter. Add the broth, cover and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until completely tender. You may do the recipe 2 to 3 days in advance up to this point. Over medium heat, evaporate the liquid from the leeks and when they are totally dry add heavy cream, starting with 14 cup or so and simmer, stirring continuously until the cream has been absorbed by the leeks. Add 14 cup more and repeat if you wish. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 firm fresh leeks, 1 to 1 12 inches in diameter, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chicken broth, Heavy cream to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Leeks, picturelink: null}, 30352: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a mixing bowl, combine all the dry ingredients. Heat a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add almost all of the 2 tablespoons olive oil to the skillet. Brush both sides of chicken breasts with remaining oil.nGenerously rub chicken with the cocoachili rub until evenly coated on all sides. Place chicken into skillet and sear on both sides. Remove skillet from heat and bake in the oven for approximately 12 minutes or until chicken is cooked through., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 Tbsp. chili powder, 2 tsp. cocoa powder, 1 tsp. dried thyme, 2 tsp. dried oregano, 12 tsp. granulated sugar, 12 tsp. kosher salt, 2 Tbsp. olive oil], title: CocoaChiliRubbed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30353: {instructions: Saute chicken in olive oil over medium high heat for 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Lay tortillas flat on a clean dry surface. Add 2 ounces of cheddar and 1 tablespoon of jalapeno to each tortilla. Fold to form and 12 moon and heat griddle until crisp in a non stick pan.nIn a sauce pot add the black beans, pickled jalapenos, tomatoes, cumin, salt and pepper, water and garlic. Bring to a boil and allow to simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. Pour into a blender and process until smooth. Serve hot.nTo serve cut the tortilla in half and place in the center of the serving plates. Add a spoonful of black beans and the sliced chicken breast on top., ingredients: [4 skinless chicken breasts, Olive oil, for sauteing, 4 8inch flour tortillas, 8 ounces grated cheddar cheese, 4 tablespoons sliced pickled jalapenos, 1 can cooked black beans, 3 tablespoons pickled jalapenos, 2 plum tomatoes canned, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Salt and pepper, Water, to cover, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic], title: Roasted Chicken Breast with CheddarJalapeno Quesadilla and Spicy Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: Crush the graham crackers in a food processor or a resealable plastic bag. Pour them into a bowl and stir in the melted butter and sugar. Press the mixture into a pie pan and bake until golden and set, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nFor the filling: Mix the condensed milk, lime zest, lime juice and egg yolks in the bowl of a mixer and mix on high until smooth and thick.nPour the mixture into the crust and bake for 15 minutes. Allow to cool, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour  more if possible.nServe with whipped cream., ingredients: [18 whole graham crackers the 4section large pieces, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, melted, 13 cup sugar, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 heaping tablespoon grated lime zest, 12 cup lime juice, 2 large egg yolks, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Key Lime Pie, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 30355: {instructions: Broil or roast the chiles over a flame until skins blister, wrap in a tea towel or put in a paper grocery bag for 10 to 15 minutes to sweat the skins loose. Remove skins and open pepper on 1 side. Remove seeds but do not remove stems. Arrange the prepared chiles in a lightly oiled 9 by 13inch glass nonstick baking dish.nHeat oil in a 10 to 12inch skillet until hot. Add the onion and saute until translucent about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the rice and the cumin seeds. Toast the rice and cumin in the oil with the onions for about 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the chicken broth, salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Bring the rice to a boil and cover tightly. Turn down the heat and simmer for about 18 minutes, or until rice is cooked, but still a little firm to the bite. Do not overcook the rice. When the rice is cooked, remove from the heat and let it cool slightly.nWhile the rice is cooking, melt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the butter starts to foam, add the shrimp and the scallops and stir or toss to coat them with the butter. Keep the heat at mediumhigh and saute the seafood for about 3 to 4 minutes, or until just cooked through. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the lime juice. Toss to coat. Set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAfter the rice has cooled a bit, put it in a large mixing bowl and fluff it with a fork. Add the shrimp and scallops, with the accumulated juices. Add the ground cumin, coriander seed, oregano, lime zest, chopped tomato with their juices, cotija cheese and chopped cilantro. Toss the mixture until thoroughly combined. Gently stuff the peppers with the rice and seafood mixture. Stuff them good and full If there is any extra, let it spill over into the baking dish. Top the chiles with the Monterey Jack cheese. Bake for about 20 minutes, or until the chiles are heated through and the cheese on top is melted. Garnish with cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [6 large, fresh poblano chiles sometimes called pasilla chiles, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup longgrain white rice, 12 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 1 cup canned chicken broth, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 pound fresh medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, tails removed, 14 pound fresh scallops if using large sea scallops, quarter them, 1 tablespoon fresh squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, crumbled, 2 teaspoons fresh grated lime zest, 2 medium sized fresh, red, ripe tomatoes, chopped, with juices, 4 ounces cotija cheese Mexican aged cows milk cheese, crumbled, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, tough stems removed, leaves chopped reserve a few whole sprigs with leaves intact for garnish, Grated Monterey Jack cheese, to taste], title: Killer Baja Chili Rellenos Mariscos Roasted Poblano Chiles Stuffed with Seafood and Rice, picturelink: null}, 30356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a 9inch pie plate with butter to grease.nIn a medium bowl, stir to combine the melted butter, graham cracker crumbs, sugar and salt, then press into the bottom and up the sides of the prepared pie dish. Bake until lightly golden and crisp, 12 minutes. Set aside on a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the pie: Whisk the granulated sugar and flour together in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. Whisk in the milk, coconut milk, condensed milk, coconut extract and vanilla extract. Whisking occasionally, bring the mixture to a boil. Boil for 2 minutes, then temper the egg yolks: carefully remove a cup of the hot milk mixture and whisk in the beaten eggs yolks. Add the yolk mixture to the milk and then add the butter. Remove from the heat and fold in the bananas, then transfer the pie filling to the cooled graham cracker crust.nCover the pie with plastic wrap, placing the wrap directly onto the surface of the filling. Chill until completely set, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nWhip the heavy cream and confectioners sugar until stiff peaks form, then spoon the whipped cream over the chilled pie. Garnish with toasted coconut chips and slice to serve., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs about 24 graham crackers, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 23 cups granulated sugar, 13 cup flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, 14 cup coconut milk, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 egg yolks, beaten, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 2 cups sliced bananas about 2 bananas, 1 14 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 cup toasted coconut chips, for garnish], title: Banana and Coconut Cream Pie with Graham Cracker Crust, picturelink: j7xTJEovR33xUF7g6mT8.r60NvotYS}, 30357: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: a round mold, such as the lid to a peanut butter jar or other round containernDivide the ground beef into approximately 2 equal portions. Set aside. Line a round mold, such as a lid to a peanut butter jar, with plastic wrap. Pat half of the ground beef into the round mold. Layer with the cheese and bacon, being careful not to go too close to the edges. Cover with the other half of the ground beef. Press together the edges of the ground beef together to seal. Remove the patty from the mold.nHeat the oil in a skillet or over high heat. Cook the patty to desired doneness. Serve plain or on a bun, as desired., ingredients: [8 ounces ground beef, 1 ounce shredded Cheddar, 1 ounce cooked bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons canola or olive oil, 1 hamburger bun, optional], title: Hackneys InsideOut Burger, picturelink: null}, 30358: {instructions: Combine the parsley and cilantro leaves and stems, garlic, half of the sliced onion, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 12 cup olive oil in a food processor blend into a thick and smooth chimichurri sauce. Pierce both sides of the steak with a fork several times place in a resealable plastic bag and add half of the sauce. Seal the bag and turn to coat the steak refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Cover and reserve the remaining sauce.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh. Remove the steak from the bag discard the bag of sauce season with salt and pepper and grill until mediumrare, about 6 minutes per side. Let rest, loosely covered with foil, for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the peppers and the remaining sliced onion half season with salt and pepper. Saute until the vegetables are softened and caramelized around the edges, about 8 minutes. Add the beer, cover and cook until the peppers are tender, about 5 minutes.nWarm the tortillas on the grill. Thinly slice the steak on the bias divide among the tortillas along with the peppers and onions. Thin the reserved chimichurri sauce with the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice drizzle over the fajitas. Serve with lime wedges, if desired.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 bunch fresh parsley, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, 1 large red onion, halved and sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound chuck or top round steak London broil, 3 poblano peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 14 cup lager beer, 8 8inch flour tortillas, Lime wedges, for serving optional], title: Sunny Andersons Steak Fajitas with Chimichurri and Drunken Peppers, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 30359: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the orzo and cook until al dente, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Drain the orzo.nWhisk the eggs, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl to blend. Stir in the cheese and basil. Set aside.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the asparagus and saute until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Add the orzo and stir to coat. Add the egg mixture. Using a rubber spatula, stir the mixture until the eggs are softly set, about 4 minutes.nTransfer the egg mixture to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [12 cup orzo pasta, 10 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces smoked mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 ounces pancetta, coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, 8 thin asparagus stalks, trimmed, cut crosswise into 12inch pieces], title: Italian Egg and Pasta Scramble, picturelink: aZxz.ynGDOkeO39nBwOJpaLoK.XWHvG}, 30360: {instructions: Mix the sliced beef with soy sauce, cooking wine, and cornstarch and set aside. Heat the wok and 4 tablespoons of vegetable oil. Stirfry the garlic and jalapeno pepper until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the beef and the sauce ingredients and stirfry over high heat just until the beef is no longer pink on the outside, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the green onions during the last 1 minute of cooking., ingredients: [1 pound flank steak, sliced very thinly, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon cooking wine, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon sliced fresh garlic, 1 teaspoon sliced jalapeno pepper, Six 1inch sections green onion, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Szechuan Beef, picturelink: null}, 30361: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the glaze:nHeat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until soft. Stir in the red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds.nDeglaze the pan with rice wine vinegar, and then stir in the honey and soy and cook until just heated through. Remove from the heat and season with pepper, to taste. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nFor the pork chop:nHeat the grill to high. Brush the chops with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides, and just cooked through, brushing with some of the glaze, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a platter, brush with more of the glaze and garnish with green onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 bonein center cut pork chops, pounded thin between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, SoyHoney Glaze, Chopped green onions, for garnish], title: BoneIn Pork Milanese with SoyHoney Glaze, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 30362: {instructions: For the waffles: Whisk together the flour, sugars, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the milk, coconut milk, butter, oil, vanilla and eggs in a medium bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Gently fold in the coconut. Cover and let rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nFor the syrup: Meanwhile, bring the syrup to a simmer over low heat in a small saucepot. Add the chocolate and salt and remove from the heat. Whisk it until it becomes smooth. Keep warm.nnHeat a waffle iron according to manufacturers directions. Brush the grates with melted butter. Ladle about 13 cup of the batter onto each grate. Close the cover and bake until golden brown. Serve the waffles topped with the bananas, drizzled with syrup and garnished with a sprinkling of toasted coconut., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar, 1 tablespoon light brown muscovado sugar, 1 tablespoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 14 cups whole milk, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing on the waffle iron, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 whole eggs, 13 cup shredded sweetened coconut, lightly toasted, plusmore for garnish, 1 cup Grade B maple syrup, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Pinch sea salt, 2 large ripe bananas, sliced, ], title: Coconut Waffles with Chocolate Maple Syrup and Banana, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 30363: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine the cream cheese, strawberry preserves, and orange zest until smooth. Set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, vanilla extract, and orange liqueur. Pour into a shallow bowl, such as a pie plate. Set aside.nWith a pairing knife, slice a pocket into the side of the bread. Do not cut all of the way through the bread. Fill bread slices with a heaping spoonful of cream cheese mixture.nIn a skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Dip the filled bread in the egg mixture and place in the skillet to brown on both sides, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining slices.nServe hot with additional Strawberry Cream Cheese on the side.nAdd all ingredients to a blender and pulse to combine., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons strawberry preserves, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 4 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 8 slices Texas Toast style bread, challah, or other thicksliced bread, Butter, 1 recipe Strawberry Cream Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup frozen strawberries, thawed, 1 pint sour cream, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice], title: French Toast filled with Strawberry Cream Cheese, picturelink: null}, 30364: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Generously brush a large skillet with butter, then rub with the garlic. Heat the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the potatoes, sprinkle with 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste, then arrange the remaining potatoes on top. Sprinkle with 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Pour the broth and milk over the potatoes, then add the nutmeg and bay leaves simmer 3 minutes.nGenerously brush a shallow baking dish with butter and slide the potatoes into the dish arrange with a fork, if desired. If your skillet is ovenproof, you can skip this step and bake the potatoes right in the skillet.nDot the potatoes with the cutup butter and sprinkle with the gruyere. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving. Discard the bay leaves.nPhotograph courtesy Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for brushing, 12 clove garlic, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup skim milk, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 fresh bay leaves, 12 cup grated gruyere cheese about 2 ounces], title: Simple Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: JIr.fOsnQPQnHBTFme8QZIKvJNaLZpS}, 30365: {instructions: In a soup pot or Dutch oven heat the 14 cup olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, zucchini, carrots, garlic, and rosemary season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are soft and juicy, about 10 minutes. Add the cabbage, tomatoes, basil, and marjoram and season again with salt and pepper. Cook until cabbage is just tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the beans and vegetable broth, and adjust the heat to simmer gently for 20 minutes.nRemove the rosemary sprig. Stir in the bread and spinach, increase the heat to medium and cook until the soup thickens, about 10 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into warm bowls. Top with cheese and a little drizzle extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 medium onion, diced 2 12 cups, 1 rib celery, sliced 34 cups, 1 medium zucchini, diced 1 14 cups or 5 14 ounces, 2 carrots, peeled and diced 13 cup, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 head Savoy cabbage, cleaned and coarsely chopped or shredded 7 12 cups, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, in juice, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, 10 cups vegetable broth, 4 cups cubed sourdough bread about 12 loaf, 3 cups baby spinach leaves, 12 cup shaved PecorinoRomano], title: Vegetarian Ribollita, picturelink: zwlJbQVogWII5RK4qJ0K7SmalGJtPy}, 30366: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the water and the chocolate in a 2 quart saucepan, set over medium heat and stir occasionally until the mixture bubbles around the edges and is steaming, approximately 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and use a molinillo or whisk to whip the mixture until frothy and the chocolate is mostly melted, approximately 1 minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [24 ounces water, 6 ounces Mexican chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 30367: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with 12 regularsize cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment or a standard hand held mixer and large mixing bowl, mix the sugar, oil, salt and peaches on medium speed for 30 seconds. Add the eggs and continue mixing on medium speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula and mix again on medium speed for 10 seconds. Next, in a blender or food processor, combine the corn and whipping cream and blend for 20 seconds until smooth. Add this creamed corn mixture to the wet ingredients and mix on medium speed until incorporated.nIn a medium bowl, sift the flour and baking powder and stir in the cornmeal. Add to the wet ingredient mixture and mix on low speed until incorporated. Now, add the baking soda, followed by the vinegar for an immediate bubbling action. Add 14 cup cold water and mix on low speed for 5 seconds. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl one last time to be sure all the ingredients are fully incorporated.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with batter and bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Rotate the pan 180 degrees after 9 minutes of baking. Oven heat and times may vary so bake until the tops are no longer wet and spring back upon touching. Cool the cupcakes completely.nKeep the oven on, but increase the temperature to 400 degrees F.nFor the shortcakes: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment or a standard hand held mixer and medium mixing bowl, add the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Next, use your fingers to break the butter into peasize pieces and add to the dry ingredients. Mix on low speed for 30 seconds until incorporated. Add the milk, cream, tarragon and vanilla and continue mixing on low speed until the flour is fully incorporated.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. With a spoon, drop heaping spoonfuls of batter onto the baking sheet 2 inches apart and bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Oven heat and times may vary so bake the shortcakes until they are golden brown. Cool the shortcakes completely. With your fingers, break each shortcake into 3 equal pieces and set aside.nFor the compote: In a small bowl, combine the blackberries, peaches and strawberries. Add the sugar and gently fold into mixture. Set aside.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment or a standard hand held mixer and medium mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream on mediumhigh speed for 3 minutes. In a small bowl, sift the powdered sugar. Add the sugar to the whipped cream mixture and mix on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form. The frosting should be able to stand on its own.nTo assemble: Begin assembling the cupcakes by placing a spoonful of peachberry compote on top of each cupcake. Place the frosting in a piping bag with a round tip or in a gallonsize plastic baggy and snip 12inch off the corner. Next, pipe frosting onto the compote. Place a piece of the tarragon shortcake on top of the frosting. Finally, top with another small spoonful of peachberry compote. With a tweezer or small tong, delicately place a tarragon leaf on top., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 13 cup frozen peaches, thawed and diced, 2 large eggs, 12 cup canned whole corn kernels, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 13 cup cornmeal, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon Europeanstyle salted butter, chilled, 2 tablespoons whole milk, chilled, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon fresh tarragon leaves, minced, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup fresh or frozen blackberries, diced if frozen, thaw first, 13 cup fresh or frozen peaches, diced if frozen, thaw first, 13 cup fresh or frozen strawberries, diced if frozen, thaw first, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup organic heavy whipping cream, chilled, 4 tablespoons powdered sugar, Tarragon leaves, for garnish], title: PeachBerry Shortcake Cupcakes, picturelink: Cg19SYLZ3TO37Y0nDdDcgktKU5Fqeu}, 30368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nMelt the chocolate and 1 stick of the butter over medium heat in a double boiler. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder and baking powder. Set aside.nTo the bowl with the melted chocolate, add the brown sugar, granulated sugar, vanilla and salt. Whisk to combine. Whisk in the eggs, one at a time, followed by the yogurt. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the flour mixture being careful to avoid overmixing.nScoop 1tablespoon mounds of the batter on the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 1inch between each cookie. Bake the cookies for about 9 minutes, rotating the trays halfway through. Slide the cookies on the parchment onto a cooling rack and cool completely.nMeanwhile make the filling. In a medium bowl, use an electric hand mixer to beat the remaining 2 sticks butter and the confectioners sugar mix until light and fluffy, starting on low speed to avoid splatter and work up to medium speed, 3 minutes. Add the peppermint extract, salt and peppermint candies. Beat on medium speed until the candies are broken apart and evenly distributed, 2 minutes.nSpread the filling on the flat side of half of the cookies. Top with the remaining cookies. Roll the edges in the crushed candy canes if using and serve immediately or store in an airtight container until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 sticks 1 12 cups butter, at room temperature, 1 cup flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup plain yogurt, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, 10 chocolatecoated peppermint candies, such as York Peppermint Patties, chopped, 5 candy canes, crushed, optional], title: Peppermint Patty Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 30369: {instructions: Season each bass fillet with sea salt. Place each fillet in a bamboo steamer basket over simmering water. Steam for 6 to 8 minutes and set aside. Heat the fish stock with the saffron threads to a simmer in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Add the artichokes, corn and onions. Simmer for one minute. Heat the lentils with 2 tablespoons of the water over which the bass has been steamed. Divide the lentils into 2 warmed bowls. Spoon the vegetables equally into each bowl. Pour over the saffron stock. Arrange the pea shoots over the broth and sprinkle with the diced red and yellow pepper. Place bass over the pea shoots, ingredients: [14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 black bass fillets about 6 to 8 ounces, 1 cup fish stock, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 12 cup cooked lentils, 5 baby artichoke hearts cooked and cut in half, 14 cup cooked sweet corn kernels, 10 red pearl onions, roasted and peeled, 1 tablespoon finely diced red pepper, 1 tablespoon finely diced yellow pepper, 2 large sprigs fresh pea shoots], title: Steamed Black Bass with Saffron Artichoke Broth, picturelink: null}, 30370: {instructions: Cut the cherry tomatoes in 12 remove the cores of the large tomatoes and cut into pieces about 12inch square. Put the tomatoes in a glass, ceramic or stainless mixing bowl.nAdd salt, about 12 teaspoon, to taste and toss. Add the garlic, 12 of the basil, the capers, and red pepper flakes if using add the olive oil and toss. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt to the water and cook the pasta until al dente. Strain the pasta and add to the mixing bowl with the tomatoes. Add the remaining basil, some Parmigiano and toss., ingredients: [1 pound tomatoes preferably a combination of red and yellow heirloom andor cherry tomatoes, 1 clove garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 small bunch basil, leaves washed and coarsely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers, preferably salted Italian, well soaked and rinsed, 34 pound spaghetti, Salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, optional, Grated Parmigiano, for garnish], title: Spaghetti with Marinated Tomatoes and Basil, picturelink: null}, 30371: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine the chile, sugar, warm water, soy sauce, and pineapple juice and mix well. Set aside. Place the green figs into a large pot and cover with water. Bring the water to the boil and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the figs, peel, then cut in half and finely slice. In a mixing bowl, combine figs, tofu, fresh herbs, sesame seeds, black pepper and dress with 4 tablespoons salad dressing. Garnish with fresh chile and peanuts., ingredients: [1 birds eye chile, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons warm water, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon pineapple juice, 5 green figs, 10 12 ounces300 g fried tofu, finely sliced, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 10 fresh green mint leaves, roughly sliced See Cooks Note, 10 fresh Vietnamese mint leaves, roughly sliced, 5 perilla leaves, roughly sliced, 5 fresh fish mint leaves, roughly sliced, 5 sawtooth coriander leaves, roughly sliced, 1 long chile, julienned, 4 tablespoons roasted peanuts, finely crushed], title: Green Fig and Tofu Salad: Goi Va Tron Dau Hu, picturelink: null}, 30372: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.nArrange the pancetta in single layers on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until crisp, 16 to 18 minutes. Remove the pancetta from the oven and heat the broiler.nIn a small bowl, mix together the honey, mustard and cayenne pepper until smooth. Brush the pancetta with the honey mixture, then broil until browned, 2 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound pancetta, sliced 18 to 14inch thick, 6 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Spicy Honey MustardGlazed Pancetta, picturelink: R2i5uysw.3nLhCvxBxRePOgyTRC.zfa}, 30373: {instructions: In a blender, combine the milk, chocolate syrup, espresso powder and ice. Blend until the mixture is smooth and frothy. Divide equally among 4 chilled glasses. Sprinkle with the cinnamon for garnish., ingredients: [3 cups lowfat milk, 14 cup light chocolate syrup, such as Hersheys, 4 teaspoons instant espresso coffee powder, 8 ice cubes, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Frosty Cappuccino, picturelink: null}, 30374: {instructions: Puree onions and celery. In a large sauce pot combine the puree and the remaining ingredients and simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, chopped, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup water, 2 cups Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup vinegar, 2 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 12 teaspoons chili powder, 2 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 12 teaspoons black pepper, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup liquid smoke flavoring, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup, plus 2 tablespoons molasses], title: Cowgirl BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30375: {instructions: For the salad: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Set a rack on the baking sheet and lay the bacon on it in a single layer. Cook until crisp, 35 to 45 minutes, turning halfway through. When cool enough to handle, chop coarsely.nFor the ranch dressing: In a bowl or a jar with a tightfitting lid, add the buttermilk, sour cream, chives, mayonnaise, parsley, lemon juice, salt, celery seed, onion powder, garlic powder, garlic and scallions and whisk together or shake vigorously if using a jar.nAssembly: Lay a lettuce wedge on each of 6 salad plates. Drizzle each wedge with 2 to 3 tablespoons of the dressing, letting it flow between the leaves of the lettuce and pool on the plate. Sprinkle over the tomatoes, onion and bacon. Garnish with the chives.nAny leftover dressing can be refrigerated for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 slices applewoodsmoked bacon, 1 large head iceberg lettuce, cored and sliced into 6 equal wedges, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 2 small red onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 scallions, finely chopped], title: Wedge Salad, picturelink: NHQZUh2kJj5G.ATvixkBch73AT89UG}, 30376: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSeason the meat with the salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over mediumhigh heat until good and hot, then add the meat and sear until well browned on all sides, about 10 minutes total.nTransfer the meat to a rack set on a baking sheet. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part registers 140 degrees F for mediumrare, about 30 minutes, or to your desired degree of doneness. Remove it from the oven, cover with aluminum foil, and let rest until the sauce is nearly done before slicing.nWhile the meat cooks, make the sauce. Heat the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, carrot and celery and cook, stirring a few times, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the wine and broth and stir in the tomato paste. Add the bay leaf and thyme and bring to a boil. Simmer until the liquid is reduced to about 12 cup, about 40 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a small saucepan. Stir in the cocoa and rosemary and season with salt and pepper. Serve on the side with the sliced tenderloin.nServing size 3 slices of meat and about 1 12 tablespoons of sauce, ingredients: [1 2pound beef tenderloin roast, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped shallots, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped about 14 cup, 1 clove garlic, minced about 1 teaspoon, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves], title: Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Rosemary, Chocolate and Wine Sauce, picturelink: wm.uqbzNcuz17P7KN0OVQNJpSzf.hi}, 30377: {instructions: Cook 1 12 cups sushi rice as the label directs. Meanwhile, cook 14 cup sesame seeds in 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a small skillet over medium heat, stirring, until toasted, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in 4 finely chopped scallions, 1 teaspoon sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. Toss with the rice.nServes: 6 Calories: 240 Total Fat: 6 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 5 grams Total carbohydrates: 42 grams Sugar: 1 gram Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 165 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Sesame Rice With Scallions, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 30378: {instructions: Special equipment: ToothpicksnPull the largest four romaine leaves from the outside of the bunch and wash and dry carefully, trying not to tear the leaves. Cut the leaves at the base where they were connected to the root the pieces should be about 9inches long. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the center rib so the leaves roll up more easily. Set aside.nCombine the cream cheese, spinach and basil in a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with 14 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper.nLay one of the tortillas on a clean work surface and add one of the romaine leaves to fit neatly on top. Place 2 slices of turkey next to each other, covering the lettuce. Spread 2 tablespoons of the cream cheese mixture over the surface of the turkey and line up a quarter of the roasted pepper strips along one edge. Line up 14 cup of the shredded carrot just above the peppers. Roll up the wrap tightly starting from the edge with the peppers and carrots, so the wrap holds together with the peppers and carrots in the middle. Place the wrap seamside down. Repeat with the remaining tortillas, vegetables, turkey and cream cheese spread. Cut the wraps into 1inch pieces, then pierce each segment with a toothpick or skewer from the outside of the tortilla through the seam on the bottom., ingredients: [1 large head romaine lettuce, 4 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, loosely packed, 8 large fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 10inch flour tortillas, 8 slices ovenroasted deli turkey about 8 ounces, 1 whole roasted pepper from a jar, sliced into 14inch strips about 12 cup, 1 cup shredded carrots], title: Kids Can Make: Roasted Turkey and Basil Cream Cheese Pinwheel Sandwiches, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 30379: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush flesh sides of pumpkin wedges with butter. Arrange, flesh side down, in a large roasting pan, and cover pan tightly with foil. Bake, turning pieces after 1 hour, until flesh is very tender when pierced with a fork, about 2 hours. Remove foil and cool pumpkin in pan until it can be handled.nDiscard any liquid that may have accumulated and scoop out pumpkin flesh, then puree pulp in batches in a food processor. Transfer to a large sieve or colander lined with several layers of cheesecloth set over a large bowl.nDrain puree, chilled, its surface covered with plastic wrap, 8 hours or overnight.nPuree keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days or, frozen in an airtight container, 2 months., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh pumpkin sugar, cheese, or JackBeLittle, cut into roughly 4 by 5inch wedges, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, Special equipment: cheesecloth], title: Fresh Pumpkin Puree, picturelink: null}, 30380: {instructions: Blanche the mixture of greens in boiling water until just bright green. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add prepared adobe sauce to skillet depending on desired heat.nAdd sea salt to taste and quickly saute the greens to desired tenderness, ingredients: [3 large bunches of mixed dark leafy greens kale, collard greens, turnip, mustard, dandelion, arugula, cut into 1inch strips, 1 tablespoon of olive oil, Chipotle chilis in adobe sauce, pureed, Sea salt to taste], title: Smoky Greens, picturelink: null}, 30381: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. If necessary, trim fat from top of pork, leaving a 18inch thick layer of fat. Spread Roasted Garlic Rub all over pork and inside any cavities, concentrating on boned side.Put pork, fat side up, in a roasting pan and roast in middle of oven 6 to 8 hours. Transfer roast to cutting board and let stand 15 minutes. Pull shreds apart with tongs into chunks. Serve.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor. Can also be mixed by hand in a bowl, but make sure to combine well., ingredients: [1 cup Roasted Garlic Rub, recipe follows, 1 6pound boneless pork shoulder or butt roast not tied, 2 cups roasted minced garlic, 5 tablespoons salt, 14 cup coriander seeds, ground and toasted, 2 tablespoons mustard powder, 4 tablespoons dried chipotle pepper, ground, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 5 tablespoons dried rosemary, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons lemon zest, 2 12 teaspoons black pepper], title: Slow Cooked Pork, picturelink: RQU2N0dBtm9yefyMDfZl6ukj3AIFsUq}, 30382: {instructions: Place milk, Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentials Drink, banana, ice and peanut butter in blender cover. Blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 packet Classic Chocolate Malt Flavor Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentials Complete Nutritional Drink, 1 cup fat free milk, u00bd banana, u00bd cup ice cubes, 1 tablespoon creamy peanut butter], title: Chocolate, Banana and Peanut Malted Sponsored, picturelink: .5wiOgiAFrZvdx1SSkTE4uS4Qc.6p2}, 30383: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden or bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 20 minutes, or metal skewersnFor the prawns: In a measuring cup, whisk together the agave, sugar, lemon juice and lime juice until the sugar is dissolved. Pour half of the mixture into a large bowl reserve the rest in the cup for serving. To the marinade in the bowl, add the olive oil, chile flakes, paprika, garlic, ginger, orange zest, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the prawns, stirring to coat. Set aside to marinate for 10 to 20 minutes.nFor the grilled pineapple salsa: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nThread the pineapple cubes onto skewers. Grill until grill marks appear, turning once, 3 minutes per side. Remove the skewers from the heat turn the heat down to medium.nRemove the pineapple cubes from the skewers and place in a large bowl, along with the tomatoes, jalapenos, red onions, parsley and a pinch of salt. Stir to combine, then set aside.nFor the cilantro crema: Stir together the sour cream, agave, lemon juice and cilantro. Set aside.nGrill the prawns: Clean and lightly oil the grill grates. Remove the prawns from the marinade and grill, turning once, until grill marks appear and the prawns are cooked through, about 2 minutes per side.nServe the prawns drizzled with the reserved marinade and the cilantro crema, and with the pineapple salsa on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon agave syrup, 1 tablespoon sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus for oiling grill, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 thumbsize piece ginger, finely chopped, Zest of 1 orange, Salt and pepper, 12 tiger prawns, peeled and deveined, 1 pineapple, cored and cut into 12inch dice, 2 heirloom tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, 1 red onion, finely diced, 12 bunch parsley, chopped, Salt, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 tablespoon agave syrup, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped], title: Caribbean Tiger Prawns with Grilled Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: GJel6ARl39sHuty.GFaH3WAkE2aj8hy}, 30384: {instructions: You will need a sushi press or a terrine mold or two baking sheets to press this sushi, a rice cooker is very helpful and there are several Japanese ingredients that may not be available in the average supermarket, Japanese rice, ao nori ko and rice vinegar, these are available from Japanese shops like Katagiri in New York and you will want to make shari, the salt, vinegar and sugar mix used in sushi rice, shari can be bought premade but I prefer the flavor of homemade shari. Rinse rice in running water until the water runs clear then drain rice and put it into a rice cooker. Add 1 cup water and let sit 30 minutes then turn on the machine.nWhen the rice is cooked let it cool until it is not steaming any more then turn the rice out of the pot into a wooden bowl and start to add the shari. Add a few tablespoons of shari at a time and toss the rice and fan it while adding the shari the idea is for the rice to absorb the shari while it is warm and for the rice to absorb it evenly. Let the rice cool and cover with plastic wrap. Use wet hands and tools to handle this rice, it is very sticky Soak the rice press in water for 10 minutes then lay a layer of smoked salmon on the bottom of the press, smear it with a very thin layer of wasabi paste an cover with 12inch of sushi rice tap it down with the lid of the press, sprinkle ao nori powder and chopped dill over this layer and cover with another 12inch of sushi rice then press very hard with the pot of the sushi press. Turn the pressed rice out and cut into serving pieces.nIn a nonreactive pot over a medium heat stir the rice vinegar, sugar and salt until the sugar and salt are dissolved and the liquid is clear. Cool the liquid, ingredients: [Use a scant 14 cup of shari for every cup of raw rice., 1 cup Japanese rice, 1 cup water, 14 cup shari, 4 ounces sliced smoked salmon, Nova is most similar to Japanese smoked salmon, Wasabi paste, 1 teaspoon ao nori ko a Japanese seaweed with a pleasant lettuce like flavor, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 9 tablespoons rice vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoons salt], title: Smoked Salmon on Pressed Rice, picturelink: null}, 30385: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Brush 1 tablespoon mustard all over the chicken. Sprinkle with the peppercorns, rosemary and salt to taste, patting gently so the seasonings stick.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown, about 6 minutes, turning once. Transfer to a baking dish set aside the skillet for the sauce bake the chicken until cooked through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the shallots to the skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until just soft. Remove the pan from the heat, add the brandy, then return the pan to the heat and scrape up any browned bits. Add the broth, bring to a boil and cook until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons mustard and the parsley.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the garlic cook about 30 seconds. Add the spinach, season with salt and cook until wilted add the lemon zest. Slice the chicken and drizzle with the shallot sauce. Serve with the spinach.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 3 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 34 pounds, 2 to 3 teaspoons coarsely ground mixed peppercorns, 34 teaspoon finely minced fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 13 cup brandy or red wine, 13 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound spinach, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Peppercorn Chicken with Lemon Spinach, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 30386: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the fish and sear until golden on the bottom and cooked halfway through, about 3 minutes. Flip onto a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, 3 to 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, wipe out the skillet, return to mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Add the mushrooms and cook, without stirring, until browned on one side, about 1 minute. Stir and cook until browned all over, about 3 more minutes. Add the shallots and cook until soft, stirring, about 2 minutes. Whisk in 2 tablespoons vinegar and the mustard and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the chives and parsley.nDrizzle the arugula with oil and vinegar in a bowl, season with salt and pepper and toss. Divide among plates and serve with the fish. Spoon the mushrooms and pan juices on top.nPhotograph by Antonis AchilleosnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the fish and sear until golden on the bottom and cooked halfway through, about 3 minutes. Flip onto a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, 3 to 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, wipe out the skillet, return to mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Add the mushrooms and cook, without stirring, until browned on one side, about 1 minute. Stir and cook until browned all over, about 3 more minutes. Add the shallots and cook until soft, stirring, about 2 minutes. Whisk in 2 tablespoons vinegar and the mustard and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the chives and parsley.nDrizzle the arugula with oil and vinegar in a bowl, season with salt and pepper and toss. Divide among plates and serve with the fish. Spoon the mushrooms and pan juices on top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 6ounce skinless arctic char fillets about 1 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus more for drizzling, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 bunches arugula, trimmed, 4 6ounce skinless arctic char fillets about 1 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus more for drizzling, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 bunches arugula, trimmed], title: Arctic Char with Mushrooms, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 30387: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the vodka, ginger syrup, and lime juice. Cover and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add twist and serve.nRemove the outer peel of the lemon with a vegetable peeler, taking care not to include too much of the bitter white pith. Finely chop the lemon peel and ginger in a food processor.nTransfer the lemonginger mixture to a medium saucepan, add the sugar and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week., ingredients: [3 ounces vodka, 12 to 1 ounce Ginger Syrup, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice, Candied ginger and lime twist, for garnish, 1 lemon, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh ginger with peel about 8 ounces, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups water], title: Ginger Martini, picturelink: null}, 30388: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust rack to middle position. Coat two cookie sheets lightly with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT brown sugar and shortening in medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes or until fluffy. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add egg yolks, water, vanilla and salt. Beat until well combined. Add flour on low speed until well blended.nBEAT egg whites in a shallow bowl until foamy. Place pecans in a separate shallow bowl. Measure about 2 teaspoons dough for each cookie. Roll into balls. Dip each dough ball into egg whites, then roll into pecans. Place on prepared cookie sheet. Using the back of a teaspoon or your thumb, make a rounded indentation in the top of each cookie.nBAKE 10 minutes. Remove from oven. It may be necessary to create the indentation once again with a spoon. Place about 1 teaspoon preserves into the indentation of each cookie. Bake an additional 5 to 7 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from oven. Cool on baking sheet for several minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, cut into slices, or 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 3 large eggs, separated, 2 tbsps. water, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 14 tsp. salt, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 cups finely chopped pecans, 1 cup Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Preserves, or any Smuckersu00ae Preserves, Jam or Jelly], title: Classic Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 30389: {instructions: Cut 12inch thick slices of bacon from a big slab or have your butcher do it. Cook in a pan over medium heat. Brown one side 3 minutes, then flip over and finish in the oven, about 5 more minutes.nGlaze the bacon at the end with a drizzle of maple syrup., ingredients: [4 thick slices bacon, 2 to 3 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Big Time Bacon, picturelink: null}, 30390: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse the cocoa nibs in a spice grinder 3 to 4 times until the nibs are coarsely chopped. Place the nibs in a 1quart microwavesafe measuring cup and add the 16 ounces of milk. Microwave on high for 3 to 4 minutes or until the milk reaches 160 degrees F. Steep at room temperature for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the chocolate, sugar, water and salt in the carafe of a 1liter French press. Set aside.nAfter steeping, return the nibmilk mixture to the microwave and heat on high for 2 minutes until it simmers or reaches 185 degrees F. Strain the hot nibmilk mixture through a finemesh strainer into the French press carafe. Set aside for 1 minute, and then stir to combine the chocolate and milk. Pump the plunger of the French press 10 to 15 times to froth and aerate. Pour the mixture into a standard ice cube tray and freeze until solid, 3 to 4 hours or overnight.nCombine the frozen hot chocolate cubes with the 4 ounces of milk, halfandhalf or coffee in a blender and blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce cocoa nibs, 16 ounces whole milk, 6 ounces 65percent to 70percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 ounces sugar, 2 ounces water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 ounces whole milk, halfandhalf or brewed coffee, for serving], title: Cocoa Nib Frappe, picturelink: 7Qykqsk1kff7H0FiYRWjvK3xnH7Trvu}, 30391: {instructions: Make the spinach stuffing by sauteing 14 cup onions and garlic in the oil and butter. Add spinach and saute until wilted. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Cool and combine with breadcrumbs and feta cheese.nMake the sundried tomato mixture by soaking the tomatoes to soften, drain and chop finely. Saute remaining 14 cup onions over medium high heat until translucent. Add chopped tomatoes, heat thoroughly. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out loin, meat side up, trim away excess fat and sinew. Lay spinachfeta mixture between the 2 loins. Roll over the right flap and tightly pack it around the left loin. Roll the newly formed double loin over the left flap, cut off excess. Tie the roast tightly. Use a steel or wooden spoon to create a hole down the entire length of the lamb loin on each side of the stuffing. Using a pastry bag, pipe the tomato mixture into each hole. Season with salt and pepper. Brown over medium high heat. Roast for approximately 30 minutes. Check doneness with meat thermometer  120 degrees., ingredients: [12 cup red onion, chopped, divided, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 ounces clarified butter and olive oil, 4 ounces baby spinach, Salt and pepper, 4 slices fresh bread crumbs, 4 ounces feta cheese, 2 ounces sundried tomatoes, 4 12 pounds double lamb loin], title: Roasted Stuffed Double Lamb Loin, picturelink: null}, 30392: {instructions: Mince the garlic to a paste with salt and in a blender blend with the salt, red wine, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce and honey.nIn a heavyduty sealable plastic bag, combine London broil with marinade. Seal bag, pressing out excess air, and put in a shallow baking dish. Marinate steak, chilled, turning occasionally, at least 4 hours and up to 24.nBring steak to room temperature before grilling. Remove steak from marinade, letting excess drip off, and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, 7 to 9 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Transfer steak to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes.nHolding a knife at a 45degree angle, cut steak across grain into thin slices and serve with tomatoes., ingredients: [5 large garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup dry red wine, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 12 pounds topround London broil], title: Grilled Marinated London Broil, picturelink: null}, 30393: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the garlic powder, onion powder, brown sugar, salt, chili powder, cumin and black pepper. Rub into the meat all over and let sit uncovered in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight.nRemove the rib and let it come to room temperature. Prepare grill for cooking over indirect heat. For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to medium or off, to maintain the grill at about 250 degrees F. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nLightly oil the grill grates. Place the rib on the grill over the cooler burners, and cook indirectly, meatside up, for 5 hours. Wrap the rib in foil and cook for another 45 minutes. Remove the foil and cook for an additional 45 minutes to create a nice bark. Remove the rib and let it rest. Serve whole on the side of a footpowered prehistoric car., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon table salt, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon black pepper, One 3rib piece uncut beef back ribs or short rib plate see Cooks Note, Oil, for oiling the grill], title: Dino Ribs, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 30394: {instructions: Grind each meat separately then mix together. It is best if you grind the meat when it is very cold. Mix the ground meat together with all the seasonings. Form into small patties. Saute a small piece and test for taste. You may need to adjust the spices. Next, place a length 10 to 15 feet of sausage casing on a sausage horn and force mixture into casing. Twist sausages in alternating directions to create 6 to 8inch long sausages. If well protected, finished sausages can be frozen in a nonfrost free freezer for up to a year. The sausages can be cooked directly on a grill or sauteed in a pan. For best results, boil sausages first and finish on grill or pan. Can serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [4 to 6 pounds elk meat, welltrimmed or other venison, 2 to 3 pounds pork fat, welltrimmed 21 ratio meat to fat, 1 tablespoon dry thyme, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 1 tablespoon dry sage, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped garlic, 12 cup crushed red chili pepper flakes, optional, 1 to 2 cups roasted, peeled, and diced green chili peppers optional, Sundried tomatoes optional, Additional garlic optional, 10 to 15 feet sausage casing, 12 cup maple syrup for breakfast sausage  optional], title: Elk Sausage, picturelink: null}, 30395: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch casserole dish.nSlowly bring the halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons butter and salt to a boil. Slowly whisk in the grits, stirring constantly for several minutes. Add all the cheeses and allow to melt. Temper the eggs into the grits and stir together. Pour into casserole dish and bake for 25 to 35 minutes. Top with additional grated cheese if desired., ingredients: [4 cups halfandhalf, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup quickcook grits, 8 ounces grated Cheddar, plus more for garnish, optional, 8 ounces grated Monterey Jack cheese, plus more for garnish, optional, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 eggs], title: Plantation Grits, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 30396: {instructions: For the milkshake: Combine 1 cup water and the granulated sugar in a small saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Add the cinnamon stick and orange zest and let the mixture sit until the flavors infuse, about 5 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick. Add the instant coffee and stir until completely dissolved. Let cool.nTransfer the infused simple syrup and the ice cream to a blender. Blend until smooth. Serve immediately, or keep in the freezer until ready to serve.nFor the optional garnishes: Whip the cream to soft peaks. Add the powdered sugar and continue to whip to stiff peaks. Dollop each shake with the whipped cream and dust with ground cinnamon to serve., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons orange zest from about 1 orange, 1 tablespoon instant coffee, 1 quart coffee ice cream, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, Ground cinnamon], title: Mexican Coffee Milkshake, picturelink: DNWCp8g9TshXxz35uswaKXL2.VV4i}, 30397: {instructions: Simmer 12 cup each sugar and water with 3 star anise pods and a pinch of salt until syrupy, stirring, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon grenadine and some dried cranberries. Cool, then cover and chill overnight. Drizzle the syrup over sliced pears and top with a big splash of prosecco.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: PearAnise Salad, picturelink: jUbdZUI1Tl0rcAsLA5Zy2h5lD6tkdlS}, 30398: {instructions: Combine the paprika, anchos or chile powder, cumin and salt in a small bowl. Pat the spice mixture all over the ribs. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPlace the ribs in a single layer in a baking pan and pour in water to a depth of about 14inch. Bake, uncovered, 45 minutes. Cover with foil and return to the oven for an additional 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the honey glaze by combining the garlic, jalapenos, cumin, Tabasco, lime juice and salt in a food processor or blender and puree. Pour into a small saucepan and stir in the honey. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly and being careful not to burn, 20 minutes.nTurn the oven heat up to 450 degrees or heat the grill.nIf finishing the ribs in the oven, brush generously with the honey glaze and bake another 10 minutes per side, basting with the honey glaze every 5 minutes. To grill, generously glaze the ribs and grill 5 minutes per side, frequently brushing with additional glaze. Cut the ribs apart and serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup paprika, 14 cup ground Ancho chiles or chile powder, 14 cup cumin, 2 tablespoons salt, 4 12 pounds pork baby back ribs], title: Spicy Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 30399: {instructions: For the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt to the bowl of a food processor or a large bowl. Add the butter pieces and pulse until the butter is completely cut into the flour mixture or use a pastry cutter if using a bowl. Combine the buttermilk and vanilla in a measuring cup and while pulsing or stirring the dough, drizzle in the buttermilk mixture until the dough just comes together and is no longer crumbly.nDrop the mixture in 8 clumps between 2 baking sheets, then bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside and allow to cool completely.nFor the berries: Wash the berries, slice the strawberries and transfer to a bowl. Sprinkle on the granulated sugar, then add the orange zest and juice. Stir gently, then set aside for 15 to 20 minutes to allow a syrup to develop.nFor the sweet yogurt cream: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the cream, yogurt, granulated sugar and brown sugar on high until stiff. Note: It wont get quite as stiff as regular whipped cream.nTo serve, lay one biscuit on a plate, top with syrupy fruit, then top with a good spoonful of cream., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold butter, cut into pieces, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 pints mixed berries including strawberries, 13 cup granulated sugar, Zest and juice of 1 small orange, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 7 ounces plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Mixed Berry Shortcake, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 30400: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with paper liners.nIn a medium bowl, cream together the granulated sugar, gelatin, butter and cream cheese. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and rum. Combine the flour and baking powder, add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in the milk and strawberries until the batter is smooth. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. The cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch. Let cool.nFor the strawberry frosting: In a medium bowl, cream together butter and cream cheese. Add the confectioners sugar, rum and strawberry extract.nFor the strawberry filling: Cut the strawberries into small pieces and place into a medium saucepan. Add the sugar and bring to a light boil. Once the filling begins to boil, turn off the heat, add the rum and let sit for 10 minutes to cool.nTo assemble: Core out the center of the cupcakes and fill with strawberry filling. Then cover the tops of the cupcakes with the strawberry frosting., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup strawberry gelatin, 2 sticks salted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup dark rum, 2 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sweetened strawberries purchased frozen, but thawed for recipe, 2 sticks salted butter, 8 ounces strawberry cream cheese, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 1 teaspoon strawberry extract, 10 to 12 strawberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum], title: Strawberry Cupcakes, picturelink: sjCOaXZCHEW3OPM9BWwzV.sq5UeKO}, 30401: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a 7liter pressure cooker over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic, the 1 teaspoon salt, and the pepper to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften a bit, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat. Stir in the carrots, thyme sprigs, celery root, squash, if desired, chicken broth, and wine.nClose the pressure cooker lid and bring the pressure up to high which can take up to 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to maintain an even pressure for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and press the cookers pressure indicator stem until no more steam comes out.nCarefully remove the lidthe risotto will look a bit soupy at this point. Stir the mustard greens into the risotto, then let the mixture sit until the greens wilt, about 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the 1 cup cheese. Season to taste with salt and pepper, if you like. Pass additional grated cheese at the table., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 3 carrots, cut into large chunks, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small celery root about 1 pound, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 butternut squash, halved, peeled, seeded, and cut into large chunks, optional, 3 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned or homemade, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 large bunch mustard greens, washed and torn 4 to 5 cups, 1 cup freshly grated pecorino, plus additional for serving], title: Risotto with Winter Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 30402: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9 12 by 3 38inch Bundt pan. Cream 2 sticks of the butter and sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla and lemon extracts and mix well. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, salt, and baking soda. Add 13 of dry mixture to creamed mixture and beat on low until mixed. Mix in half of the sour cream. Alternate between the flour mixture and sour cream. Pour cake mixture into the Bundt pan. Bake 1 12 hours or until a cake tester inserted in cake comes about with a few crumbs clinging. Cool 15 minutes. Remove cake from pan and cool completely on wire rack.nPreheat grill. Melt remaining butter and slice cake. Using a pastry brush, coat both sides of cake with butter. Grill on both sides until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from grill. Cool slightly. Cut slices into bitesize pieces. To create sundaes, fill a bowl with ice cream, add pound cake and sprinkle on toppings. Drizzle with chocolate syrup and garnish with Raspberry Topping.nCombine all ingredients in pot and let simmer until thickened., ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, divided, 3 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup sour cream, Ice cream, Toppings such as chocolate candies, crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies, toasted nuts, Chocolate syrup, Raspberry Topping, recipe follows, 3 cups raspberries, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons raspberry jelly], title: Grilled Pound Cake Sundaes with Raspberry Topping, picturelink: VlECjo1aehjJagz4nxDHA.BzKd0lxUy}, 30403: {instructions: Soak a sugar cube with 2 to 3 dashes bitters. Drop the sugar cube into a chilled flute. Add 34 ounce brandy, if desired. Top with champagne.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: GtpAN2gNiHcWKrFbjVjJjh7r6eTjOG}, 30404: {instructions: Sugar sticks: Thoroughly oil a sheet pan. In a small saucepan bring sugar, corn syrup and water to a boil. Cook until mixture reaches the hard crack stage 295 to 310 degrees F. Remove pan from heat. Being careful caramelized sugar can cause a very bad burn quickly spoon large swirls onto prepared sheet pan. Allow to cool completely. Release swirls from pan. Store in a cool dry place.nIn a small saucepan combine lime juice and peel, sugar and water. Bring to a boil and reduce to approximately 1 cup. Allow to cool, cover and refrigerate syrup overnight. Strain out peel and pulp of lime. Whip cream to stiff peaks with 14 cup syrup. Spoon into martini glasses. Serve garnished with sugar swirls and chocolate chips., ingredients: [Peel and juice of 1 lime, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 pint heavy cream, 1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup corn syrup, 14 cup water, Chocolate chips for garnish], title: Lime Fool, picturelink: null}, 30405: {instructions: 1. Heat olive oil in a medium sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add fennel, onion, garlic, 1 14 teaspoons salt, fennel seed, and crushed pepper, if using, and cook until vegetables soften and brown slightly, about 5 minutes. Drain and reserve juice from tomatoes, and gently crush tomatoes with your hands. Add tomatoes, increase heat to high, and cook until slightly brown, about 5 minutes.n2. Add reserved juices from tomatoes, vegetable broth, tomato juice, and basil leaves. Bring to a boil, stir, reduce heat to medium low, cover and cook until vegetables are cooked through and soup reduces and thickens, about 30 minutes.n3. Remove pot from stove and puree soup in batches, with an immersion, regular blender, or food processor. Stir in lemon juice and season with pepper, to taste. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 fennel bulb, chopped, about 2 12 cups, 12 large onion, chopped, about 1 cup, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 18 to 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 2 cups homemade vegetable broth or lowsodium canned, 2 cups tomato juice, 6 basil leaves, torn, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Easy Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 30406: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium pan set over medium heat. Add half of the red onions and the yellow onions, and saute, stirring, until caramelized, 20 minutes. Add the sherry and wine, and cook, continually stirring, until the liquid reduces completely. Refrigerate the mixture until completely cool, 15 to 30 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add the chilled onions, reserved red onions, sour cream, salt, pepper and scallions. Serve at room temperature with kettle chips., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 red onion, finely diced, 1 yellow onion, finely diced, 12 cup dry sherry, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cups sour cream, 3 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 bunch scallions, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, Kettle chips, for serving], title: Bub and Pops French Onion Dip, picturelink: null}, 30407: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, combine the chicken stock and the cornstarch slurry and bring to a simmer for 3 minutes. Add the cream and the red pepper flakes. In a foil lined terra cotta pot, pour the rice and add the leftover garlic shrimp. Then pour the cream mixture over it. Top with the toasted panko and place in the oven for 45 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 pint leftover rice, 2 pints leftover garlic shrimp, 34 cup toasted panko bread crumbs Japanese bread crumbs], title: Garlic Shrimp Casserole, picturelink: jAGOdObekqrSxbF2BGX8BSaUbF2oYW}, 30408: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12cup capacity Bundt pannPut an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nCoat a Bundt pan with a little butter, then coat the bottom with 14 cup cajeta and put it in a large roasting pan. The roasting pan will serve as a water bath during baking.nFor the cake: Add the butter and sugar to a bowl and using an electric hand mixer or stand mixer, beat until light and fluffy, then beat in the egg. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and cocoa in a medium bowl. Beat 13 of the flour mixture, and 12 of the buttermilk into the egg mixture. Repeat, ending with the flour mixture. Blend until well incorporated.nFor the flan: In a blender, combine the evaporated milk, condensed milk, cream cheese, eggs and vanilla. Blend on high for 30 seconds.nScoop the cake batter into the prepared Bundt pan and spreading evenly. Slowly pour the flan mixture over the cake batter. Cover with foil and add about 1inch of hot water to the roasting pan.nCarefully slide the pan into the oven, and bake 1 hour, until the surface of the cake is firm to the touch, or an inserted toothpick comes out clean. When cake is done, remove from the water bath and cool completely to room temperature, about 1 hour.nInvert a large, rimmed serving platter over the Bundt pan, grasp tightly together, jiggle a little and flip over. Remove the pan and scrape any remaining cajeta from the pan onto the cake, garnish with chopped pecans and serve, ingredients: [Softened butter, to coat pan, 14 cup cajeta or caramel sauce, 10 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, room temperature, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup cocoa powder, 1 14 cups buttermilk, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 cup cajeta or caramel sauce, 14 cup chopped pecans], title: Chocoflan, picturelink: rFZKawW7s43xz1Ni4TrdWWMzTeyleq}, 30409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon until just crispy. Drain on paper towel lined plate and set aside. Crumble the bacon when cool to the touch.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat the thyme and cream over low heat to a bare simmer. Turn off the heat and let steep for about 5 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs.nRemove the pie pan from the refrigerator. Slice the potatoes in half lengthwise and then finely slice the potatoes. Working in circles, arrange the potato slices in the pie crust, stopping to season each layer with salt, pepper, and about 14 of the crumbled bacon. Continue layering until the pie pan is nearly full. Top with an even layer of the cheese and gently pour cream around and over the entire pie, allowing it to seep down between the potato slices. You may not use all the cream.nRoll out the remaining disk of refrigerated dough. Cover the pie with the dough and crimp the edges closed. Brush the top and edges of the crust with egg wash. Make a few slits in the center of the top crust, for the steam to escape, and put the pie pan on a baking sheet. Bake the torte until the crust is browned and crispy and the potatoes are cooked through, about 50 to 60 minutes. If the crust edges get too brown, cover them with some strips of aluminum foil. Remove the pie from the oven and let rest at least 15 minutes before cutting into wedges and serving.nPut the butter, flour, and salt in the food processor, and pulse lightly just until the mixture resembles wet sand. Add the water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing briefly after each spoonful of water. Keep adding water until the dough just begins to gather into larger clumps. Transfer equal amounts of the dough into 2 resealable plastic bags and pat each into a disk. Let rest in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Remove 1 of the disks from the bag to a flour coated surface. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out to a 10inch round. Gently fit the rolled dough into a 9inch pie pan, and refrigerate while you prepare the torte ingredients., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 23 cup heavy cream, 2 Pie Crusts, recipe follows, 3 medium baking potatoes, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 1 egg yolk, whisked with a splash of water, 1 cup butter 2 sticks, cubed and chilled, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 to 10 tablespoons ice water], title: PotatoBacon Torte, picturelink: 0Ac.gHzBa9p9ezSAyE9OFEeKlRRG6}, 30410: {instructions: Tie the parsley, oregano, rosemary and thyme with kitchen twine to create an herb bundle. Place the chicken, celery, carrots, onions, herb bundle, garlic, lemon, peppercorns and bay leaves in your biggest pot, and cover with water  hopefully 3 to 4 quarts. Bring to a low boil, reduce the heat and simmer 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove the chicken, strain the stock and return to stove top. Season the stock with salt. Bone and skin the chicken and shred the meat with a knife or tines of 2 large forks. Combine the light and dark meat., ingredients: [Handful fresh parsley, Few sprigs fresh oregano, Few sprigs fresh rosemary, Few sprigs fresh thyme, 8 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, 2 bonein, skinon chicken breasts, 4 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and quartered, 2 onions, peeled and quartered with root attached, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 12 teaspoons black peppercorns half a palm full, Few fresh bay leaves, Kosher salt], title: Poached Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30411: {instructions: Combine the broth, water, mirin, and the fish sauce in a large saucepan. Cut all but one scallion into 1inch pieces and add to the broth with the mushroom stems, ginger, garlic and bunch basil. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and continue to simmer until reduced by half, about 45 minutes. Remove the solids from the broth using a strainer or slotted spoon and discard.nAdd the chicken, sliced mushroom caps, and jalapeno to the broth adjust heat to keep the broth at a gentle simmer and cook 12 to 14 minutes or until the chicken is just cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and slice into 1inch pieces.nRemove the broth from the heat Stir in the edamame, jicama, and sliced chicken. Season to taste with salt. Scoop 12 cup of the cooked rice in each bowl and ladle some of the soup over it. Slice the reserved scallion on an angle and sprinkle over each bowl along with the basil leaves. Serve with lime wedges, if desired., ingredients: [6 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 bunch scallions about 6, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, caps thinly sliced, stems reserved, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 6 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 small bunch basil, plus basil leaves, for serving, 1 large chicken breast about 12 ounces, 12 to 1 red jalapeno, thinly sliced seeds and ribs removed for less heat, if desired, 1 cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed, 3 ounces 1 cup julienned jicama, Kosher salt, 2 cups hot cooked brown rice, Lime wedges, serving suggestion], title: ChickenScallion Rice Bowl, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 30412: {instructions: Pour all the liquids into a cocktail shaker. Fill it with ice and shake for about 30 seconds. Pour it all into a 16ounce double oldfashioned glass. Garnish with lime slice, pineapple, and mint sprig., ingredients: [1 12 ounces Myerss Plantation Rum, 1 ounce Cuban Rum, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce fresh grapefruit juice, 14 Falernum, 12 ounce Cointreau, 2 dashes Angostura bitters, 1 dash Pernod, 1 cup cracked ice, Slice squeezed lime, for garnish, Pineapple spear, for garnish, Mint sprig, for garnish, Falernum is a limeginger based syrup and can be found in some large liquor stores.], title: The Original Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 30413: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 28inchdiameter plywood base 7 feet 4 inches 34inchwide ribbon 1 30 by 40inch piece 316inchthick foam board 1 each cardboard cake rounds in the following diameters: 18, 12, and 6 inches 8 7inchhigh clear plastic tapered columnsnPrepare the base: Working on a flat surface, draw a circle in the center of plywood base that is 2 to 3 inches smaller than the largest cake tier. Using a large offset spatula, spread royal icing over surface between the drawn circle and edge of round plywood board to coat surface smoothly. Tap board on work surface to smooth and eliminate any bubbles. Set aside to dry, about 24 hours. When royal icing is dry, glue ribbon to side of board, wrapping around to cover entirely. Cut foam board into rounds, 1 each of the following diameters: 18, 12, and 6 inches. When cakes have completely cooled, place 1 of each size cake right side up on its corresponding size foamboard round. Place remaining 3 tiers on corresponding size cardboard cake rounds. Wrap all cakes tightly in plastic, and chill for at least 6 hours. This makes the layers firm and easy to handle. Cakes can also be frozen at this point. Remove cakes from refrigerator. If cakes are not level, use a serrated knife to trim the tops off, making sure to maintain a 2inch height on each cake. Place 1 of each cake on the corresponding size foamboard rounds, cut side up. Brush the cut surface of the bottom base cake layers generously with Lemon Simple Syrup. Using a mediumlarge pastry bag fitted with a coupler, pipe soft Italian meringue around the perimeter of each cake that has been moistened with syrup. This dam will prevent the lemon curd from seeping out. Fill the 18inch cake layer with 4 23 cups lemon curd, the 12inch cake layer with 2 13 cups lemon curd, and the 6inch cake layer with 12 cup lemon curd. Place the remaining cake layers, cut side down, on their corresponding size lemon curd filled cakes. Brush tops generously with Lemon Simple Syrup. Using an offset spatula to give each tier a crumb coat, ice top and sides of cake with a thin coat of soft Italian meringue. This thin layer of icing will seal the cake. Start from the center, and work toward and over the edge, making sure to spread the meringue over the sides of the tier. Let dry at room temperature for 30 minutes. To ice the cakes: Using a clean offset spatula, spread a smooth, even layer of soft Italian meringue, to coat cake entirely. Be sure to cover all exposed cake. The icing should be smooth and uniform. Place the largest tier on the serving platter. Insert 4 columns, narrow side down, into the 18inch tier each column should be 4 inches from the edge of the cake and evenly spaced around the cake. Fill a large pastry bag, fitted with a large star number 869 tip, with a freshly made batch of meringue. Beginning from the center, pipe 2 12inch cones to cover the entire top of tier. Insert columns into the 12inch tier pipe 12, and 6inch tiers in the same manner as in step 6. When ready to assemble the cake, dab a small amount of meringue onto the top of each column to fasten it to the above tier. Carefully stack the tiers.nTwelve batches of batter are needed to yield 2 6inch round layers, 2 10inch layers, and 2 14inch layers. Fill each 6inch pan with 1 34 cups of batter. Fill each 10inch pan with 5 cups of batter. Fill each 14inch pan with 11 cups of batter. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter baking pans line bottom of each baking pan with a round of parchment paper. Butter parchment and dust pans with flour, making sure to coat pans evenly. Tap out excess flour. In the bowl of an electric mixture fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add vanilla extract, then the eggs, 1 at a time. Sift together flour, salt, and baking powder 3 times. Add to egg mixture in 3 additions, alternating with milk, starting and ending with flour. Measure batter into prepared pans. Bake 6inch rounds for about 35 minutes, 10inch rounds for about 45 minutes, and the 14inch round for about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Cakes are done when the tops are golden brown and a cake tester inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Yield: 3 cups batternIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine confectioners sugar, meringue powder, and egg white. Mixing on low speed, add 14 cup water. Mix until icing begins to come up the side of the bowl, about 5 minutes. Add an additional tablespoon water, and mix until icing holds a ribbonlike trail on the surface for 5 seconds when you raise the paddle. If more water is necessary, add more, drop by drop, until the proper consistency is achieved. Yield: 2 cupsnIn a large heavy saucepan, bring 4 cups of water and the sugar to a rolling boil. Remove from heat, and add lemon juice. Let stand at room temperature to cool. Set aside. Can be made several days in advance. Yield: 7 cupsnIn a small, heavybottomed saucepan, whisk together egg yolks and whole eggs. Add sugar and lemon juice. Set over low heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture coats the back of a wooden spoon, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat, and stir to cool slightly. Strain curd through a sieve set over a small bowl. Add butter, a piece at time, stirring until smooth after each addition. Stir in lemon zest, and let cool completely. Yield: 1 12 cupsnIn a small saucepan, bring sugar and 23 cup water to a boil. Boil until the syrup reaches the softball stage 238 degrees on a candy thermometer. Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar beat on medium high until stiff but not dry. With the mixer running, slowly pour the hot sugar syrup into egg whites, and beat on high speed until mixture has cooled, about 15 minutes. Use immediately. If the meringue is overbeaten or is not used immediately, it will contain too many air bubbles that will make holes when piped. Yield: 6 cups RAW EGG WARNING Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [2 recipes Royal Icing, recipe follows, 2 each 18, 12, and 6inch round Moist Yellow Cake layers, recipe follows, 1 recipe Lemon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 5 recipes Lemon Curd Filling, recipe follows, 4 recipes Italian Meringue, recipe follows, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus more to coat pans, 1 13 cups cake flour, sifted, plus more to coat pans, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, room temperature, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 1 pound box about 4 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup meringue powder, 1 large egg white, 4 cups sugar, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 2 lemons, 4 large egg yolks, 2 large whole eggs, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 lemons, zested, 2 34 cups sugar, 9 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Chrysanthemum Cake, picturelink: null}, 30414: {instructions: Mix sugar, salt, and herbs in dry stainless steel bowl. Rub pork loin with olive oil and garlic, then massage the brown sugar and herb mixture into the meat. Let the pork loin marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRemove pork from the refrigerator and coat it with the excess marinade in the bottom of the pan. Transfer to the oven and cook until the internal temperature measures 145 degrees F on a meat thermometer. Remove from heat and let rest, tented with foil, for 20 minutes the internal temperature should rise to about 150 degrees F.nWhile pork is roasting, make Mushroom Ragout Sauce.nWhen ready to serve, slice pork as desired. For each serving, spoon 12 cup mashed potatoes in center of plate and sprinkle with candied pecans. Arrange pork on top of mashed potatoes and spoon 12 cup Mushroom Ragout onto each plate. Garnish with blue cheese crumbles and fresh mint and serve.nRender the pancetta in a braiser over medium heat until crisp. Add the olive oil, onions, and shallots. Cook until onions are starting to caramelize, and then add garlic and lemon zest and cook for a moment to release aromas. Add in mushrooms and saute until they break down, release their moisture, and liquid evaporates. Add Worcestershire and demiglace. Stir in rosemary, tomatoes, and butter until incorporated., ingredients: [23 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup seasoning salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 whole pork loin chop, excess fat removed, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup minced fresh garlic, 4 to 8 rib pork loin, 2 cups Mushroom Ragout Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups mashed potatoes your favorite recipe, 2 tablespoons candied pecans, 1 tablespoon blue cheese crumbles, for garnish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint leaves, for garnish, 2 tablespoons diced pancetta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup julienned yellow onions, 12 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14pound portobello mushrooms, chopped, 14pound oyster mushrooms, torn by hand, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup chicken demiglace, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon diced Roma tomatoes, 1 tablespoon whole butter], title: Glazed Pork Loin Chop, picturelink: null}, 30415: {instructions: Place 2 scoops ice cream in each of 4 glasses. Fill each glass with soda. Top each drink with whipped cream and sprinkles., ingredients: [2 pints vanilla ice cream, One 1liter bottle Green River or other lemonlime soda, Whipped cream, for topping, Green sprinkles, for topping], title: Green River Floats, picturelink: null}, 30416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the macaroni and cook until slightly underdone, or very al dente, about 7 minutes. Drain the pasta and return it to the pot.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and stir in the flour. Cook, stirring constantly, until the roux turns a very pale golden color. Add the milk and whisk well to remove any lumps. Bring to a simmer over low heat.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the bread crumbs, 14 cup of Parmesan, parsley and canola oil. Reserve.nAdd the paprika, Cheddar, the remaining 8 ounces of grated Parmesan, the cottage cheese and salt and pepper, to taste, into the milk mixture. Pour the cheese sauce over the pasta and stir to combine.nReserve 3 cups for the Round 2 web recipe Spicy Macaroni and Cheese Bites.nSpray a 9 by 13inch ovenproof baking dish with cooking spray. Pour in the macaroni and cheese and spread it evenly in the pan. Sprinkle with the bread crumb mixture and bake for about 30 minutes until the bread crumbs are toasted and golden., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 8ounce block Cheddar, grated, 12 cup cottage cheese, Freshly cracked black pepper, Cooking spray], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 30417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the eggs, garlic, cilantro, green onions, salt, cumin, lime zest and juice, anchovy, Worcestershire, Dijon, and jalapeno into the carafe of a blender and puree until smooth. With the motor running, slowly drizzle the olive oil into the top of the carafe until the mixture thickens. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nArrange the romaine on a platter and drizzle the sauce over the top. Garnish with the jack cheese and the croutons.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nDrain, rinse and lightly pat dry the chickpeas. Spread out on a baking sheet and pick over the peas, discarding small or damaged peas. Combine the oil and spices in a small bowl and add to the chickpeas. Toss well until evenly coated. Evenly spread out the chickpeas on the baking sheet and put in the oven. Bake for 10 minutes, then stir and bake for another 10 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and sprinkle with a pinch of sea salt. Drizzle with the lime juice and set aside to cool and dry. Use as desired., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 13 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves, 13 cup finely chopped green onions, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 anchovy, minced, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced jalapeno, 1 cup olive oil, 2 heads romaine, halved, 13 cup grated dry jack cheese, for garnish, Chickpea Croutons, recipe follows, 2 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon chipotle powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon fine salt, plus sea salt for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Spanish Caesar with Chickpea Croutons, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 30418: {instructions: Place the basil, chopped tarragon, tomato and horseradish in a fine strainer over a container. Place in refrigerator and allow to drip for 3 days. Discard contents of strainer. Add the vodka to the remaining liquid.nBlossom the gelatin sheets in cold water until soft. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, warm the herbtomato liquid mixture to about 120 degrees fand dissolve the blossomed gelatin sheets in it. Using a small mellonballer, cut the apple into small balls. Pour the gelatintomato liquid into 4 shallow 5 to 6inch bowls. Garnish with cucumber, reserved tarragon leaves, and apples, dividing equally between bowls. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nIn a small mixing bowl, place the stone crab knuckles, ver jus, creme fraiche, and powdered sugar. Mix lightly, trying not to break the crab too much. Lightly season with sea salt. Remove bowls from refrigerator divide crab mixture evenly between the bowls. Top with micro greens that have been lightly seasoned extravirgin olive oil and sea salt. Place crab on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bunch basil, roughly chopped, 1 bunch tarragon, roughly chopped, 10 leaves reserved, 4 vineripe tomatoes, diced and blended, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 4 ounces vodka, 6 sheets gelatin, soaked, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, 14 cup brunoise cucumber, 8 large stone crab claws, shells removed, knuckle meat reserved, 1 tablespoon ver jus sour green grape juice, may substitute white wine vinegar, 14 cup creme fraiche, 14 teaspoon powdered sugar, 1 cup micro greens, may substitute chopped arugula, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt, for seasoning], title: Stone Crab Salad with Spicy Greens and Tomato Gelee, picturelink: null}, 30419: {instructions: Make the pizza dough as directed in the master recipe. Stick a pizza stone in the oven and preheat them to 500 degrees F.nWash and scrub clams well to remove the exterior sand. Fill a steamer or pot with 1inch of water, add 12 teaspoon of salt, and toss in the bay leaves. Heat until the water is simmering and then add the clams. Cover and steam for 5 to 10 minutes until the clams open  discard any that do not. Remove the clams from the shells, coarsely chop them up, and put in a bowl. Add the lemon juice, a drizzle of olive oil, and season with salt and pepper set aside.nCoat a saute pan with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and place over medium heat. When the oil gets hazy, add the onion, bell pepper, garlic, tomatoes, and oregano. Cook and stir until the vegetables have cooked down and are really soft, about 10 minutes season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat.nSpread the ricotta evenly on the crust with a back of a spoon. Scatter the chopped clams all around and top with the sauteed red pepper mixture. Distribute the pieces of bacon on top. Slide the pizza onto the hot stone in the oven and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the crust is golden and crisp, and the cheese is bubbly.nBefore cutting the pizza into slices, drizzle with olive oil, grate pecorino on top, and shower with chopped parsley.nIn the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the yeast, sugar, and warm water stir gently to dissolve. Let the mixture stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, about 5 to 10 minutes.nTurn the mixer on low and add the salt and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until all the flour has been incorporated. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Get a feel for the dough by squeezing a small amount together: if its crumbly, add more water if its sticky, add more flour  1 tablespoon at a time. Mix until the dough gathers into a ball, this should take about 5 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and fold it over itself a few times kneading until its smooth and elastic. Form the dough into a round and place in a lightly oiled bowl, turn it over to coat. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot i.e. over a gas pilot light until doubled in size, about 1 hour. This is a good time to stick a pizza stone in the oven and preheat them to 500 degrees F.nOnce the dough is domed and spongy, turn it out onto a lightly floured counter. Roll and stretch the dough into a cylinder and divide into 3 equal pieces. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes so it will be easier to roll out.nRoll or pat out a piece of dough into a 12inch circle, about 18inch thick. Dust a pizza paddle with flour and slide it under the pizza dough. Brush the crust with a thin layer of olive oil, and top with your favorite flavors. Slide the pizza onto the hot stone in the oven and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the crust is golden and crisp. Repeat with the remaining dough.nYield: 3 pizza crusts, ingredients: [1 recipe Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 2 dozen large hardshell clams, such as cherrystone or chowder clams, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 medium vineripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 fresh oregano sprigs, leaves striped from the stem, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 12 pound bacon strips, sliced, 12 cup freshly grated pecorino, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup warm water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups 00 flour, plus more for dusting], title: Clams Casino Pizza, picturelink: null}, 30420: {instructions: In a large salad bowl, toss lettuce, cherry tomatoes, and almonds. Drizzle with the Green Goddess Dressing and season with salt, pepper, and then toss again. Serve on plates and top with more almonds and a sprinkling of feta.nAdd the parsley, tarragon, basil, shallot, garlic, buttermilk, light sour cream, vinegar, and lemon juice to a blender or food processor and blend until smooth., ingredients: [2 hearts of romaine, chopped, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut in 12, 12 cup roasted salted almonds, roughly chopped, plus more for garnish, Gs Green Goddess Dressing, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup crumbled feta, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped tarragon, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped basil, 1 small shallot, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup light sour cream, 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Gs Goddess Salad, picturelink: q1Vm0zMNVGrh1ua0wNxrSSuJe8rATLe}, 30421: {instructions: Grate the zucchini and potatoes and toss in the lemon juice to prevent browning. Squeeze the zucchini and potatoes through towels or a sieve. It is imperative that you get almost all the moisture out of the vegetables.nAdd the scallions, cheese, garlic, 12 cup of the parsley, salt and pepper, sugar, flour, and eggs and toss to make sure that the ingredients are well mixed.nHeat a 12 inch of peanut oil in a pan until hot and add thin silver dollarsize pancakes, frying over high heat until golden brown and crispy. When serving, sprinkle with a little more salt and the remaining chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds zucchini, 12 pound russet potatoes, peeled, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup chopped scallions, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 34 cup chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon pepper, 2 teaspoons sugar, 13 cup flour, 2 medium eggs, Peanut oil for frying], title: Zucchini Parmesan Latkes, picturelink: null}, 30422: {instructions: In a gallon size resealable bag, add the chicken, grapefruit soda, orange juice, rice vinegar, Dijon, olive oil, lemon pepper and granulated garlic. Place in the refrigerator and marinate for 2 hours.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh over direct heat.nRemove the chicken from marinade and add to the grill. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, flip over and cook until the internal temperature is 160 degrees F, an additional 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the grill, cover lightly with foil and allow to cool.nSplit the baguettes in half, remove any excess bread from inside the top half and lightly toast on the grill.nIn a small bowl, combine the wholegrain Dijon and marmalade. Spread this mixture on the toasted bread halves.nSlice the chicken breasts into 12inch pieces on the diagonal and place on the bottom half of the bread. Top evenly with the cheese and lettuce. Top with the top half of the baguette and slice on a diagonal to serve., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds total, 34 cup grapefruit soda, 14 cup orange juice, fresh squeezed, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons lemon pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Two 10 to 12inch pretzel baguettes, 14 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 6 slices Havarti cheese, 6 pieces Bibb lettuce], title: Grilled Chicken Sandwich on Pretzel Baguette with Citrus Mustard, picturelink: 7Lh5PEFVp8sDhKQoydxbQ5jVzjxSnm}, 30423: {instructions: Marinate the chickens in 23 of the barbecue sauce for a few hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Heat the coals in a charcoal grill. Spread the bottom of the grill with a single layer of hot coals and then add a few more coals 5 minutes before cooking, which will keep the fire going longer. Place the chicken quarters on the grill, skin side down, and cook for about 45 minutes, turning once or twice to cook evenly on both sides. Brush with the marinade as needed. The chicken quarters are done when you insert a knife between a leg and thigh and the juices run clear. Discard any unused marinade. Serve with extra barbecue sauce on the side.nIn a large saucepan on low heat, saute the onions and garlic with the vegetable oil for 10 to 15 minutes, until the onions are translucent but not browned. Add the tomato paste, vinegar, honey, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, chili powder, cumin, and red pepper flakes. Simmer uncovered on low heat for 30 minutes. Use immediately or store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 chickens 2 12 to 3 pounds each, quartered, with backs removed, 1 recipe Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 1 large onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup tomato paste 10 ounces, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup honey, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Barbecued Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30424: {instructions: Cut the bacon into quarters. Cook the bacon to a large frying pan over mediumlow heat until crisp and then add the rock candy. Candy the bacon for 30 seconds, then turn off the heat. While the bacon is cooking, add the avocado and 1 tablespoon of whole milk to a blender and blend until smooth. Combine 5 tablespoons of avocado mixture with 2 tablespoons of condensed milk in a small bowl. Spread 1 side of the 2 pieces of pulled bread with butter. Spread the avocado mixture generously, but not so much that it seeps through the bread, on the unbuttered side. You dont want it too soggy. Spoon the bacon evenly over the avocado mixture. Cover with the other unbuttered side of the bread to make a sandwich.nHeat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nGrill the sandwich, buttered side down, until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. While the sandwich is grilling, add 4 lychees, 3 ounces of vodka, 14 jalapeno pepper, and 3 ounces of lychee juice from the can, along with and ice cube to a blender. Blend to combine, then pour the lychee mixture evenly into 4 shot glasses.nRemove the sandwich from the grill or grill pan to a cutting board and cut into quarters. Serve each piece of sandwich on a plate with a lychee TNT shot glass.nCooks Note: Use a Bacon or Fuerte avocado, best in fallwinter. I dont like the Hass avocado.nAny Chinese bakery will have sliced pull bread in a bag. Its basically a sweeter, lighter, fluffier white bread not wheat flavor.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [34 pound bacon, sliced, 1 tablespoon rock candy, 12 avocado, pitted and flesh removed and reserved see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 2 tablespoons condensed milk, 2 slices Taiwanese pull bread see Cooks Note, Butter, softened, 1 can lychees, 3 ounces vodka, 14 fresh jalapeno pepper, 1 ice cube, 4 shot glasses], title: Green Monster and Lychee TNT, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 30425: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a large, heavy bottomed pot. Cook over high heat until it begins to thicken then reduce heat. Stir frequently to prevent sticking and burning until very thick. 3 to 5 hours in all. To speed up this process, place fruit in a colander overnight to allow some of the juices to drip out first., ingredients: [20 ripe tomatoes, 8 pears, diced, 8 peaches, diced, 6 large onions, chopped, 2 red peppers, chopped, 4 cups sugar, 4 cups white vinegar, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons pickling spices in a bag], title: Fruit Relish, picturelink: null}, 30426: {instructions: To finish: Granulated sugar, for dredgingnPlace the granulated sugar in a mediumsize saucepan with the water and turn the heat to high, stirring until the water and sugar are very syrupy, about 230 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 25 minutes. Stir in the rose water and turn off the heat. Place the almonds in a food processor and grind until fine. Transfer the almonds to a mediumsize bowl and add the confectioners sugar and 1 tablespoon water to form a dough with your hands. The dough does not have to be homogenous like a bread dough, just sticky enough so that a thimbleful amount will all hold together. Stuff the dates with the filling. Plunge the stuffed dates, holding them with thin tongs or chopsticks, into the sugar syrup, let excess syrup drip off, and then roll the dates in the granulated sugar and set aside on a waxed paperlined baking sheet or jelly roll pan. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 2 weeks until needed but serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar about 1 14 pounds, 1 34 cups water, 2 tablespoons rose water, 12 pound blanched whole almonds, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 2 pounds medjool dates, pitted], title: AlTamaralMahshi Stuffed Dates, picturelink: null}, 30427: {instructions: Beat 2 cups heavy cream and 12 cup sour cream until thickened. Add 2 tablespoons each brown sugar and cherry brandy beat until soft peaks form. Pour hot coffee into mugs and sweeten as desired. Top with the cream, jarred sour cherries and cocoa powder.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Cherry Coffee, picturelink: hXDQYR6hSbEKZKqD9KhhI2Mu1L6iP6}, 30428: {instructions: Roll out the pie dough to 18thinch thick and chill on parchment lined sheet pans. Cut out disks of dough 1inch bigger than your ovenproof 8 to 12 ounce crocks. Keep chilled until ready to use.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nDrain the cherry juices into a medium saucepan you should have about a cup of juice. Add the cornstarch, sugar, ginger, and lemon juice and whisk to dissolve the cornstarch then bring it to a simmer over medium heat whisking all the while. When thickened, turn off the heat, stir in the cherries.nPour the cherry filling into the ovenproof dishes and set aside to cool slightly. Carefully place the rolledout disks on top and ease them into the dishes so it doesnt hang over the edge. Brush each disk with a little heavy cream and then sprinkle lightly with 2 tablespoons of sugar. With the tips of a pair of scissors, snip a X vent hole in the top of each crust.nPlace the pies on a sheet pan, to catch any juices that boil over. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the juices are bubbling at the vents, 25 to 30 minutes.nLet cool to room temperature. Serve at room temperature with vanilla ice cream.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until you have a crumbly, sandy mixture. You should still be able to see the pieces of butter.nIn a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the watervinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. You should still see small bits of butter.nTurn out onto a work surface, divide the dough in half, and shape into round, flat disks. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using. Or, refrigerate up to 48 hours or freeze up to 1 month before using. If frozen, let thaw in the refrigerator overnight before rolling out.nWhen the time comes to roll out the dough, let the dough warm up for a few minutes at room temperature. Dust a work surface with just a few tablespoons of flour and keep some extra flour at hand. If you like, you can roll out the dough between two sheets of waxed paper flouring the bottom sheet and the top of the dough before rolling, which makes it much easier to transfer to the pan later on. However, you wont be able to check the progress of the dough as easily. Its entirely up to you.nSprinkle a little flour on top of the dough and start rolling outward from the center with quick, light strokes. Dont worry if the edges split a bit concentrate on getting a good circle going from the center. Lift up and rotate the dough 14 turn every minute or so to help ensure even rolling. The dough should feel smooth and soft some say it should feel like the inside of your forearm. If it gets sticky, sprinkle on a bit more flour, but dont do this more than two or three times the dough will absorb too much flour. Instead, put it back in the fridge for 15 minutes to firm the butter up. Keep rolling until the circle is at least 2 inches larger than your pan for example, 11 inches wide for a 9inch pie pan, or 3 inches larger for deepdish pies.nSet your pie or tart pan nearby. We always use heavy aluminum pans, because glass pans seem to bake the crust too fast. However, we know that the advantage of glass is that you can easily check the color of the crust. Again, its up to you. Either choice will work.nTo transfer the crust to the pan, we find it easiest to roll a finished crust up onto the rolling pin, then gently unroll it in the pan. Or, you can fold it gently in quarters, lift it up, position the center point on the center of the pan, and unfold it into the pan. If using waxed paper, peel off the top layer, turn the crust gently into the pan, and peel off the remaining paper. Make sure that the dough is allowed to settle completely into the pan.nDont stretch and press the dough into the corners stretched dough will likely shrink back when you bake it. Instead, lift the edges of the crust to let it settle down into the corners. If the dough tears a bit, dont be concerned it will patch easily. Using scissors or a sharp knife, trim the dough to within 34 inch of the rim. Use any extra scraps to patch the crust, pressing with your fingers wet them if necessary or set aside.nFor a doublecrust pie: Leave the edges of the bottom crust hanging over the rim. Roll out the second piece of dough into a circle about 11 inches in diameter. Line a sheet pan with parchment or waxed paper. Roll the dough up onto the rolling pin, then unroll it onto the sheet pan.nChill the finished crust or crusts for 20 to 30 minutes before filling the pie. When the bottom crust is filled, rest the top crust on top and pinch the edges together, turning them under all the way around. To decorate the rim, just press it all around with the back of a fork. For a slightly more advanced look, press the thumb and forefinger of one hand together. Use them to gently push the thick dough rim outward, while pushing inward with the forefinger of the other hand, so that they intersect in a V with the dough in between. Repeat all around the rim to make a wavy edge.nFor a prebaked pie or tart crust blind baking: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line the inside of the chilled crust with aluminum foil dont turn it down over the rim, but leave the extra sticking up so that you have something to hold on to. Fill the foil all the way up to the top of the shell with pie weights or dried beans. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, until dry and beginning to turn blond. Lift the foil and weights out of the shell and bake another 10 to 15 minutes, checking frequently to prevent over baking, until medium brown.nYield: 2 crusts Preparation time: 15 minutes plus rolling and shaping Cooking time: 30 minutes Ease of preparation: moderatenRecipe courtesy Gale Gand, Butter Sugar Flour Eggs by Gale Gand, Rick Tramonto, Julia Moskin: Clarkson N. Potter Publishers, 1999, ingredients: [1 14 pounds fresh or thawed frozen cherries, or 2 16ounce cans pie cherries, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 ounces 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup ice water strain out the ice just before using, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, Piecrust dough, recipe follows], title: Deep Dish Cherry Pie, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 30429: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Clean and stem the spinach. Heat the olive oil in a skillet. Saute the garlic for a few minutes before adding the spinach, salt and pepper. Cook the spinach only until wilted. Set aside.nTake 5 by 5inch sheet of puff pastry. Place spinach in the center of the pastry. Place a salmon fillet, better side down on the spinach. Wrap the pastry by bringing the opposite corners of pastry into the center, until salmon and spinach are covered. Brush lightly with egg wash.nTurn the Wellingtons over, so that the flat, smooth side is the top. Brush top with egg wash. Place on a baking tray lined with the parchment paper and bake 15 to 18 minutes or until pastry has turned golden brown. Serve with Red Pepper Sauce, recipe followsnRed Pepper Sauce: To roast peppers, place whole, uncut peppers over an open flame until the skin begins to blister and turn black, turning to get all sides. Take roasted peppers off flame, and put immediately into a brown paper bag to steam them. Let them remain in bag for approximately 10 minutes, then remove from bag. The blackened skin should peel right off the peppers.nSaute the first 5 ingredients until peppers are soft. Take off the heat and add the heavy cream, then stir gently to warm. Put mixture into blender or food processor and puree. Strain through a china cap and set aside.nRoux: Combine 1 stick of butter with 1 cup of flour in a saucepan, and cook over heat until mixture combines and turns a golden brown. Add roux to red pepper mixture a teaspoon at a time to thicken, being careful not to add too much., ingredients: [1 pound spinach, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 5 by 5inch sheets puff pastry, 4 7ounce salmon fillets, skinned and boned, 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, Parchment paper, 2 shallots, minced, 6 roasted red peppers, chopped, 8 ounces vegetable stock, 14 cup white wine, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 quart heavy cream, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup flour], title: Salmon Wellington with Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30430: {instructions: Make the veggie burgers: Bring 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the quinoa, cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the quinoa from the saucepan and spread out onto a baking sheet. Cool completely.nMeanwhile, puree half of the cannellini beans in a food processor. Combine 14 cup of the cooked quinoa save the rest for another time, the cannellini puree, the remaining whole cannellini beans, the corn, panko, cilantro, chili powder, cumin, granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and the lemon juice in a large bowl. Stir until the mixture comes together. Form into 8 small patties place on a plate and refrigerate for 15 minutes to firm up.nMeanwhile, make the yogurt sauce: Mix the cucumber, yogurt, lemon juice, tahini, sugar and garlic in a small bowl. Season with hot sauce, salt and pepper. Set aside.nCook the veggie burgers: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the patties and cook until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes per side.nFor the sandwich build: Place 2 patties inside each pita half top with some lettuce, tomato and the yogurt sauce. Serve while on the elliptical machine., ingredients: [12 cup quinoa, rinsed, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup diced English cucumber, 12 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons tahini sesame paste, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 small clove garlic, grated, Hot sauce, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large wholewheat pitas, warmed and halved, Redleaf lettuce and sliced tomato, for serving], title: Mini Veggie Burger Pitas, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 30431: {instructions: First of all, equally divide the hummus between 2 bowls and swirl the pesto into one of the bowls. The pesto hummus is for your adult mouth Yay, rightnTake 3 slices of the crusty bread and slather with the original hummus. Top with half of the shaved carrots, followed by all of the apple slices and cucumbers. Top with half of the sprouts and serve it just like that to the kiddos With some of the chips, natch.nNow, slather the remaining 3 slices of crusty bread with the pesto hummus and top with the rest of the carrots, followed by the delicious roasted red peppers and radishes spice and the rest of the sprouts. Serve with chips. Holla.nSupercrazy simple veggie lunch or dinner be SERVED., ingredients: [1 cup hummus original flavor, 13 cup pesto jarred or homemade, your choice, 6 slices crusty bread from a large loaf or baguette, 12 cup thinly shaved carrots a vegetable peeler works great, 12 cup thinly sliced apples, 12 cup thinly sliced cucumbers, 12 cup alfalfa sprouts, Chips, for serving, 12 cup roasted red pepper slices jarred or homemade, up to you, 13 cup thinly sliced radishes], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: OpenFaced Veggie Sandwiches with Hummus, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 30432: {instructions: Line bottom and sides of a 9inch square pan with parchment paper set aside.nSplit the vanilla bean in half with a small paring knife, and scrape out the seeds discard the pod. Add the seeds to the cream in a 1 12 quart saucepan scald the cream and keep the saucepan near the stove so that if the cream cools too much when needed, you can reheat it briefly. In a deep, heavybottomed 4quart saucepan over low heat, blend the corn syrup and the sugar, stirring occasionally until the mixture becomes more fluid and most of the sugar appears dissolved.nStop stirring, raise heat to mediumhigh, and gently boil until a candy thermometer registers 305 degrees F hard crack stage, about 9 to 12 minutes.nAdd the butter and salt to the sugar mixture, stirring constantly. Pour in the warm vanillaflavored cream in a slow but steady stream without letting the boiling stop be carefulmixture foams up and is steamy. Lower heat to medium and continue to boil gently until the thermometer registers about 248 degrees F, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching, about 14 to 15 minutes.nLet the candy stand about 3 minutes to allow bubbling to subside, then pour into the prepared pan without scraping the saucepan allow to cool at least 5 hours.nInvert onto a clean cutting board and cut into 12inchwide strips then cut across the strips to form 12inch squares. To apply a patch of gold leaf to each square, use a small artists brush. With the brush, lift a tiny patch about the size of an oatmeal flake of gold leaf and deposit it on top of the caramels for decoration.nCut caramels tend to stick together and not hold their shape unless individually wrapped, so for easiest storage wrap the block of caramels in aluminum foil and cut off portions as needed. Store cut caramels in layers, separated by aluminum foil in an airtight metal or plastic container in a cool place for up to 3 weeks., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 2 cups 1 pint heavy cream, 1 cup light corn syrup, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, softened and cut into 4 pieces, 12 teaspoon salt, 24karat gold leaf], title: Golden Caramels, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 30433: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt and crushed garlic, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet set over medium heat and saute the minced garlic, onions and bell peppers. Add the tomatoes and oregano, stir and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add salt, pepper and sugar to taste just a bit of sugar for a hint of sweetness.nSpread some of the mayonnaise mixture in the buns and place a hot dog in each. Then top the dogs with the tomato mixture, shredded cheese and some crushed chips to finish. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Pinch salt, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 white onion, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, Half 8ounce can chopped stewed tomatoes, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sugar, 2 hot dog buns, 2 cooked hot dogs, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, Kettle potato chips, crushed], title: Brazilian Street Cart Dog, picturelink: zojjQZgPOJ.Eaw7j8q9cZg7tBhODJi}, 30434: {instructions: emnemnemnemnemnemnPrepare the sauce by mixing together the orange juice, soy sauce, cornstarch, ginger, and garlic paste. Set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet or wok. Stirfry onion, carrots, and mushrooms for 1 minute over high heat. Add squash, broccoli, and snow peas and cook for about 2 minutes. Add remaining vegetables and cook until red pepper is tender. Stir sauce and add to skillet. Simmer until sauce has thickened. Serve immediately over rice or noodles and garnish with orange zest and orange slices., ingredients: [1 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium Orange Juice, 1 tbsp. soy sauce, 2 tbsp. cornstarch, 1 tsp. chopped ginger, 1 tsp. garlic paste, 2 tbsp. canola oil, 14 onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup sliced carrots, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 12 cup chopped broccoli, 14 cup snow peas, 12 cup sliced yellow squash, 1 cup fresh mushrooms, rinsed and sliced, 1 red pepper, thinly sliced, 14 cup baby corn, 4oz. can sliced water chestnuts, drained, 2 tbsp. orange zest, Orange slices], title: StirFry with Orange Juice Sauce, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 30435: {instructions: To make the syrup, combine all of the ingredients except the tequila in a saucepot and bring to a boil, stirring constantly until the sugar has melted. Remove syrup from heat, add the tequila, and cool to room temperature.nFor the icing, place the sugar, salt, and lime zest in a bowl. Add the liquids a little at a time until the mixture is just loose enough to pour. Be careful not to add too much liquid, but if you do, add more sugar as needed.nTo finish, hold the cake upside down and cut a little well around the bottom of the cake. Pour half of the syrup evenly over the cake. Turn the cake over, and using a pastry brush, paint the cake with the remaining syrup.nDrizzle the icing over the cake. Sprinkle with candied lime zest. Slice and serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [14 cup lime juice, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 cup superfine sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup tequila, 12 box confectioners sugar, Pinch salt, 1 lime, zested, 1 cup tequila, 1 cup lime juice, Store bought angel food cake, Store bought candied lime zest, Whipped cream], title: Drunken Angel Food Cake with Tequila and Lime, picturelink: null}, 30436: {instructions: Place the grapefruit cutside down and thinly slice. While holding the slices together, turn and cut them in half. Combine the grapefruit, strawberries, lime and orange in a pitcher. Then add the rose, grapefruit juice, vodka and simple syrup. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours. Serve in goblets over ice., ingredients: [1 grapefruit, halved, 1 cup halved ripe strawberries, 1 lime, thinly sliced, 1 small orange, halved and thinly sliced, 1 bottle rose wine, chilled, 1 cup pink grapefruit juice, 1 cup chilled pink grapefruit vodka, 12 cup simple syrup, more if desired, Ice], title: StrawberryPink Grapefruit Rose Sangria, picturelink: DVfSCbXXyVEsgz5dGXlgAdkC42vimaO}, 30437: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAfter scoring pork on all sides with 14inch deep slits about 1inch apart, rub with 3 tablespoons salt, then liquid smoke. Wrap the pork completely in ti leaves, tie with string, and wrap in foil. Place meat in a shallow roasting pan with 2 cups of water and roast for 4 hours. Dissolve 1 tablespoon Hawaiian salt in 2 cups boiling water and add a few drops of liquid smoke. Shred the cooked pork and let stand in this solution for a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [8 pounds pork butt, 4 tablespoons Hawaiian salt, divided, 4 tablespoons plus a few drops liquid smoke, divided, 8 to 12 large ti leaves, ribs removed, 2 cups boiling water], title: Kalua Pork, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 30438: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the salami until it begins to get crisp and render some fat, 2 to 3 minutes flip it and top with 2 slices of havarti. Cook until the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pan and quarter each piece set aside. Repeat the process with the mortadella and the remaining cheese.nSmear the rolls with the mustard. Layer a slice each of fried salami and mortadella, some pickles and a few potato chips on the rolls.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [6 ounces mortadella in 2 thick slices, 8 slider rolls, split, 14 cup stoneground mustard, Dill pickle chips, for topping, Potato chips, for topping, 6 ounces Genoa salami in 2 thick slices, 4 thick slices havarti cheese], title: Fried Mortadella and Salami Sliders, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 30439: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch springform pan and set aside.nCombine the brown sugar and 4 tablespoons of the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar dissolves and the syrup is bubbling. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until it turns light amber, about 10 minutes. Carefully pour the butter mixture into the prepared pan and arrange the mango on top, overlapping the slices. Sprinkle the shredded coconut on top and set aside.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and reserve. Beat together the granulated sugar and remaining 8 tablespoons butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until light and fluffy, about 6 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla. Add half of the flour mixture and mix at low speed until just combined. Mix in the milk, then add the remaining flour and mix until just combined.nGently spoon the batter into the pan over the coconut and mango and spread evenly. Bake on the middle rack until golden brown and a tester comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let the cake cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes.nRun a thin knife around the inside edge of the pan, then invert a plate over the pan and invert the cake onto the plate. Let the cake cool completely on the plate, at least 20 minutes, then serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the pan, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 2 large mangoes, sliced into 12inch slices approximately 2 cups, 12 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 14 cups whole milk], title: UpsideDown Mango Cake, picturelink: LxAJONm3YZKyGXPiqB1yyy9KMdUSWPe}, 30440: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nPlace the garlic and parsley in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped. Add the ground chuck, Parmesan cheese, tomato paste, salt, and pepper. Pulse until ingredients are combined. Form the mixture into 9 patties. Place the burgers on the grill and cook for 4 to 5 minutes each side.nBrush the cut sides of each roll with the olive oil and toast on the grill for 1 to 2 minutes until slightly golden.nTo serve, place 1 mini burger on the bottom half of each of the rolls. Place 1 slice of Taleggio cheese on top of the burgers. Place the basil leaf on top of the cheese and cover with the top half. Serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 14 pounds ground chuck, 34 cup 1 12 ounces grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 9 small ciabatta rolls, sliced in 12, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 9 slices 4 12 ounces Taleggio cheese, 9 large basil leaves], title: Mini Italian Pub Burgers, picturelink: xHGkCPurkZOTds9ilBiu7MmrlWYhlHm}, 30441: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and allow to warm 1 to 2 minutes. Then add the red onions and warm for 1 minute. Next, add the jalapenos and again warm for 1 minute. Then add the orange juice and vinegar, allowing the liquids to reduce and only coat the bottom of the pan, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, stir in the jam and allow to warm for 2 minutes. Then remove from the heat and cool for 5 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, sambal, pineapple and sugar. Then add the watermelon, strawberries, kiwi, cilantro and mint. Toss together and finish with lemon juice mixture. Stir.nAllow this to rest for 20 to 30 minutes, ensuring flavors have blended., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons jalapeno, seeded and diced, 14 cup orange juice, 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons strawberry jam, Juice of 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon sambal Thai chili paste, 1 cup small diced pineapple, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 2 cups small diced fresh watermelon, 14 cup diced strawberries, 1 kiwi, peeled and small diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint], title: Fruit Salsa, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 30442: {instructions: In a large skillet over high heat, add oil, red pepper flakes and garlic and toast the garlic until golden brown. Add chard and toss quickly. Stir in a splash of white wine. Cook and toss until liquid evaporates and chard is wilted. Add the sugar, season with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bunch Swiss chard, stems removed and leaves chopped into thin strips, Splash white wine, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt], title: Spicy Swiss Chard, picturelink: czs4OVDPjD3BKyaaQsGeqixy2Gk7RZe}, 30443: {instructions: To prepare the eel, chop off the head leaving it attached on 1 side and skin from head to tail. Cut the fillets from both sides of the backbone and cube into 1inch pieces.nIn a medium pot, combine monkfish, eel, carrots, bay leaves, and a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add just enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes and then strain, saving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nIn a large pot over medium heat, melt the butter and add the onions and potatoes. Cook for 5 minutes, until vegetables are coated in butter and beginning to soften. Add the bell peppers and plantains and cook, stirring often, until all the vegetables are softened, but not cooked through. Add the coconut milk, coconut cream, heavy cream, tomatoes and reserved fish stock. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium so chowder is simmering and add fish. Add dried parsley, cayenne, salt, freshly ground black pepper, and curry powder to taste. Add just enough paprika for a pinkish hue. Simmer until the flavors have melded, the vegetables are cooked through, and the chowder has thickened slightly, about 25 to 35 minutes. Serve with hot sauce if desired in a bowl or, more decoratively, a half a melon or coconut., ingredients: [1 medium size live eel about 1 to 2 pounds, both sides or loins, 3 pounds monkfish, or 4 loins off the backbone, skinned, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons butter, 7 medium Spanish onions, sliced, 15 small Idaho potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 5 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 5 green bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 3 green plantains, peeled and sliced, 3 yellow plantains, peeled and sliced, 3 13.5ounce cans coconut milk, 1 15ounce can coconut cream, 12 cups heavy cream, 3 pounds canned peeled tomatoes, plus their juices, Pinch dried parsley, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 ounces Jamaican curry powder, Pinch paprika, Hot sauce, melon or coconut, for serving], title: Bens Bahamian Monkfish and Eel Chowder, picturelink: WPiS4fruSzHsGo1Jl.p3ygqlFcXLutm}, 30444: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBoil sugar, butter, honey, and cream in a 1quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until creamy and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in almonds and orange peel batter will be thin.nDrop level 12 teaspoons of batter about 2 inches apart on parchmentlined baking sheets. Batter will thicken as it cools you may need to reheat for last few batches. Bake in batches in middle of oven until golden brown and bubbly, 8 to 10 minutes. Cookies will look runny at this point.nCool cookies on sheets on racks until firm enough to be lifted, about 2 minutes, then transfer with a metal spatula to racks to cool completely. The cookies are very delicate if they become too brittle to lift easily, return to oven to soften, about 1 minute.nMelt chocolate in a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally, then remove top of double boiler or bowl from heat. Dip about 13 of each cookie into chocolate, then transfer to a parchmentlined tray. Let stand until chocolate is set, about 1 hour.nCooks Note: Cookies keep, layered between sheets of waxed or parchment paper do not overlap and chilled in an airtight container, 1 week., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 tablespoons mild honey, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 23 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup finely chopped finequality candied orange peel, 8 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Miniature Florentines, picturelink: null}, 30445: {instructions: Melt the butter with the oil in a large skillet over quite high heat. Season the chicken pieces and fry in batches until well browned, about 5 minutes per side.nPut all the chicken back in the pan, add chicken stock and reduce the heat to medium. Cover and cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and keep warm and reduce any leftover juices until sticky. Add the shallot and wine and reduce to a thickish sauce, about 5 minutes. Add the creme fraiche and 12 the tarragon. Boil down again to sauce consistency, 3 to 5 minutes.nSeason the sauce with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Put back the chicken pieces, turning to coat, then transfer to a platter. Pour the sauce over, scatter over the remaining tarragon, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 about 3 pound1.4 kg chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 shallot, minced, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup chopped fresh tarragon, Lemon juice, to taste], title: Tarragon Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30446: {instructions: Pour lettuce into a big salad bowl. Break up the olives a little with your clean fingers. Scatter the olives and the sliced red peppers around the salad. Add in the grape tomatoes and the pepperoni slices, too. Into a blender, pour the vinegar. Add the olives, herbs, and cheese, the pepper and oil, too. Have the GH grownup helper place the lid on blender and blend the dressing until everything is all chopped up and mixed up together. Pour dressing over the salad and toss it up good., ingredients: [1 sack chopped romaine lettuce, 10 ounces, 12 cup special black pitted olives from the fancy olive bins near the deli, 1 roasted red pepper, sliced, 24 slices pepperoni, 12 grape tomatoes, 3 splashes red wine vinegar, about 3 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons green salad olives with red pimento and juice, 6 leaves fresh basil, torn up, Handful flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 to 3 tablespoons, 3 big spoonfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, A few grinds black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it], title: A Nice Italian Girls Salad, picturelink: null}, 30447: {}, 30448: {instructions: Separate the tenderloins from the breasts. Between sheets of plastic wrap, pound the thicker side of the breast to make it more even in thickness. Season the chicken with salt. Heat the sesame oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the chicken breasts and tenderloins. Saute for about 4 to 5 minutes. Youll know to turn the chicken over when the top looks opaque tenderloins may take only 2 to 3 minutes per side. Saute on the other side 4 to 5 minutes or until the interior is cooked through.nRemove the chicken to a plate. Deglaze the pan with the garlic and Chinese 5spice powder and add the broth and hoisin mixture. Boil down covered until thick and glossy. Remove the skillet from the heat and whisk in the butter. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and sprinkle the scallions and cilantro on top., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons Oriental sesame oil, Minced clove garlic, 1 teaspoon Chinese 5spice powder, 12 cup chicken broth mixed with 1 tablespoon Hoisin sauce, and 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, 1 small scallion, thinly sliced, Chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chinese Style Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30449: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. To make the tarts you can use muffin tins to form the individual tarts or you can use small tart rings. To begin you should have your sugar and melted butter with a pastry brush ready. If not using immediately keep the phyllo dough covered with a damp towel as it has a tendency to dry out very quickly. Brush each sheet with enough butter to lightly coat. Sprinkle with sugar and fold the dough in half and then cut the rectangle in half creating 2 squares. Place each square in muffin tins and the dough may bunch up on top that is okay it will appear ruffled when baked. Repeat this method as many times as you need for each serving. Bake phyllo for 10 minutes or until golden brown and set.nWhisk together the egg yolks, sweet wine, and sugar in a large bowl. Remember this is going to need room to grow 3 times its volume. Place this bowl on top of a pot of simmering water and begin to whip constantly. It will probably take 10 minutes or so, so you may want to have a relief whisker available. Once the sabayon is light and airy yet you can see the tracks made by the whip take off the double boiler and place bowl inside of a larger bowl that has water and ice in it to cool the cream down. Once cooled you can whip 2 cups of heavy cream until medium to stiff peaks. Fold into the sabayon. To assemble the tarts, place the baked phyllo cups on plates and spoon in sabayon cream, then pile high with any berries you like. Dust with powdered sugar and enjoy., ingredients: [4 to 6 sheets of phyllo, 3 to 4 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup sugar, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup Muscat wine or any other sweet wine, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, Assorted berries blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, etc., Powdered sugar for dusting], title: Phyllo Berry Sabayon Tart, picturelink: null}, 30450: {instructions: Sit the pineapple on its side and slice it in half, starting at the bottom and slicing all the way up through the leafy section. Chisel out the core of each half. Discard. Then cut around the fleshy sections with a knife as you would a grapefruit. Remove flesh with a spoon and cut into small chunks. Reserve both the flesh and the rinds.nMelt butter in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add pineapple chunks, but none of the juice, and stir occasionally for 5 minutes.nSprinkle 1 tablespoon of sugar and stir occasionally for 30 seconds, or until it has dissolved. Repeat the same process, 1 tablespoon at a time, with the remaining sugar.nPour in liqueur, let it heat up for 10 seconds, then ignite.nPlace a single scoop of ice cream in each of the hollowedout pineapple shells and pour half the contents of pan overtop each. Serve immediately with 2 spoons per couple., ingredients: [1 ripe pineapple, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 ounces orange flavored liqueur or dark rum, 1 pint vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt], title: Pyrotechnic Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 30451: {instructions: Special equipment: a pasta machine an immersion blender a meat mallet butchers twine an instantread thermometer a ravioli mold, optionalnFor the porchetta: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Cut the pork butt in a spiral fashion so that the pork butt will be about 1inch thick and flattens into a sheet. Pound out the sheet of meat with a mallet to an even thickness. Combine the salt, oregano and pepper in a small bowl and season both sides of the pork butt. Remove the sausage from the casing and spread over the pork butt in an even layer. Roll up the pork butt and sausage into a cylinder and truss with butchers twine.nHeat a large skillet over high heat until smoking hot. Add the grapeseed oil and then carefully place the porchetta roll in the pan fatside down. Sear the porchetta on all sides until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the porchetta from the skillet and place in a braising pan. Add the onion, carrot and celery to the skillet and saute until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and saute for another 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock and bring to a boil.nPour the braising liquid over the porchetta, cover with a layer of parchment paper and then a layer of aluminum foil and seal tightly. Bake in the oven, basting every 30 minutes with the braising liquid, until the porchetta reaches an internal temperature of 210 degrees F measured with an instantread thermometer, 3 to 4 hours. Remove the porchetta from the oven and allow it to cool in the braising liquid.nFor the ravioli: Shred the porchetta in a large bowl. Combine the meat with the ricotta and Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Whisk the eggs in a small bowl and hold for sealing the ravioli.nFor making the ravioli with a ravioli mold: Cut the Pasta Dough sheets to the size of the molds. Lay one sheet over the mold. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of filling per indent, depending on size of the molds. Brush the dough not covered by the filling with the egg wash and then lay another piece of pasta over the top. Roll a rolling pin over the top of the mold to seal and cut the ravioli. You should have about 48 ravioli total.nFor making the ravioli by hand without a ravioli mold: Cut the Pasta Dough sheets into 3inch squares. Dollop 1 to 2 tablespoons of filling just off the center of each square toward one of the corners, brush the perimeter of the dough with the egg wash, fold the sheet over the filling, corner to corner, and seal by pressing around the filling with your fingers. You should have about 48 ravioli total.nFor serving: Bring the Pasta Sauce to a simmer in a saucepan. Whisk in the butter. Bring 1 gallon water and 2 tablespoons kosher salt to a rapid boil in a large pot. Drop the ravioli in the water and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the ravioli from the water using a skimmer, transfer to the pan with the sauce and toss to coat. Plate 8 ravioli per serving with some sauce in pasta bowls. Garnish with some of the Parmesan cheese and chopped basil.nCombine the flour and salt in a bowl and mix. Form a well in the center of the flour mixture. Place the eggs, extravirgin olive oil and 1 tablespoon water in the well. Mix the egg mixture with a fork and slowly incorporate the flour until it becomes a ball of dough. The dough should be tacky, but not wet. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and allow it to rest at room temperature for 1 hour. Roll out the dough into thin sheets using a pasta machine. Cut the pasta into desired shapes or cut into sheets for ravioli. Yield: 1 12 pounds.nCombine the whole peeled tomatoes, extravirgin olive oil, basil, carrot, oregano, onion and garlic in a large saucepan and pulse with an immersion blender. Bring the sauce to a simmer and stir in the diced tomatoes, tomato paste, salt and pepper. Simmer until the carrots are tender, 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [Porchetta:, 3 pounds boneless pork butt, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dry oregano, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound Italian sausage, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 14 cup diced carrot, 14 cup diced celery, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups chicken stock, Ravioli:, 1 cup ricotta, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, Twelve 6by12inch sheets Pasta Dough, recipe follows, 6 cups Pasta Sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, Kosher salt, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 pound allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Pinch kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 quarts canned whole peeled tomatoes, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup fresh basil, chiffonade, 12 cup small diced carrot, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups canned diced tomatoes, 12 cup tomato paste, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Porchetta Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 30452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the meat with its juices to a plate. Heat the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are soft and have released most of their water, about 5 minutes. Return the beef and juices to the pan and stir to incorporate. Sprinkle with the flour and stir until well combined. Add the beef broth, wine, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture thickens and reduces slightly, 5 minutes. Stir in the yogurt and cook for 1 minute more. Spoon the mixture over the noodles and garnish with parsley.nExcellent source of: Copper, Folate, Iron, Manganese, Niacin, Pantothenic Acid, Phosphorus, Potassium, Protein, Riboflavin, Selenium, Thiamin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, Vitamin K, ZincnGood source of: Fiber, Magnesium, ingredients: [4 teaspoons canola oil, 1 pound top round, London broil, or flank steak, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, Two 8ounce packages white button mushrooms, cleaned, stemmed, and sliced about 5 cups, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 12 cup dry red wine, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup plain Greekstyle nonfat yogurt, 4 cups cooked wholewheat egg noodles, 4 teaspoons minced fresh parsley], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 30453: {instructions: Chill a decorative glass bowl or 6 stemmed glasses.nRinse and pick over cranberries and place in a large saucepan. Add sugar and cook over medium heat about 5 minutes, until cranberries have burst and the mixture has a thick jamlike consistency. Cool.nStir in zest, juice and liqueur and rub through a strainer to remove skins.nWhip cream and fold 34 of it into cranberry puree. Place mousse in bowl or glasses. Decorate with reserved whipped cream just before serving., ingredients: [1 bag cranberries, 12 ounces, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 2 cups heavy whipping cream], title: Cranberry Orange Mousse, picturelink: null}, 30454: {instructions: Fill the saucepan halfway with water and bring it to boil over high heat. Score an x at the base of each tomato with a small paring knife. Lower the tomatoes into the boiling water until the skin splits, about 30 seconds. Plunge them into ice water after blanching to stop the cooking. Peel skins from the tomatoes, and cut them in half lengthwise. Remove the seeds, cut the tomatoes into a 13inch slivers julienne and set them aside. There will be about 1 12 cups.nYou should start the sauce about 15 minutes before you want to serve the fish, so start heating up the larger skillet for the fish on a medium heat at the same time you begin the sauce. Place the smaller skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil 3 tablespoons and the bay leaves. Cook the bay leaves until they are lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the allspice and garlic and cook for 30 seconds, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Add the bell pepper and onion and saute, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are golden, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, white wine and olives. Simmer until the sauce is fragrant and has thickened slightly, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat.nJust before you add the tomatoes to the sauce, add the olive oil 14 cup to the preheated large skillet. Quickly season all the fillets with salt and pepper on both sides. Spread the cornmeal into a shallow bowl and dredge the fish portions in the cornmeal, 1 at a time, pressing to make the cornmeal adhere and then gently shaking off the excess. Work quickly and put each fillet into hot oil as you prepare them. As soon as the cornmeal appears to darken, turn the heat down a bit. The key is to have them cooking evenly so that when you turn the fillet, it should be a perfect golden brown. It will take about 3 to 4 minutes per side. The thicker the fish, the slower you should cook it. Turn the fillets, and cook for another 3 or 4 minutes until crisp and golden brown. Using a slotted spatula, transfer the fish to individual plates or to a platter. Divide the sauce by draping a small amount of the chunky sauce over the fish and spooning the remaining sauce around it. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium ripe tomatoes 12 ounces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, preferably Portuguese, 2 bay leaves, 3 whole allspice berries, cracked and finely chopped, 3 or 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium green bell pepper about 6 ounces, thinly sliced, 1 medium onion about 6 ounces, thinly sliced, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 cup small black Portuguese or nicoise olives, pitted and rinsed, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, preferably Portuguese, 1 12 to 2pounds hake fillets, trimmed, deboned and skinned cut into 4 6 to 8ounce portions, Kosher or sea salt freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cornmeal], title: PortugueseStyle PanFried Hake, picturelink: fbjQo1kcnJVbaAq.sXQCg0s9zSAidxK}, 30455: {instructions: Special equipment: An immersion blender a pastry bag fitted with a medium tipnWhisk together the flour, granulated and brown sugars, the baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, butter and vanilla in a small bowl. Add the wet mixture to the dry mixture and gently mix to combine. Do not overmix. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes before using.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Heat a castiron or nonstick griddle pan over medium heat and brush with melted butter. Once the butter begins to sizzle, use 2 tablespoons of the batter for each pancake and cook until bubbles appear on the surface and the bottom is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip over and cook until the bottom is golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes longer. If desired, keep warm on a baking sheet in the oven.nServe a stack of 6 pancakes per person, topped with some of the PineappleMango Syrup and Mascarpone Whipped Cream. Dust with confectioners sugar. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs, if desired.nCombine 2 cups chopped mango, 2 cups chopped pineapple, the sugar and 2 cups water in a large saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fruit is very soft, about 15 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat and, using an immersion blender, blend until almost smooth. Add the honey and simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nStrain the mixture into a bowl and add the finely diced mango and pineapple, the orange zest and lemon juice to taste. Keep warm while making the pancakes.nCombine the mascarpone, confectioners sugar, vanilla and 12 cup cream in a medium bowl and whip until soft peaks form add a bit more heavy cream if not creamy enough. Put in a pastry bag with medium tip., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups plus 3 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for the griddle, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, PineappleMango Syrup, recipe follows, Mascarpone Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, for serving, Mint sprigs, optional, for serving, 2 cups fresh mango, chopped, plus 14 cup finely diced, 2 cups fresh pineapple, chopped, plus 14 cup, finely diced, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 to 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 8 ounces mascarpone, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 to 23 cup very cold heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Silver Dollar Tropical Pancakes with Mascarpone Whipped Cream, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 30456: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the Chianti and the sugar. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and reduce by 23. Remove from the heat and cool completely. In a large bowl, combine the berries, the lemon juice and the cooled wine syrup. Refrigerate for 2 hours, up to 24 hours. Whip the cream to soft peaks. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla and whip to medium stiff peaks. Place one slice of pound cake on 4 plates. Top each slice with 12 cup of the red wine macerated berries. Place another slice of pound cake on top of the berries. Top with another 12 cup of berries. Top each with a dollop of whipped cream. Garnish with 1 whole strawberry., ingredients: [3 cups Gallo Chianti, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 cups blueberries, 1 12 cups strawberries, sliced, 1 12 cups raspberries, 1 tablespoon fresh squeezed lemon juice, 1 pound cake, sliced into 1 inch thick slices should have 8 slices total, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 whole strawberries], title: Red Wine Macerated Berry Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 30457: {instructions: Combine cucumbers and watercress in a large bowl. Whisk the honey, vinegar, and water together. Pour over salad and toss well to combine. Season with dill and salt and toss salad again., ingredients: [1 English European seedless cucumber, diced, 1 12 cups watercress leaves, the yield of a healthy bundle from the market, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 3 tablespoons cold water, 3 tablespoons fresh dill, finely chopped, Coarse salt], title: Cucumber Watercress Salad, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 30458: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nRoughly chop 1 bunch rosemary, sage and thyme, 5 of the bay leaves and the 3 garlic cloves. Add to a bowl, and mix with the olive oil, 3 tablespoons salt and 2 tablespoons pepper. Rub the birds with the herb mixture so it sticks to the skin. Transfer the chickens to a roasting pan.nRoast for 2 12 hours, or until the temperature between the breast and thigh near the bone registers 150 degrees F. At this stage the chickens are 75percent cooked. Set aside to cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, break down the birds into 10 pieces each, with the breasts boneless and halved. You will end up with a wing, leg, thigh and 2 pieces breast meat per half chicken.nIn a large bowl, combine the buttermilk, hot sauce and sugar. Submerge the chicken pieces in the buttermilk and let sit for 30 minutes.nFill a large, heavy pot with grapeseed oil to a depth of 3 inches. Turn the heat on, and add the remaining bunches rosemary, sage and thyme, the remaining 5 bay leaves and the head of garlic, broken into cloves. Heat the oil to 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. The herbs and garlic will crisp up and perfume the oil as it comes to temperature. Once they are crispy, remove them to a papertowellined plate and set asidethey will serve as a garnish for the finished dish.nIn a large bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, rice flour, garlic powder, onion powder, 13 cup salt and 14 cup black pepper mix thoroughly. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk do not dry and coat well in the flour mixture.nWithout overcrowding the pot, fry the breaded chicken until all the pieces are golden brown and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a clean kitchen cloth and season with flaked salt and freshly ground pepper.nLine a serving platter with a paper bag, brown parchment paper or a clean napkin. Pile the chicken onto the platter. Serve with the fried herbs and garlic and the lemon wedges., ingredients: [Two 3 to 3 12pound whole chickens, 2 bunches fresh rosemary, 2 bunches fresh sage, 2 bunches fresh thyme, 10 fresh bay leaves, 3 cloves plus 1 head garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons plus 13 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, Grapeseed oil, for deepfrying, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup rice flour, 12 cup garlic powder, 12 cup onion powder, 1 tablespoon flaked salt, such as Maldon, to finish, 4 lemons, cut into wedges, for serving], title: ExtraCrispy Fried Chicken, picturelink: 8HUH4rqQj6vMMlGZBm.ROzTGIaYASh2}, 30459: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler, peel 6 3inch long strips of lemon zest, taking care to not peel into the white pith. Squeeze 2 tablespoons of juice from the lemon into a small pot. Add the zest strips, sugar and water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool.nStrain into a serving pitcher and top with the grape juice and seltzer. Serve over ice with slices of lemon, if desired., ingredients: [1 lemon, plus slices, for optional garnish, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 2 12 cups black cherry grape juice, 2 12 cups cherryflavored seltzer water, from 1 liter bottle, Ice cubes], title: Sparkling Black Cherry Grape Spritzer, picturelink: null}, 30460: {instructions: Brush 1 tablespoon of the oil on the octopus reserving the rest, season with salt and pepper, and add to a pot with enough water to cover. Simmer until the octopus is cooked through, about 20 minutes.nRemove octopus to a utility plate to drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the octopus head and legs, split in half, then slice and dice small.nAdd the saffron to 12 cup warm water and let it sit for 10 minutes to allow it to bloom.nHeat the remaining grapeseed oil over medium high heat in a 16 inch paella pan. Brown the chorizo on all sides and remove to a utility platter. Brown the chicken pieces and remove to the same platter.nAdd the onion to the pan and saute until translucent, then add the garlic and gently cook until softened, monitoring to make sure it doesnt burn. Add the white wine and allow most of it to evaporate. Stir in the paprika, parsley, cup of bloomed saffron, and chicken stock, and bring to a gentle boil. Return the chorizo and chicken to the pan, and add the octopus. Stir in the rice, salt and pepper and reduce heat to medium. Cook uncovered without stirring for about 20 minutes, then add the mussels and cover. Let cook until the mussels open, about 7 minutes, then remove them to a utility platter. Add the shrimp to the pot, cover, and cook until they turn pink and opaque, about 5 minutes, then remove the shrimp to a utility platter.nServe in the pan and sprinkle with fresh cilantro. Arrange the shrimp and mussels on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 3 to 4pound octopus, beaked and headsac cleaned, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large pinch saffron, 12 cup warm water, 12 pound chorizo sausage, cut on the diagonal into 1inch pieces, 1 pound boneless chicken parts, preferably skin on, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large white onion, diced, 5 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 cups chicken stock, 3 cups white rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed and bearded, 12 pound 2125 size shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tails removed, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves], title: Paella Puerto Rico, picturelink: null}, 30461: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a 12inch nonstick saute pan over a high flame. Season the salmon fillets with salt and pepper. Add a small amount of oil to the pan and sear both sides of the salmon quickly, just a few seconds on each side, leaving the fish very rare. Remove the pan from the heat, and place the fish on a work surface. Wipe out the pan and reserve for later use.nSpread a 14inch layer of pesto evenly over 1 side of the fillet. Sprinkle the top of the pesto with a light, thin dusting of fresh bread crumbs. Carefully invert each fillet into the pan and place it over a medium flame. Toast the bread coating, adding tiny bits of butter to the pan that will melt into the salmon underneath. Once the bread is toasted after about 1 minute, place the pan in the oven for about 3 minutes, just to heat the fish through.nTo serve, mound 16 of the spinach in the center of a warm dinner plate. Invert 1 salmon fillet onto the spinach, crustside up, and ladle citrus soy sauce around the sides. Place 1 orange segment on top of 1 grapefruit segment in the sauce at 3 different points on the plate.nIn the bowl of a food processor place, pine nuts, garlic, salt, and pepper. Add the basil and process again. With the motor running, add the oil in a stream slowly, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add bread crumbs a little at a time, just enough to make pesto spreadable. Process and repeat until the pesto is the right consistency. Remove from food processor and set aside until ready to use.nIn a nonreactive saucepan, saute the ginger in 1 tablespoon olive oil for 1 minute over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and continue cooking for 1 minute longer. Deglaze the pan with white wine, champagne vinegar, soy sauce, fish sauce, and all 3 fruit juices. Reduce the liquid volume down to 1 cup. Add the chicken stock, bring it to a boil, and cook another 3 minutes. Strain, pushing on the solids to extract as much liquid as possible, and place the liquid into a blender or food processor. With the motor running on low, add the remaining olive oil in a slow stream until all the oil is incorporated.nWash spinach thoroughly and drain, leaving some of the water clinging to the leaves. In a 12inch saute pan over medium heat, saute the spinach in a small amount of olive oil until it is wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain excess moisture, season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven at 350 degrees.nPeel potatoes and slice thin in a crisscross cut on the zigzag part of the mandolin. Lay out the slices on a baking sheet. Brush with clarified butter and bake until crisp, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [6 6ounce salmon fillets, boneless and skinless, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, Pesto, recipe follows, 12 to 34 cup very fine bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 2 oranges and 2 grapefruits, peeled and segmented, Citrus Soy Sauce, recipe follows, Steamed Spinach Leaves, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 cups fresh basil, thoroughly washed and dried, 12 cup olive oil, 12 to 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup shallots, peeled and thinly sliced, 18 cup garlic, peeled and sliced, 1 cup dry white wine, 18 cup champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 cups grapefruit juice, 1 12 cups orange juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 cups chicken stock, reduced to 12 cup, 1 cup olive oil, 2 pounds loose spinach leaves, 2 large baking potatoes, like russets, Clarified Butter], title: Pestocrusted Salmon Fillet with CitrusSoy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30462: {instructions: In a blender, pulse lemonade, gelatin and sugar. Add ice to almost fill blender and continue to pulse until ice is crushed. Pour into glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 1.5ounce can frozen lemonade mix concentrate, 2 tablespoons packaged lemon gelatin mix, 1 tablespoon sugar, Ice], title: Lemon Ice, picturelink: null}, 30463: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over medium heat until hot.nDivide the shrimp evenly among 4 pieces of foil large enough to fold over and seal. Drizzle the shrimp with olive oil and season with the chipotle powder, salt and pepper. You can always add less chipotle powder depending on how spicy you want the shrimp. Top with the tomatoes, zucchini, potatoes and onion season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Wrap up the shrimp and vegetables tightly in the foil packets.nGrill the packets until the shrimp are cooked through and the vegetables are slightly tender, about 15 minutes. Serve in the foil packets and garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 12 pounds peeled and deveined shrimp, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for the vegetables, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for the vegetables, 2 cups quartered grape tomatoes, 2 cups diced zucchini, 1 cup smalldiced baby potatoes, 12 yellow onion, sliced, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled FoilPacket Chipotle Shrimp, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 30464: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 cups frozen or canned corn, thawed andor drained, 1 cup sliced red cabbage, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Corn and Red Cabbage Salad, picturelink: zaV3DtSRclU5O6F2B44CZuhS5O6NK}, 30465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to high.nIn a bowl add the mayonnaise, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, and roasted peppers. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix the ground turkey with ranch dressing mix, and salt and pepper, to taste. Form the meat into 4 patties and put on a platter lined with parchment paper. Season the burgers with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle both sides with olive oil .Grill the burgers for 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Top each burger with 2 slices of Cheddar and 1 slice of bacon. Grill for an additional minute or until the cheese melts. Remove from grill.nSpread the sweet pepper mayonnaise on each side of rolls and add the burgers. Serve with pickled jalapenos and enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 lemon juiced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 roasted red pepper, diced, 12 roasted yellow pepper, diced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 1 package ranch dressing mix, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 slices white Cheddar, 4 slices thick peppered bacon, cooked crisp, 4 rolls, 1 jar pickled jalapenos, drained], title: Grilled Turkey Burger with Sweet Pepper Mayo, picturelink: uTX7xOZx9w.JhHbEsA2.rOxz4wjVu}, 30466: {instructions: Melt a 14 cup of the butter in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot, celery, and tomato and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 12 minutes. Raise the heat to high. Add the shrimp shells and rice, and cook, stirring, until deep red in color, about 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until caramelized, about 2 minutes more. Remove the pot from the heat, pour in the 12 cup of the Cognac, return to a high heat and cook until almost dry, about 1 12 minutes.nTie the parsley sprigs, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen sting and add to the pot. Pour in the water and 1 12 tablespoons salt, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes.nRemove from the heat and allow to cool. Remove and discard the herb bundle. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth. Strain the puree through a fine sieve into a pot and discard the solids.nHeat the bisque over medium heat. Whisk in the remaining 14 cup butter, remaining 2 tablespoons Cognac, heavy cream, lemon juice, and cayenne into the soup and season with salt and pepper to taste. Divide among soup bowls, garnish with croutons, and serve immediately.nDifficulty: Easy, ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, divided, 1 Spanish onion, chopped about 2 cups, 1 medium carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 6 cups shrimp shells about 10 ounces, 12 cup basmati rice, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup, plus 2 tablespoons Cognac or brandy, 6 parsley sprigs, 6 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 9 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, plus as needed, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: Herbed croutons], title: Shrimp Bisque, picturelink: null}, 30467: {instructions: HEAT sweetened condensed milk, chocolate hazelnut spread and white baking chocolate in medium saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Remove from heat.nPOUR into medium bowl. Cover and chill 2 to 3 hours or until firm.nSHAPE into 36 1inch balls. Combine cinnamon sugar and chili powder in small bowl. Roll 1 dozen truffles in cinnamon mixture. Roll 1 dozen in toasted coconut. Roll remaining 1 dozen in chopped hazelnuts. Chill 1 hour or until firm.nTo toast coconut: Spread on a microwavesafe pan. Microwave on HIGH 1 to 2 minutes, tossing the coconut with a fork after each 30 second interval. Remove from pan immediately to avoid overbrowning., ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 14.1 oz. jar Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread, em, Truffles:, em, 4 oz. white baking chocolate, Coatings:, 1 12 tbsps. cinnamon sugar, 2 tsps. chili powder, 12 cup flaked coconut, toasted, 13 cup finely chopped hazelnuts], title: JIFandreg Chocolate Hazelnut Truffles, picturelink: tVBp1Uo0gVt.cpW.iM0apkuUbAAx7a}, 30468: {instructions: Line a heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix the flour, cocoa powder, sugar, orange peel, and salt in a food processor. Add the butter. Blend until clumps form. Add 2 tablespoons of ice water and blend. Add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead briefly to form a smooth dough. Gather the dough into a ball then divide the dough into 8 equal pieces. Flatten each piece into a disk.nPress 1 dough piece on the prepared baking sheet into a 4 12inch round. Spoon 1 generous tablespoon of the marmalade into the center of the round. Fold the dough border in to form a 3inch round and allow the center of the crostata to remain uncovered. Pleat loosely and pinch the dough to seal any cracks. Repeat with the remaining dough pieces and marmalade, spacing the crostatas evenly apart. Cover and refrigerate the crostatas until they are cold, at least 45 minutes and up to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the crostatas until the crusts are set, about 18 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes. Slide a metal spatula under the crusts to free the crostatas from the baking sheet. Garnish with the candied orange peel and serve warm.nUsing a vegetable peeler, cut the orange part of the peel from the stem end of the orange down to the navel end, forming long 34 to 1inchwide strips. Bring a heavy small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the peels and cook for 1 minute. Drain and then rinse the peels under cold water. Repeat cooking the peels in the saucepan with fresh boiling water and rinsing under cold water.nStir the sugar and 12 cup of fresh water in a heavy small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil. Add the orange peels and simmer over mediumlow heat until tender, about 15 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the peels to a sheet of parchment paper to dry slightly, about 1 hour.nLine a small baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir the chocolate in a small bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water until melted and smooth. Dip 1 12inches of each candied orange peel into the chocolate then place them on the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate until the chocolate is set, about 15 minutes.nYield: about 12 candied peelsnPrep Time: 20 minutesnCook Time: 35 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 1 hour, 15 minutes, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons 1 14sticks cold unsalted butter, Ice water, 1 12 cups marmalade or apricot preserves, Candied Orange Peel, recipe follows, 1 large navel orange, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Crostatas with Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 30469: {instructions: Zest the lemon. Cut 4 slices out of the middle of the lemon and reserve for garnish. Squeeze out the juice and set aside.nIn a small pan over mediumhigh heat, stir together the sugar with 12 cup water until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil, remove from the heat, and add the rosemary sprigs and lemon zest. Let cool to room temperature, strain into a clean jar, and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to 2 weeks.nFill 4 glasses with ice. Fill each glass threequarters of the way up with sparkling water. Add splash of lemon juice and 2 tablespoons of the flavored syrup. Top with ouzo or gin, if using. Garnish with a lemon slice and a small sprig of rosemary., ingredients: [1 lemon, 12 cup sugar, 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, plus more for garnish, 1 liter bottle sparkling water, 4 ounces ouzo or gin optional], title: Rosemary Lemon Spritzer, picturelink: y2YBJSosnIknWp4UCDb.i.JAeW7gVm}, 30470: {instructions: Pulse the cookies in a food processor to make coarse crumbs. Transfer all but 12 cup crumbs to a bowl. Pulse the remaining crumbs until fine add the 14 cup confectioners sugar and pulse. Transfer the fine crumbs to a separate bowl.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Sprinkle the red and butterscotch candies into a 7by10inch rectangle, alternating colors as shown.nBake the candies until completely melted, 10 to 15 minutes. Immediately run a knife through the yellow candy to swirl it into the red be carefulthe candy will be very hot. Let cool completely on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Wipe out the food processor no need to wash it. Add the butter, confectioners sugar, melted chocolate, cocoa powder, milk and vanilla and pulse until smooth.nTrim the long top and bottom edges of the pound cakes with a paring knife to make them rounded.nSpread the frosting over the pound cakes, making sure to cover the rounded undersides leave the ends exposed to resemble cut logs.nSprinkle the coarse cookie crumbs on a platter. Place 1 cake on the crumbs, then run a fork through the frosting to create the texture of bark. Rest the second cake at an angle on top repeat with the fork.nSift the fine cookie crumb mixture over the logs to look like ash.nSnap the candy sheet into differentsize shards press the shards into the lower cake to create the flames.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 12 cups confectioners sugar, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 14 cup unsweetened dark cocoa powder, 14 cup milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Campfire Cake, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 30471: {instructions: Dissolve the tamarind pulp in 1 cup warm water. Work the pulp into the water until it is dissolved and then strain the liquid through a fine sieve, discarding the pulp.nCombine the tamarind liquid with 6 cups of cold water, fish sauce, pineapple, and sugar in a large clay pot and bring to the boil. Add the fish pieces to the pot and return to the boil skimming and discarding any impurities as it cooks.nThen add the tomato, elephant ear stem, okra, and bean sprouts to the pot and return to the boil again.nGarnish with the rice paddy herb, sawtooth coriander, fried red Asian shallots, fried garlic, and chile.nServe with steamed jasmine rice or vermicelli noodles., ingredients: [2 ounces tamarind pulp, 6 cups cold water, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 12 ounces sliced pineapple, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 to 17 12ounce mud fish or silver perch, cut into 12inch thick cutlets, 2 tomatoes, sliced into wedges, 2 ounces elephant ear stems, peeled and sliced, 2 ounces fresh okra, sliced, 2 ounces bean sprouts, 1 bunch rice paddy herb, sliced, 1 bunch sawtooth coriander, sliced, 12 teaspoon fried sliced red Asian shallots, 12 teaspoon fried garlic chips, 1 chile, sliced, Steamed jasmine rice or vermicelli noodles, to serve], title: Tamarind Broth with Mud Fish and Elephant Ear Stems: Canh Chua Ca Loc, picturelink: null}, 30472: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nSeason salmon with salt and pepper. Brush lemon and herb seasoning all over both sides of salmon.nPlace salmon on prepared baking sheet. Arrange cauliflower on another baking sheet, spray with cooking spray and sprinkle with Parmesan. Roast 15 minutes, until fish is fork tender and cauliflower is golden brown and tender.nIn a medium bowl, combine tomatoes, basil and capers. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nServe 4 of the salmon fillets with tomato mixture spooned over top. Serve half of the rice and all of the cauliflower with this meal. Reserve extra salmon fillets and extra rice for other meals., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 6 wild salmon fillets, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon and herb seasoning, 4 cups cauliflower florets, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 1 cup chopped Roma plum tomatoes, 14 cup slivered basil leaves, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 4 cups instant brown rice, cooked according to package directions], title: Roasted Wild Salmon with Tomatoes, Basil, and Capers, ParmesanCrusted Cauliflower, and Rice, picturelink: WEB7vSuCNwRAKbdSIY5HswP7zUjMq}, 30473: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil and place in broiler.nIn small saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, combine cranberry juice concentrate, cherry preserves, and balsamic vinegar. Simmer until preserves melt, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, season each salmon fillet with 1 teaspoon citrus herb seasoning. Remove the baking sheet from broil and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Place fillets skin side down on baking sheet. Broil for 6 minutes. Spoon glaze over each fillet, top each with an orange slice and broil for another 2 minutes.nServe glazed salmon fillets hot garnished with almonds.nIn a medium saucepan, heat chicken stock over mediumhigh heat to a simmer. Add, rice, salt, pepper and saffron.nBring to a boil. Stir in cherries. Cover and turn heat to low. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes until liquid is absorbed.nFluff with fork to distribute saffron and cherries. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup cranberry juice concentrate, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons cherry preserves, 4 salmon fillets, approximately 6 ounces each, 1 teaspoon saltfree citrus herb seasoning recommended: Spice Islands, Orange slices, Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock recommended: Swansons, 2 cups instant rice recommended: Uncle Bens, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch pepper, 1 pinch saffron threads, 3 tablespoons dried cherries], title: Glazed Salmon with Dried Cherry Saffron Rice, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 30474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace garlic, chile, soy sauce, lime juice, honey, and oil in a mini food processor and process until smooth. Place beef in a small baking dish, pour the marinade over, and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh. Remove the beef from the marinade and season it with salt and pepper. Grill meat until charred and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from grill and let rest 10 minutes before slicing into 14inch thick slices.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the shallot, chiles, mint, vinegar, sugar, and fish sauce. Set aside. In another bowl, toss the lettuce leaves and watercress together and then arrange the mixture on a platter.nCombine the papaya and carrots in a medium bowl. Evenly distribute the papaya mixture over the lettuce. Drizzle with a few tablespoons of the dressing. Arrange the steak on top and drizzle steak with some more dressing. Garnish with chopped peanuts and cilantro., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 Thai bird chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 to 3 tablespoons honey, 14 cup peanut oil, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Papaya Dressing, recipe follows, 1 shallot, peeled and finely chopped, 2 Thai bird chiles, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 8 large red romaine lettuce leaves, cut into strips, 1 bunch watercress, 1 large green papaya, peeled and thinly shredded, 2 carrots, peeled and thinly shredded, 14 cup chopped roasted peanuts, for garnish, Chopped cilantro, for garnish], title: Grilled Steak and Papaya Salad, picturelink: 06lDIy7xRrBZ52d86BvX0LAZXVLuBW}, 30475: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPour BBQ Sauce on the crust, spreading out evenly to the edges of the crust. Scatter half of the cheese, pineapple, bacon and onions and then top with remaining cheese.nBake in oven for 10 to15 minutes or until cheese is bubbly or brown. Garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [Premade pizza crust, 2 ounces BBQ sauce, 12 cup mozzarella cheese, 8 fresh pineapple chunks, sliced in half, 3 pieces cooked bacon, crushed, 4 red onions, sliced, 14 cup mozzarella cheese, Fresh basil, chiffonade, for garnish], title: Kailua Beach Pizza, picturelink: null}, 30476: {instructions: Add the tea to a 1quart container with a sealable lid. Pour the vodka in to cover. Cover, and shake gently well to combine. Set aside, shaking gently periodically.nYour infusion should take no more than 10 hours, but possibly less depending on the intensity of flavorings and tannins in your tea. Start tasting within a few hours, and when it reaches a level you like, its ready.nMeanwhile, make a syrup by combining 1 cup each honey or sugar and water in a medium saucepan. Heat over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar if using is dissolved, and the mixture is well combined and transparent. Remove from heat and cool completely. Sugar elevates the intrinsic flavors of the tea, whereas honey brings its own character.nStrain the infusion through a coffee filter. Discard the filter and leaves.nCombine the strained infusion and syrup, and stir or shake to blend. Keep in a sealed glass container until ready to serve. Chill if desired, or serve at room temperature.nAs this recipe makes about 5 cups, it also makes a nice gift. Simply pour into attractive bottles, and send your guests home with a little sip to enjoy later., ingredients: [6 tablespoons loose tea, such as chai tea with a rooibos base, genmai cha, Earl Grey or jasmine green tea, 1 750 ml bottle of vodka, 1 cup honey or sugar], title: Tea Liqueur, picturelink: null}, 30477: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the caramel, heat 1 12 cups of the sugar and 12 cup water in a small, heavybottomed saucepan until the sugar dissolves. Cook over medium heat until the syrup turns a warm caramel color. Dont stir, just swirl it in the pan. Off the heat, add 12 cup water and 12 teaspoon of the vanilla be careful, the syrup will bubble violently. Stir and cook over high heat until the caramel reaches 230 degrees F thread stage on a candy thermometer. Set aside.nFor the praline, combine the almonds with 14 cup of the caramel and spread them on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the almonds are lightly browned. Allow to cool at room temperature and then break up in pieces.nLower the oven to 250 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nFor the meringues, beat the egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on medium speed until frothy. Turn the mixer on high speed and add the remaining 1 cup of sugar. Beat until the egg whites are very stiff and glossy. Whisk in the remaining teaspoon of vanilla. With dessert spoons place 12 mounds of meringue on the parchment paper and bake for 20 minutes, or until a cake tester comes out clean.nFor serving, pour creme anglaise on the bottom of individual plates. Place a meringue on top of each serving, drizzle with caramel sauce, sprinkle with praline, and serve.nTo make a day or two ahead, leave the caramel and praline at room temperaturenand refrigerate the creme anglaise. Bake the meringues before guests arrive and assemble the desserts just before serving.nCreme Anglaise:n4 extralarge egg yolksn12 cup sugarn1 teaspoon cornstarchn1 34 cups scalded milkn1 teaspoon pure vanilla extractn1 12 teaspoons CognacnSeeds of 12 vanilla bean, optionalnBeat the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed for 3 minutes, or until very thick. Reduce to low speed, and add the cornstarch.nWith the mixer still on low, slowly pour the hot milk into the eggs. Pour the custard mixture into a saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thickened. The custard will coat the spoon like heavy cream. Dont cook it above 180 degrees F or the eggs will scramblenPour the sauce through a fine strainer, add the vanilla extract, Cognac, and vanilla seeds, if using, and chill.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 12 cups sugar, divided, 1 cup water, divided, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, divided, 1 12 cups 5 ounces sliced almonds, 8 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Creme Anglaise, recipe follows], title: Ile Flottante, picturelink: OAUMK8SRU12EyZSzAzGRXwzuOy.5Lju}, 30478: {instructions: Make yogurt sauce: Drain yogurt in a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel set over a bowl 30 minutes. Transfer drained yogurt to a small bowl and stir in garlic paste and mint.nMake burgers: Prepare grill. Handling lamb as gently as possible, in a bowl combine lamb with feta and olives and form into six 1inchthick patties. Season burgers lightly with salt and pepper to taste and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 7 minutes on each side for mediumrare.nTransfer burgers to pita pockets and top with tomatoes, bell peppers and onion. Serve burgers with yogurt sauce., ingredients: [1 12ounce container plain yogurt, 2 small garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons shredded fresh mint leaves, or to taste, 2 pounds ground lamb, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup finely chopped pitted Kalamata olives 12 to 15, 6 small pita loaves, each split halfway around edge to form a pocket, 2 small vineripened tomatoes, sliced, 2 small green bell peppers, cut into rings, 1 red onion, sliced thin], title: GreekStyle Lamb Burgers with Minted Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30479: {instructions: Heat the butter in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook until well browned, stirring often.nStir the soup, pesto sauce and milk in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Stir in the pasta and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into cubes, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 12 cup pesto sauce, 12 cup milk, 12 of a 1pound package farfalle pasta about 3 cups, cooked and drained], title: Creamy Pesto Chicken and Bow Ties, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 30480: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. In a large flame and ovenproof casserole dish, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the cabbage and ginger, and stirring frequently, cook until the cabbage is just wilted, about 1 to 2 minutes. Season the cabbage mixture with the sea salt, add the rice wine, and stir to combine. Add the rice and toss to coat it in the oil. Pour in the water and bring everything to a boil, then cover the dish and slide it into the oven for 20 minutes.nWhen the rice is tender, remove the dish from the oven and fold in the peas. Cover the dish again, and set the rice aside to steam for another 10 minutes.nTo serve: fluff the rice with a fork or chopsticks, and sprinkle with the cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 head about 1 to 1 14 pounds Chinese cabbage, cut into 12inch thick slices, 1 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and julienned, Sea salt, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine, 1 cup shortgrain rice, rinsed, 4 cups cold water, 1 cup frozen baby peas, thawed, 1 small handful fresh cilantro leaves], title: Baked Chinese Rice with Peas and Ginger, picturelink: null}, 30481: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 9by5by3inch loaf pan with glutenfree cooking spray. Line the pan with an overhanging piece of parchment paper to easily remove the bars.nIn a large bowl, toss together the oats, rice cereal, almonds, cashews, pretzel sticks and salt.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over low heat, stir together the maple syrup and almond butter until smooth. Add to the oat mixture and toss to evenly coat. Transfer the oat mixture to the prepared pan and, using a greased piece of parchment paper, press down firmly to spread evenly.nBake until just firm, about 12 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack.nReduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and place a wire rack on top. Remove the oat bar from the pan and cut evenly into 6 bars. Place the bars, gooeyside up, on the wire rack. Bake until almost dry to the touch, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [Glutenfree cooking spray, 1 cup glutenfree oldfashioned oats, 1 cup glutenfree brown rice cereal, 12 cup chopped raw almonds, 12 cup chopped raw cashews, 12 cup glutenfree pretzel sticks, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 13 cup creamy almond butter, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Almond Pretzel Snack Bars, picturelink: fwbjeZUSx.TDuh21zTxM7FbBF69dbq}, 30482: {instructions: Char the peppers over a gas flame or under a broiler and then scrape off the blackened skin do not wash. Remove and discard the seeds and stems and cut into large dice and set aside. Grill or roast the onion, serrano chile and tomatillos until lightly colored and chop coarsely. Remove core and seeds from tomatoes and cut into small dice. Arrange half the sliced cheese in the bottom of 4 individual earthenware dishes and scatter all of the vegetables over the top. Sprinkle half the cilantro over this and season to taste with salt and pepper. Place remaining cheese over all and top with remaining cilantro. This can all be done up to a day ahead and refrigerated until ready to serve.nTo serve: place the filled dishes in a hot 425 degree oven for 6 to 8 minutes or until cheese is nicely melted and just beginning to color. Top with a tablespoon or two of the black bean salsa and garnish with the avocado and cilantro sprigs. Serve immediately with crisp tortilla chips if desired.nBlanch the bell peppers in lightly salted boiling water for 5 seconds. Plunge into cold water to stop cooking and drain. Combine with rest of ingredients and refrigerate. Can be stored refrigerated and covered for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 medium poblano peppers, 1 large red bell pepper, 1 medium red onion, peeled and quartered, 1 or 2 serrano chiles, stemmed and seeded, 4 tomatillos, husks removed and cut in half, 2 medium size ripe roma tomatoes, 8 ounces Bellwether Carmody or other flavorful melting cheese, sliced thinly, 14 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, Black Bean Salsa recipe follows, 14 cup each finely diced red, yellow and green bell pepper, 1 12 cups cooked black beans, 12 cup finely diced onion, 2 teaspoons minced jalapeno or to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 13 cup chopped roma tomato, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Drops of honey, salt and pepper to taste], title: Fundido, picturelink: null}, 30483: {instructions: Make the dough: Warm the milk in a small saucepan over low heat until 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F. Transfer to a small bowl stir in the yeast and granulated sugar. Set aside until foamy, 7 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer.nAdd the yeast mixture, eggs and vanilla to the stand mixer. Mix on medium speed with the dough hook until a shaggy ball of dough forms, 1 to 2 minutes. Mix in the butter, 1 piece at a time. Continue to knead the dough with the mixer, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl occasionally with a rubber spatula, until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. Lightly coat a large bowl with cooking spray and transfer the dough to the bowl, turning to coat. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nMake the filling: Combine 34 cup milk, the granulated sugar, espresso powder and salt in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the milk is steaming. Whisk the remaining 14 cup milk with the egg yolks and cornstarch in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk the warm milk mixture into the egg mixture, then pour the mixture into the saucepan. Bring to a simmer, whisking constantly, until very thick, about 3 minutes. Strain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, pushing it through with a rubber spatula. Stir in the butter and vanilla until smooth. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the custard and refrigerate 30 minutes.nPut the mascarpone in a medium bowl. Whisk in the chilled custard, one large spoonful at a time, until smooth. Transfer to a piping bag fitted with a 14inch round tip. Refrigerate until ready to use.nLightly flour 2 baking sheets. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently pat until 12 inch thick. Cut out about 32 rounds using a 1 12inch cutter arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets and lightly coat the tops with cooking spray. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until puffy, about 1 hour.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 340 degrees F. Meanwhile, make the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, Marsala and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl, thinning with more Marsala as needed. Cover and set aside.nWorking in batches, fry the bomboloni 30 seconds, then flip and continue frying, flipping occasionally, until browned, about 2 more minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined baking sheet to drain. Let cool.nInsert a chopstick or skewer into the side of each bomboloni and wiggle to form a small pocket. Pipe in the filling and dust the tops with cocoa powder. Drizzle with the glaze.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 1 14ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, Cooking spray, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup whole milk, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup mascarpone cheese about 4 ounces, at room temperature, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup dry Marsala wine, plus more if needed, Pinch of kosher salt, Cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Tiramisu Bomboloni, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 30484: {instructions: Before you begin this recipe, please take a class from a professional on working with sugar. This is a skill that professional pastry chefs develop after years of experience. Working with sugar will burn your fingers so know before you start that your fingers will develop burn blisters. Place the sugar, vinegar and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean. Pour the cooked sugar onto 3 or 4 silicone baking mats. If you want to color andor flavor the sugar with food colors andor flavored oils, this is the time to do so. Add a few drops of color to the sugar. Mix with a wooden skewer. To get started, push the sugar from the sides toward the center. This process takes a little while. Try to keep the sugar divided by color. Use the mat to push the firm sugar around the edges toward the center. Use a folding motion to accomplish that task. The next step is to pick up the sugar with your hands. Place each color under the heat of the sugar lamp. Pull the sugar until it becomes glossy and the color is evenly distributed. You will need to pull the colors simultaneously. Keep them under the sugar lamp but keep an eye on them. The lamp can melt the sugar so it is important keep rotating it and folding it onto itself.nStart with 2 pieces of colored sugar. I used red and green. Pull them into a rectangular shape that is about 1 12inches wide by 3inches long and 12inch thick. Place the pieces sidetoside and let them stick together on the long side. Place a piece of white sugar that is about 12inch wide by 3inches long and 12inch thick in the middle. Close the red and green around it. Roll it and twist it while pulling it. When it gets to the desired thickness, use a scissor to cut the length and shape into a cane. Allow to cool completely. The white is inside and will become apparent when eaten.nJacques tips: Vinegar keeps the sugar from crystallizing. You will not taste the flavor. It serves as an acid in this recipe. Sometimes candy cane recipes contain corn syrup, which makes the sugar very dry and very hot. Adding corn syrup makes it more difficult to work with the sugar at home. Remember, the sugar is at 320 degrees F, and that will burn you. The ideal work surface is a silpat placed over cool marble or granite. If you do not have marble or stone, use wood. It is a good idea to use gloves to help protect your hands from the heat and to prevent burning.nI use a special sugar box that includes a special heat source, If you dont have one, you can work in front of the oven. Set the oven to 300 degrees F. Open the oven door and place the silpat on the oven door. It provides a similar effect to the sugar box heater., ingredients: [Scant 5 cups sugar 1 kilo, 3 tablespoons vinegar 40 grams, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons water 250 grams, Essential oils  assorted flavors, Food color paste  assorted colors], title: Candy Canes, picturelink: null}, 30485: {instructions: Combine the butter, sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. Mix on low speed until mostly incorporated. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until smooth. Adjust the consistency with milk as desired. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days. Allow to come to room temperature and mix on mediumhigh until smooth., ingredients: [2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar 1pound box, Pinch fine salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk], title: Vanilla American Buttercream, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 30486: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, capers and Dijon mustard in a large bowl. While continuing to whisk, drizzle in the olive oil in a steady stream. Whisk in 14 teaspoon salt. Add the beans to the dressing and mash gently with a spoon. Add the tuna, flaking it with a fork into bitesize pieces. Toss lightly to coat. Top the tuna mixture with the arugula, treviso, endive, shaved fennel, parsley leaves and 12 teaspoon salt. Using your hands, toss the salad together, bringing the dressing up from the bottom of the bowl until everything is coated evenly., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lemon juice, from 1 large lemon, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, One 6.35ounce jar olive oilpacked tuna, drained, 2 cups baby arugula, 2 small treviso, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 Belgian endive, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 small bulb fennel, shaved on a mandoline or sliced thinly with a knife, 12 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Italian Tuna Salad, picturelink: 8j.vb0lzM16n68BTJoHKURlCkag0NyG}, 30487: {instructions: For the Thai Paste: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the cashews on a baking tray and roast until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool.nIn a small pan, cook the ginger in the plum wine until the wine evaporates. With a mortar and pestle or in a blender, puree all of the Thai Paste ingredients. Reserve.nFor the Salad: In a medium bowl, combine the papaya, onion, cilantro, and jalapeno. In a small bowl, whisk together the lime juice, vinegar, and honey. At serving time, toss the dressing with the salad and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRaise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Season the pork medallions with salt and pepper and flatten slightly with a cleaver or a heavy plate. In an ovenproof skillet, heat the peanut oil. Over high heat, brown both sides of the medallions. Transfer to the oven and roast until medium rare, about 15 minutes. Remove the medallions to a plate and keep warm.nPour the grease from the skillet and deglaze the pan with port. Pour in the stock and cook over high heat until the sauce thickens slightly. Whisk in 14 cup of the Thai paste and season, to taste, with salt, pepper, and lime juice. Keep warm.nCut each medallion into slices. Pour a little sauce into the center of 4 warmed plates and arrange slices of the pork on 1 side of the sauce. Mound a little salad in each radicchio leaf, set alongside the slices of pork, and garnish with a few cilantro leaves., ingredients: [4 ounces 34 cup unsalted raw cashews, 1ounce peeled, fresh ginger, 12 cup plum wine, 14 cup peanut oil, 12 cup sliced green onions, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 6 garlic cloves, 1 chile pepper, jalapeno or red serrano, cored, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons turmeric, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 or 2 papayas or mangoes 12 ounces each, peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 red onion, diced, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 14 jalapeno pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped fine, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 4 radicchio leaves, 1 12 pounds pork loin, cut into 4 6ounce medallions, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 12 cup port, 1 cup veal stock, Lime juice], title: Pork Loin with Thai Sauce and Papaya Salad, picturelink: null}, 30488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small bowl combine the strawberries with 1 tablespoon of sugar. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the baking mix and 14 cup sugar. Stir in the milk and butter, then fold in the chocolate chips. Pat the dough out on a floured surface, cut into 8 triangles, and arrange on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nAdd the chopped basil to the strawberries and toss to combine.nWith an electric hand mixer, whip the cream in a medium bowl, with the remaining sugar and the vanilla. Slice the shortcakes in half. Put the bottom halves of each shortcake on serving plates and spoon some strawberries over each half. Dollop each with whipped cream and cover with the shortcake tops. Garnish with a bit more whipped cream and a strawberry slice before serving., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, hulled and sliced, reserve a few for garnish, 14 cup sugar, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 12 cups baking mix, 13 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: White Chocolate Chip Shortcake with Basil Strawberries, picturelink: y3OBH89Unmi8B0lWhrWfRbETNuLTJYm}, 30489: {instructions: Dice the romaine into bite sized pieces, place in large salad bowl and set aside. In a medium nonstick pan heat the olive oil. Add the avocado and saute for 5 minutes. Remove the avocado with a slotted spoon and set aside in a bowl. Pour out all but 2 tablespoons of avocado oil into a small bowl, and reserve.nAdd the minced shallot to the skillet and return to medium heat. Cook, stirring until shallots begin to soften about 30 seconds. Add the shrimp, salt and pepper and jalapenos or cayenne, if using, and saute until shrimp are cooked through 34 minutes.nRemove from heat and spoon the shrimp into the bowl with the Avocado pieces. Add the chives and cilantro and fold together gently, just to combine the ingredients. With a rubber spatula, scrape any remaining oil in the skillet into the bowl with the reserved avocado oil. Whisk in the lime juice and salt and pepper to taste to make a dressing. Toss some of the dressing with the romaine until the lettuce is nicely coated, divide among serving plates. Top the lettuce with hot shrimp mixture, drizzle with additional dressing, garnish with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large frozen shrimp, thawed, shelled and deveined, 1 head romaine lettuce, washed and drained, 2 Tbsp. chopped fresh chives, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon chopped jalapenos or a pinch cayenne, optional, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 small shallot, minced, 1 small ripe Haas avocado, peeled, pitted and cubed just before cooking, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Shrimp and Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 30490: {instructions: For the dressing:nPlace vinegar, egg yolks, lemon juice, Dijon, garlic, Worcestershire, hot red pepper sauce, and anchovy fillets in a blender with a lid attachment. Blend on high speed. Slowly incorporate the olive oil while blending. Add the Parmesan and pulse lightly. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread cubed bread out on a sheet pan and toast in the oven until they are crisp and an even pale brown. Place the olive oil in a small pot or saute pan over medium heat and add the crushed garlic. Allow the garlic to lightly brown, then remove the crushed cloves with a spoon. Remove the oil from the heat. Toss the croutons in the garlic oil and then in the grated Parmesan.nWash and dry the romaine. Break small leaves into crosswise halves or thirds. Separate large leaves from their central rib and discard the tough rib. Tear the leaves into medium sized pieces.nIn a large bowl, toss together the lettuce leaves and dressing. Add the grated Parmesan and the croutons. Finish the salad with fresh ground black pepper., ingredients: [4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 egg yolks See Disclaimer, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup lemon juice, 6 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, 1 tablespoon hot red pepper sauce, 6 anchovy fillets, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup Parmesan, 4 cups cubed French or white bread, 12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 3 or 4 heads fresh young romaine 1 12 to 2 pounds, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Caesars Palace Salad, picturelink: null}, 30491: {instructions: Put 2 cups sugar, milk, and butter in heavy saucepan over medium heat. Cook to softball stage, 234 degrees F. When almost ready, caramelize the remaining 1 cup sugar in another heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium heat, stirring often, so sugar does not get too dark. As soon as sugar granules are totally dissolved, turn off heat and carefully add a few spoonfuls of candy mixture to caramelized sugar liquid, stirring constantly and thoroughly. Pour all back into saucepan of candy and mix quickly with wire whip or cooking spoon. Remove from heat. Add vanilla and continue beating candy for 10 to 15 minutes or as long as it takes for candy to lose its sheen and begin to thicken. Quickly stir in pecans and, using 2 soupspoons, scoop small mounds onto papered cookie sheets. Let set. Store in covered tins.nIf candy gets too hard before it is all scooped, place in safe container and warm in microwave until of good consistency to finish scooping., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, plus 1 cup, 1 cup evaporated milk, 14 pound butter do not substitute, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 to 4 cups pecan halves, toasted], title: Pralines, picturelink: null}, 30492: {instructions: Heat oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan which should be large enough to accommodate the mushrooms, wine and beef.nSeason beef with salt, pepper, and paprika, and set aside briefly.nTo the heated pan, add white onion and garlic and saute until the onion becomes translucent. Add the mushrooms and saute until they give up their juices.nAdd the beef strips to the pan, pour red wine, pouring over the meat, and allow the wine to reduce by half. Add beef stock and return to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and allow meat to braise until it is fork tender, about 25 minutes.nBring a pot of water to a boil for the noodles.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove meat and mushrooms from pan, cover and keep in a warm place. Allow liquids to reduce and thicken with the pan uncovered.nWhile the beef stock is reducing, boil the egg noodles until al dente.nRemove sauce from heat and whisk in sour cream and horseradish which will add stroganoff flavor and stabilize the sauce. Return meat and mushrooms to sauce.nDrain egg noodles well and spoon stroganoff over. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 to 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, as needed to sear steaks, 1 2 to 3pound beef bottom round roast, julienned, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 large white onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and minced, 2 cups about 6 ounces white mushrooms, cleaned trimmed, and sliced, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup beef stock, 1 pound egg noodles, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Big Top Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 30493: {instructions: Combine the water and sugar in a small saucepan and bring it to a simmer over a medium flame. Stir until all the sugar is dissolved. Allow the syrup to cool, then chill it for at least 1 hour.nCombine the syrup with the grapefruit juice, 1 teaspoon of grenadine, 4 tablespoons of lemon juice, and the Pernod. Taste. Now add more lemon juice if neededu2014this will depend on the acidity of all the fruit. Remember, this sorbet should not be too sweet. Add more grenadine if you want it to be pinker.nChill the mixture for 2 hours, then freeze it in an ice cream maker, according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [1 13 cups water, 1 13 cups sugar, 2 12 cups strained fresh pink grapefruit juice, 1 to 2 teaspoons grenadine, 4 to 6 tablespoons strained fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Pernod], title: Pink Grapefruit Sorbet, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 30494: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRoll out the puff pastry on a lightly floured work surface to make a 12inch square. Using a chefs knife or pizza cutter, cut into four equal squares. Brush two edges of each square with egg wash.nStir the chocolate chips into the chocolatehazelnut spread, then divide among the squares, landing it in the centers. Fold the pastry over to make triangles, and press the edges to seal. Brush the tops of turnovers with more egg wash.nTransfer the turnovers to the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the pastry is golden brown and the chocolate has melted, about 15 minutes. Cool on a baking rack for 10 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions, Allpurpose flour, for dusting counter, 1 cup semisweet mini chocolate chips, 12 cup goodquality chocolatehazelnut spread, 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water], title: ChocolateHazelnut Turnovers, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 30495: {instructions: Make the onions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add the onions and stir to coat. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the onions are golden, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the bourbon, scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Return to low heat, add the butter and cook until melted. Add the sugar, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook until there is very little liquid left.nMeanwhile, make the aioli: Pulse all of the ingredients in a food processor until combined. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the sliders: Preheat a grill to medium high. Form the beef into twelve 4ounce patties, about 12 inch thick. Oil the grill rack, then add the patties and season with the garlic salt, and sea salt and pepper to taste. Grill until browned and cooked halfway through, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip, top with some of the caramelized onions and cook 3 more minutes for medium or to desired doneness.nMeanwhile, brush the insides of the buns with butter and toast on the grill, about 1 minute. Brush the insides of the bun tops with about 1 tablespoon aioli. Put the burgers on the bun bottoms and cover with the tops. Thread each lime wedge onto a skewer pierce the skewers through the sliders., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 jumbo sweet onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon tequila, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons pickled jalapenos, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 pounds ground kobe beef, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 mini burger buns, Unsalted butter, softened, for brushing, 12 lime wedges], title: Kobe Sliders, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 30496: {instructions: Place creme de menthe, creme de cacao, and ice cream into a blender. Blend until thick and creamy.nPour into a 12ounce glass. Garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 shot green creme de menthe, 1 shot white creme de cacao, 2 scoops vanilla ice cream, Fresh mint sprig, for garnish], title: Grasshopper Ice Cream Cocktail, picturelink: As9.dD.QpCO0tVvCl0FF2NtVyoS}, 30497: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Cook the butter until browned and nutty, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the almonds and toast, tossing frequently for about 1 minute. Stir in the garlic and jalapeno, then add the green beans and toss until warmed through. Season the beans with salt and pepper, to taste, and a dash of fresh lemon juice. Transfer to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup slivered almonds, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 red jalapeno, sliced into half moons, 34 pound green beans, snipped and blanched, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash fresh lemon juice], title: Spicy String Beans with Toasted Almonds, picturelink: null}, 30498: {instructions: Coat fish fillets with seasoned flour. In a large frying pan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add fish and fry on both sides until crispy and brown. You will probably have to fry fish in 2 batches. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain.nIn the same pan, melt butter. Add vegetables and saute over medium heat for about 15 minutes or until forktender. Meanwhile, heat whipping cream and basil in a small saute pan until thickened.nTo serve, place vegetables on plate, top with fish, and drizzle with basil cream., ingredients: [6 walleye fillets, 1 12 cups flour, seasoned with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper, as spicy as you like, 13 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 bag frozen baby shoepeg corn, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 orange bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil, or basil pesto, drained], title: Spicy Walleye with Vegetables and Basil Cream, picturelink: null}, 30499: {instructions: Serving suggestion: Steamed jasmine rice.nIn a mixing bowl, combine 1 tablespoon garlic, shallot, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, fish sauce, and oyster sauce. Mix well, then add the pork ribs and stir to coat well. Set aside to marinate for 20 minutes. Pour the oil into a wok and heat to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C, or until a cube of bread dropped into the oil browns in 15 seconds. Add the undrained pork in batches and deepfry over medium heat for 3 minutes, or until brown. Remove the pork and drain on a kitchen paperlined tray. Put the coconut water in a saucepan and bring to the boil. Add the pork ribs and simmer for 5 minutes, then increase the heat and cook for a further 3 minutes, or until the coconut water has reduced to a quarter of its original amount. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon garlic, onion, and a pinch black pepper. Stir constantly for 5 minutes, then turn off the heat. Transfer the ribs to a serving platter and garnish with coriander cilantro. Serve with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, minced 2 tablespoons, 1 red Asian shallot, diced, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 10 12 ounces 300 g pork spare ribs, cut into 34inch by 1 14inch 2 cm by 3 cm pieces, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 1 cup 250 ml young coconut water, 1 onion, sliced into segments, 2 fresh coriander cilantro sprigs], title: Pork Ribs Braised In Young Coconut Juice: Suon Ram Man, picturelink: null}, 30500: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and chill. Prepare at least two hours prior to serving.nUsing a knife, remove stem from red tomatoes and mark an X on the other end of tomato. Place in boiling water for 30 seconds and remove. Immediately place in ice water. Drain and peel skin off. Cut tomato in half crosswise and squeeze out all seeds and pulp. Line the bottom of an aluminum pan with dry wood chips. Place tomatoes on a glazing rack and insert on pan. Cover with aluminum foil and place over high heat on stove top. Allow tomatoes to heavy smoke 3 to 4 minutes. Remove rack and allow tomatoes to cool. Chop tomatoes and add to soup., ingredients: [16 ounces tomato juice, 8 ounces V8 juice, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, 12 onion, diced, 4 tomatoes, peeled, diced, deseeded hot pan smoked, 1 clove garlic, finely diced, 1 lemon, Cayenne, to taste, Hot pepper sauce, to taste, Salt, white and black pepper, to taste, Worcestershire sauce, to taste], title: Smoked Tomato Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 30501: {instructions: Reserve 1 12 cups of the fresh berries to fill the sherbet receptacles at serving time. Put the 1 12 pounds of fresh or defrosted frozen berries in the bowl of a food processor with the preserves, and process until liquefied, or push through a food mill fitted with the fine screen. Strain through a sieve to remove any remaining seeds. You should have about 3 12 cups of raspberry coulis or puree. Reserve 1 12 cups for the sauce, and add the brandy to this sauce. Refrigerate until serving time. Add the lemon juice and water to the remaining 2 cups to be used for the sherbet, and freeze, covered with plastic wrap, in a stainlesssteel bowl for about 3 hours, until frozen but not too hard.nBreak the frozen sherbet into pieces with a spoon, and dump them into the bowl of a food processor. Emulsify in several batches or all together until the sherbet becomes creamy and lighter in color. It should not be processed much more than 30 seconds by then, it will have liquefied a little. Return the puree to the stainlesssteel bowl, cover, and put back in the freezer for a few hours.nTo make the sherbet receptacles, line six 1cup glass bowls with plastic wrap, and spoon a sizable scoop of sherbet inside each.nWith a spoon, press on the center of each scoop to hollow it out, and push the sherbet up around the sides of the cup to create a nest in the center. Fold the plasticwrap edges over the sherbet, and place in the freezer for a few hours, until hard. This can be done several days ahead.nTo serve: Remove the frozen sherbet receptacles from the freezer, and pull back the plastic wrap to expose the center. Fill each with about 14 cup fresh raspberries.nInvert the sherbet cups carefully in the center of six dessert plates, and remove the plastic wrap. Pour the raspberry sauce around the cups, decorate with lemon peel, mint, or edible flowers, and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh raspberries, or 1 12 pounds frozen unsweetened raspberries 2 packages, 34 pound each and 1 12 cups fresh raspberries, 2 cups seedless red or blackraspberry preserves, 2 tablespoons raspberry brandy, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup water, Mint, edible flowers, or lemon peel, for decoration, Chantilly sweetened whipped cream, as an accompaniment], title: Raspberry Sherbet with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 30502: {instructions: Pound the chicken breasts to even thickness with a meat mallet to cook evenly. Season both sides of the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Sprinkle southwest seasoning on both sides of chicken. Lightly coat with olive oil. Grill chicken over coals with mesquite or hickory chips added. In metal tray if using a gas grill. Rotate chicken a quarter turn after a few minutes to add grill marks. Turn chicken over after about 5 to 7 minutes and grill the other side the same way. When chicken is done moist and tender take off the grill and let rest.nBring a large pot of slightly salted water to a boil for the pasta. Add pasta and cook until it is al dente. Keep cooked pasta covered and warm in a slight bit of its water. In a small, ungreased frying pan, toast pine nuts until they are golden brown. Key  Do NOT burn the pine nuts or the entire dish will taste bitter. Cut the outer covering rind off the brie. Throw away the rind and set the cheese aside. Heat a large frying pan to mediumhigh heat and add all of the olive oil. After 30 seconds or so add the tomato, garlic, parsleycilantro and basil. Let this saute for about 1 minute. Key  have all of the ingredients ready and next to the stove because this sauce works fast Add the brie and toasted pine nuts. Toss or slowly stir over low heat for two minutes or until the cheese is completely incorporated into the sauce. You should have a medium thick sauce with a beautifully rich pink color with splashes of green. Drain the remaining water off the pasta in a colander. Place a nice portion of pasta on a decorative plate. Chop the chicken breasts on a bias and place on top of the pasta. Ladle a fair amount of the brie sauce over the chicken and pasta., ingredients: [4 or 5 boneless chicken breasts, Kosher salt, Fresh ground black pepper, Southwest seasoning chili powder, Mexican oregano, garlic powder, ground chipotles smoked jalepenos, paprika, ground cumin and ground coriander, Olive oil, to coat, 2 12 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 pound multicolored farfalle pasta, 12 ounces triple cream brie cheese, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 cups handchopped ripe Roma tomatoes, 3 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons handchopped Italian parsley or cilantro, 6 large fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped], title: Farfalle Del Mondo, picturelink: null}, 30503: {instructions: Prepare the rice noodles as the label directs.nMeanwhile, place a large pot over high heat. Poke the meat all over with a fork to tenderize it and season with salt and pepper. Sear the meat until charred but still rare, 2 to 3 minutes per side, then transfer to a plate. Add the onion and ginger to the pot cook about 4 minutes. Add the broth, 3 cups water, the star anise and cinnamon, reduce the heat and simmer about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, thinly slice the scallions and jalapenos remove seeds for less heat and tear the cilantro. Thinly slice the meat against the grain. Drain the noodles.nAdd the fish sauce to the broth and boil 5 minutes. Discard the ginger, star anise and cinnamon stick. Remove and slice the onion. Divide the noodles among 4 bowls top with the broth, beef, scallions, cilantro, bean sprouts, jalapenos and onion.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [8 ounces rice noodles, 12 ounces lean beef sirloin, fat trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large onion, halved, 1 4inch piece ginger, unpeeled, halved, 3 cups lowsodium beef broth, 5 star anise pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 scallions, 2 jalapeno peppers, preferably red and green, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 2 to 4 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts], title: Vietnamese Noodle Soup, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 30504: {instructions: To a large pot of boiling salted water add the Brussels sprouts and cook for 10 minutes, remove with a slotted spoon and drop into a bowl filled with ice and water, after 5 minutes strain and set aside.nIn a large saute pan over a medium flame heat the olive oil. When it begins to smoke, add the chorizo, and cook until it becomes crispy and has rendered some fat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is translucent, increase the flame to high and add the Brussels sprouts and cook for an additional 3 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock and cook for 5 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to approximately 14 cup, add the butter and cook for 3 more minutes, season with salt and pepper and serve in a large bowl., ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 links Spanish hard chorizo, diced into 14inch pieces, 1 white onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Sauteed Brussels Sprouts with Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 30505: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. Place egg whites and cream of tartar in a clean, dry bowl of a stand mixer and beat until foamy. Add sugar and almond extract beat until meringues hold soft peaks, about 3 minutes. Fold in chocolate gently until just incorporated. Using a pastry bag or a sealable plastic bag with the corner snipped off, pipe meringue by the tablespoon onto cookie sheets. Bake for 40 minutes, then remove from oven and let cool completely before removing from parchment paper. Transfer to an airtight container., ingredients: [3 egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 13 cup superfine caster sugar See Cooks Notes, 34 teaspoon almond extract, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: ChocolateAlmond Meringues, picturelink: cvwKk9G8s2TtTXdqyld..vNm0TIwq}, 30506: {instructions: Season two 20ounce boneless ribeyes with salt and pepper and rub with Coffee Spice Rub on one side. Grill rubside downnover high heat, 4 to 5 minutes flip, reduce the heat to medium or move the steaks to a cooler spot, cover and grill 8 to 10 more minutes for mediumrare. Serve with Smoky TomatoRed Chile Salsa recipe below.nWhisk all of the ingredients in a bowl.nWhisk the vinegar, olive oil and chipotle puree in a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [14 cup ancho chile powder, 14 cup finely ground espresso roast coffee beans, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons arbol chile powder, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons pureed chipotles in adobo sauce, 3 large ripe tomatoes, diced, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 serrano chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Southwest Steak, picturelink: Z1SCh1aLnUkebF6NrwC8lK3OC9HXETi}, 30507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a 10inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the oats and cook, stirring occasionally, until toasted, about 3 minutes. Cool the oats in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes. Grind the toasted oats in a food processor until the consistency of wholewheat flour, about 3 minutes.nHeat a waffle iron according to manufacturers directions.nWhisk together the toasted oat flour, allpurpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs and melted butter together in another bowl, then add the buttermilk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and stir until combined. Rest the batter for 5 minutes. Ladle the recommended amount of waffle batter into the hot iron. Close the iron top and cook until the waffle is golden on both sides and is easily removed from the iron. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve immediately or keep warm in a preheated 200 degree F oven until ready to serve., ingredients: [5 12 ounces old fashioned rolled oats, 4 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 16 ounces buttermilk at room temperature], title: Oat Waffle, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 30508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill 4 champagne glasses 14 of the way with the sparkling cider, and then fill them 12 of the way with ginger ale. Add a shot of vanilla vodka, and a shot of cinnamon schnapps to each glass and serve., ingredients: [1 bottle sparkling cider, chilled, 1 12ounce can ginger ale, chilled, 4 shots vanilla vodka, 4 shots cinnamon schnapps recommended: Goldschlager], title: Golden Glory, picturelink: ndEoa2amJMYTd1JqN43mG5uoa6eQW}, 30509: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the extravirgin olive oil. Fry the eggs sunnyside up. Season the eggs with salt, and plate. Sprinkle the truffle shavings on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 eggs, Salt, Fresh truffle shavings], title: Fried Eggs With Truffles, picturelink: null}, 30510: {instructions: Combine 1 ounce blue curacao and 2 ounces vodka in an icefilled glass. Fill with seltzer, top with a splash of lemonlime soda and garnish with blueberries.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Romulan Ale, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 30511: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine quinoa and stock in small pot and bring to a boil. Reduce to simmer and cover. Cook 10 to 15 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed. Let cool completely.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine cooled quinoa with remaining ingredients. Toss to mix thoroughly.nServe chilled on a bed of greens tossed with a little dressing., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 hothouse cucumber, diced, 2 scallions, 12 cup roasted red pepper, diced, 14 cup flat leaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fines herbs recommended: Spice Island, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 3 tablespoons slivered almonds, 9 cups spring salad mix, 14 cup light roasted garlic and balsamic salad dressing], title: Quinoa Salad, picturelink: usF6mH0BDuCmLhUbJqPmQBI.yXUSfYu}, 30512: {instructions: Cook beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp tender. Drain and rinse with cold water. Heat oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the green beans and cook until just heated through, stir in pine nuts and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds haricots verts or green beans, 34 cup pine nuts, toasted and finely chopped, 5 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Toasted Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 30513: {instructions: COMBINE grapes, celery and cheese in large bowl. Add dressing toss to coat.nTOSS spinach and romaine with onions spoon onto 4 plates. Top with grape mixture and nuts, ingredients: [2 cups halved seedless red grapes, 2 large stalks celery, finely chopped, 14 cup KRAFT 2 Milk Finely Shredded Mild Cheddar Cheese, 12 cup KRAFT Light Raspberry Vinaigrette Dressing, 4 cups each torn spinach leaves and romaine lettuce, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 14 cup toasted chopped PLANTERS Walnuts], title: Grape, Cheddar and Walnut Salad, picturelink: NJsZicueZCUmJls8m6KsUTrYVYLoW6u}, 30514: {instructions: Heat oven to 500 degrees F. Lightly oil 2 14inch pizza pans set aside.nDivide pizza dough in half. Cover 12 with plastic wrap while working with the second. Working on a lightly floured surface, use fingers to flatten and stretch half the dough into a rough 8inch circle. Transfer to 1 of the prepared pizza pans. Continue to press dough out until it fits just inside rim of pan. Dough should be less than 14inch thick. Drizzle with olive oil. Repeat with second piece of dough.nSprinkle each pizza with half the mozzarella. Transfer both to oven and bake until golden and crusty, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and top with prosciutto and arugula. Drizzle with olive oil. Serve immediately.nPizza Dough:n4 cups flour, 00 if available, otherwise, allpurpose flour, plus more for coating bowln34 ounce fresh yeastn34 cup warm watern2 teaspoons coarse saltn14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 14 cup more for pansnMeasure the flour onto a clean work surface and make a well in the center. Dissolve the yeast in a bowl with 34 cup lukewarm water. Place the salt, yeast and olive oil in the well, and with the help of a fork, incorporate the flour into them. Add more lukewarm water as needed to make a dough that is homogenous and elastic.nDust a large bowl with flour. Place the dough in the bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set it in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nOil 2 12inch pizza pans each with 2 tablespoons. On a lightly floured surface, knead dough until very smooth. Divide dough in half. Using a rolling pin, roll each half, 1 at a time. Transfer dough to prepared pans. Stretch dough with your hands to form rounds 14inch thick.nYield: enough for 2 12inch pizzas, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for pans and drizzling, Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 6 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes, 10 very thin slices prosciutto di Parma about 14 pound, 10 leaves arugula, well washed and dried about 1 ounce], title: Prosciutto and Arugula Pizza, picturelink: null}, 30515: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over a medium heat. Add the onions and mushrooms and cook until the mushroom water is evaporated and they begin to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add chicken, cumin, chili powder and oregano and stir until all spices are incorporated. Add spinach, salt and pepper and cook until spinach is wilted, about 2 minutes.nLay 1 tortilla on a flat work surface and sprinkle with 14 cup shredded cheese. Spoon 12 chicken and vegetable mixture on top of cheese, then top with an additional 14 cup cheese. Top with another flour tortilla. Heat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray over medium heat. Carefully place 1 quesadilla in pan and cook 3 minutes. Using a large spatula, gently flip quesadilla and cook an additional 3 minutes until lightly browned and cheese is melted. Repeat with second quesadilla. Slice each quesadilla into quarters. Place 2 quarters on a plate with 1 tablespoon sour cream and 2 tablespoons salsa., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large onion, chopped about 2 cups, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, about 3 cups, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups cooked chopped skinless, boneless chicken breast 1 breast half, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 cups baby spinach leaves, sliced into ribbons, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 4 10inch wholegrain flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded Mexican cheese mix or Cheddar, 12 cup salsa, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream], title: Easy ChickenMushroom Quesadillas, picturelink: pXR1vR2pybGmQXIk9gYSn1wJzag5qgi}, 30516: {instructions: With a paddle attachment, beat butter, cream cheese, and egg yolk until smooth. Stir in flour and baking powder. Mix until stiff dough forms. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. Lightly beat egg white and set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOn lightly floured surface, roll dough, 12 at a time, into a 15 by 9inch rectangle. With sharp knife, cut dough into 3inch squares. Place 3 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Brush with egg white.nLightly press about 1 12 inches of wooden stick into bottom center of each dough square. With sharp knife, cut the dough diagonally from each corner to within 12inch of center of each square. Sprinkle about 1 teaspoon colored sugar over each square. Fold alternate corners of the square to the center to form pinwheel, overlapping the dough at the center pushing down gently to seal in center.nPress one candy coated chocolate in center of each pinwheel.nBake until set, about 9 to 12 minutes. Using spatula, immediately remove from cookie sheets., ingredients: [34 cup butter, softened, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 egg, separated, 2 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 30 wooden popsticks, 1 cup colored sugar, one or several colors, 30 candy coated chocolate candies], title: Katies Pinwheel Cookies, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 30517: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and add 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the potatoes fall apart when a fork is inserted, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain well.nHeat the butter over medium heat in a large saute pan. Add the onion and jalapeno and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the ancho chile powder and stir until combined. Add the potatoes, salt and pepper and toss the mixture, slightly mashing the potatoes with a metal spatula. Press the potato mixture into one even layer and cook until golden brown on the bottom. Turn over and gently mash again into an even layer and cook until the bottom is golden brown. Stir in the cilantro and lime zest and transfer to a bowl., ingredients: [3 large Idaho potatoes, skin on, cut into 6ths, then chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, seeds and all, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Zest of 1 lime], title: Spicy Home Fries, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 30518: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the wine and brandy over the fruit and sugar in a large serving bowl. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Stick a ladle in the sangria so people can serve themselves and have a full bucket of ice by the side of the bowl. Dont let the ice run out., ingredients: [2 750ml bottles white wine, chilled, 1 cup brandy, 2 navel oranges, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, 14 cup superfine sugar], title: White Sangria, picturelink: kSB6evJu32Ih6Fpx5R.8GSaSmLKuGlG}, 30519: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRub the pork loin with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. In a large skillet with oven safe handles, heat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat and sear the pork loin on all sides. Cover with foil and roast in the oven until fork tender, about 35 to 45 minutes to 1 hour. At the 30 minute mark, you will remove the foil and brush some of the mango honey sauce on the pork.nBring 5 cups water to a boil in a saucepan with a lid. Add rice, butter and salt. Return to a boil, cover, reduce heat to low and let cook for 20 minutes without removing the lid.nAfter the pork loin has been placed in the oven, begin the mango honey sauce. In a saucepan, heat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat and saute shallot until translucent, about 2 minutes.nStir in jalapeno and vinegar and cook for about 1 minute. Add chicken stock and mango juice, bring to a boil. Allow to reduce by 23, about 10 minutes. Stir in the honey and allow to thicken, about 2 minutes. Reserve about 12 cup of the sauce in a small bowl, cover and keep warm by immersing in a larger container of hot water.nUncover the pork and brush some of the mango glaze on the pork and allow to caramelize on the surface of the meat in the oven.nRemove the rice from the heat and let sit covered for a minutes. Heat the beans over medium heat and keep warm.nRemove pork from oven and let rest.nFold the beans into the rice, cover and let rest.nFor the shrimp, heat the grapeseed oil over medium heat in a skillet and add the butter to melt. Add the garlic and saute for a couple of minutes, being careful not to burn it. Add the shrimp and cook until just pink and opaque and remove from heat. Do not overcook the shrimp.nSlice down the pork. Spoon some rice and beans into the center of serving plate. Arrange slices of sliced pork on top and arrange approximately 4 shrimp around. Drizzle with reserved mango sauce., ingredients: [1 2pound pork loin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 cups white rice, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 1 16ounce can red beans, 1 16ounce can black beans, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 small jalapeno pepper, stems and seeds removed and minced use gloves when handling these or any hot peppers, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup mango juice, preferably with no additional sugar added, Salt, if needed, and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 garlic cloves, 1 pound 21 to 30count shrimp, shells removed and deveined], title: Surf And Turf: Pork and Shrimp with Garlic Cerdo y Gambas al Ajillo, picturelink: null}, 30520: {instructions: Rinse a chilled cocktail coupe with absinthe, then garnish the glass with a tarragon sprig.nAdd the gin, Demerara Sugar Syrup, lemon juice, Green Chartreuse and remaining tarragon sprig to a cocktail shaker. Muddle the tarragon, add large ice cubes and shake vigorously. Doublestrain into the prepared glass and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [Absinthe, for rinsing the glass, 2 sprigs fresh tarragon, 1 12 ounces gin, such as Monkey 47, 1 ounce Demerara Sugar Syrup, recipe follows, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce Green Chartreuse, 1 cup demerara sugar], title: Tarragon Citrus Splash, picturelink: ZoRokIkZb1whYHJvh8TyHPUTWIGUa}, 30521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, blend together the eggs, evaporated milk, condensed milk, whole milk, cocoa, allspice and cinnamon until well incorporated and creamy. Bake either using the water bath or double boiler method below.nTo bake using the water bath method: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCaramelize the sugar in a pan over the stovetop until a light golden brown, using a wooden spoon to stir. This is the trickiest part as sugar burns easily, so dont let it get too dark and keep mixing the sugar with the spoon. Dont step away from this process once the sugar gets hot, it browns quickly. Once it is completely liquefied, pour into an ovensafe 6 to 8inch round mold a tempered glass pie dish works well and coat the bottom and sides threequarters of the way up.nFill an oven roasting pan or baking dish with about 1 inch of water and place the sugarcoated pie dish inside. Add the flan mixture to the pie dish and bake until the top is firm and the flan starts to pull away from the sides, about 45 minutes. Remove from the water bath and let cool to room temperature, about 2 hours.nTo transfer the flan to a serving plate, make sure the sides are loose you can run a thin knife around the edges to make sure it is not sticking to the sides, put a plate on top and in one fluid motion, invert the flan onto the plate and remove the pie dish. Refrigerate to chill before slicing and serving.nTo bake using the double boiler method: If you have a double boiler pan which is what I typically use and is easier, caramelize the sugar in the double boiler insert on the stovetop using the same method as above. Remove from the heat and, using a wooden spoon and by tilting and rotating the pan, coat all sides of the pan threequarters of the way up.nFill the other double boiler pan with water about onequarter full and bring to a boil while the sugar is caramelizing.nPour the flan mixture into the caramel and put the double boiler insert over the pan with the hot water. Cover and cook over medium low until the flan appears more solid and pulls away from the sides, about 45 minutes. Let cool to room temperature for about 2 hours before inverting onto a serving plate using the same method as above. Refrigerate and serve cold., ingredients: [6 eggs, One 12ounce can evaporated milk full fat or 2 percent, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup sugar], title: Chocolate Winter Flan, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 30522: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 sheets parchment papernPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the wine, grapeseed oil, lemon juice, parsley, garlic, cilantro, cheese and curry. Add the cooked couscous and toss well.nFold and crease the parchment in half and lay the folded sheets on a flat surface. Open and divide the couscous into center of each paper, leaving 3inch edge clean and free of couscous. Portion the raw shrimp over the couscous, making sure that the shrimp is not stacked on top of each other, because this would prevent even cooking. In separate bowl, whisk together the ginger, grapeseed oil, lemon juice, thyme and parsley. Drizzle the sauce over the shrimp.nTo seal the paper, crimp the edges, in circular motion, folding each flap over half of previous fold until completely sealed. Repeat this process with each papillote. Arrange the packets on a cookie sheet and bake for 14 to 16 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and allow to rest for 2 to 3 minutes. Once rested, carefully remove the packets from the pan, put on serving plates and open the papillote with knife or scissors., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine, 1 tablespoon grape seed oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon freshly minced parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly minced cilantro leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 12 pound Israeli couscous, cooked according to package directions, 1 14 pounds raw shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed 2125 count, 1 teaspoon powdered ginger, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon minced thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon minced parsley leaves], title: Shrimp en Papillote with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 30523: {instructions: Combine sour cream, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Refrigerate for 1 hour and up to 8 hours. When ready to serve top with peppers., ingredients: [Broccoli florets, Carrot sticks, Celery sticks, Scallions, Red bell pepper strips, 1 pint sour cream, 1 clove of garlic, minced, Juice of 14 lemon, 12 teaspoon salt or to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper or to taste, 2 tablespoons brunoise of green, yellow and red bell pepper], title: Kaleidoscope Crudite, picturelink: null}, 30524: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large, highsided skillet, and add the onion. Cook over medium heat until soft and sweet, about 10 minutes. Add the rice and salt and cook, stirring, until well coated in butter, about 2 minutes. Pour in the white wine and cook, stirring, until it evaporates. Add 12 cup water and cook, stirring frequently, until it has been absorbed. Repeat, adding 12 cup water at a time, until the rice swells and becomes tender. This should take about 15 minutes and about 3 to 3 12 cups water. The texture of the risotto should be softly flowing but not soupy.nStir in the Parmesan, and transfer the risotto to a wide bowl. When it is cool enough to touch, fold in the cheese curds.nLine an 8inchsquare baking dish with plastic wrap, leaving plenty of overhang on all sides. Pour the risotto into the dish, smooth the top, and cover with the overhanging plastic. Refrigerate until firm, about 3 hours, or as long as overnight.nBefore serving, clarify the remaining 8 tablespoons butter: Heat the butter in a small skillet over medium heat until it foams and starts to turn dark blond on top, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the butter sit for a few minutes. Then tilt the skillet toward you and gently spoon off and discard the top layer of foam. Pour the clear golden butter into another bowl, discarding the dark dregs at the bottom of the skillet.nUnmold the risotto cake onto a cutting board. Cut it into eight 1inchwide slabs, and then cut each rectangle into thirds to make 24 pieces. Put the rice flour in a shallow dish. Dip the tops and bottoms of the risotto cakes in the flour, and transfer them to a platter or baking sheet.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat a large nonstick saute pan or castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add enough clarified butter to lightly coat the bottom, and when its hot, add as many risotto cakes as will fit in the pan. Fry until a dark golden brown crust forms on both sides and the cheese inside is melted, about 4 minutes. Keep the fried risotto cakes warm in the oven while you fry the rest of them. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks salted butter, 12 cup finely diced sweet onion, 1 cup carnaroli or Arborio rice, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 to 1 14 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 pound white cheese curds, About 1 cup rice flour], title: Crispy Cheese Curd Risotto Cake, picturelink: UUcMK1tuYKYdBMvRdS50WY1FMdnFWe}, 30525: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the flours. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, on the medium speed of an electric mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar gradually and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the dry ingredients in 3 parts, alternating with the milk and vanilla. With each addition, beat until the ingredients are incorporated but do not over beat. Using a rubber spatula, scrape down the batter in the bowl to make sure the ingredients are well blended.nLine 12 cup cupcake or muffin pan 34full with batter. Bake until the cupcakes are puffed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nTo assemble:nCut the vanilla cupcakes in 12. Start with 1 cupcake top and add pulled pork. Cut corn and add to pulled pork. Pour spicy barbque sauce as desired. Top off with another cupcake top to make a cupcake slider., ingredients: [1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 pound pulled pork, 12 cup spicy barbque sauce, 1 ear of corn], title: Pulled Pork and Sweet Corn Country Cupcakes, picturelink: NCJpptdwOCM6.DaTNoZlXha1TZVgey}, 30526: {instructions: Clean and wash the broccoli rabe. Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil, add 1 teaspoon salt and put the broccoli rabe in to cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Strain the broccoli rabe and submerge in coldnMICHAELS PLACE SHOW ML1B16nwater to cool quickly. Drain the rabe. Place the sausage links in a skillet and begin to brown slowly, over low heat, partially covered with a lid. They should cook in about 20 minutes. Put 6 quarts of water in a pot to cook the pasta. Bring the water to a boil and add 2 tablespoon of salt. Add the pasta and cook according to package directions. When the pasta is nearly cooked add the rabe to the sausage along with the red pepper flakes. Toss the rabe and sausage together and cover the pan again. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water, and put the pasta back into the pot along with the olive oil Set it over low heat and cook for a moment before pouring the pasta into a serving bowl. Top with the sausage and rabe and plenty of grated cheese and ground black pepper. The reserved water may be used to moisten the dish if necessary.nTrim the meat of all gristle but remember to not trim too much fat as the mixture should be approximately 80 percent lean to 20 percent fat. Cut the meat into chunks and pass through a meat grinder using the largest die. Pass the meat through again, this time using the medium die. Pass the sausage meat through one more time on this medium die. In a large bowl mix the ground meat with the water, salt, pepper, fennel seed, cheese and parsley. Wash the casing well under cold running water and allow water to run through the casing so that any holes may be detected. Fit the grinder with the sausage stuffing attachment and place the casing over the stuffing tube by feeding it on and bunching it up on the tube.. Place the meat in the hopper on top and begin to push the sausage meat down into the hopper so that it begins to feed into the casing. As the meat feeds into the casing, allow the casing to slide into your open hand. Catch the stuffed sausage as it comes out of the machine. Go at a slow and steady pace so that the sausage is fully, evenly, stuffed and without air pockets. To make individual links, twist the sausage every few inches as it is stuffed and let the finished ring of sausage lay on the work space as you finish the process. Continue until the meat is finished. Keep refrigerated and use with in one week or freeze for later use.nYield: approximately 5 pounds finished sausagenc. Michael Lomonaco 1997, ingredients: [12 pound broccoli rabe, 1 pound homemade sausage links, recipe follows, 14 cup pure olive oil, 1 pound penne pasta, 2 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, Grated Parmesan cheese, 5 pounds pork shoulder, 1 cup cold water, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 12 cup grated pecorino romano cheese, 12 cup chopped parsley, 12 pound hog sausage casing], title: Homemade Sausage with Pasta, picturelink: null}, 30527: {instructions: For the Marinade: Combine all of the ingredients, except cornstarch and water, in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Whisk together cornstarch and water in a small bowl to make a slurry. Add the slurry to the mixture and stir well. Bring back to boil and cook for 5 minutes. Let cool.nCombine the beef and the marinade and refrigerate for 24 hours.nPreheat a grill.nSkewer beef cubes, red bell peppers, red onion and cherry tomatoes. Skewer each item separately as cooking times vary. Barbecue over low heat, turning and basting with marinade for 20 to 30 minutes or until done., ingredients: [2 cups Kona coffee, strong brew, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, 2 tablespoons mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup lemon juice, 14 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 cup water, 2 pounds beef loin strips, cut in 1inch cubes, 2 red bell peppers, cut into 1inch squares, 1 red onion, cut into 1inch squares, 20 cherry tomatoes], title: Kona Coffee Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 30528: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the shrimp on a sheet pan with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.Toss well, spread them in one layer and roast for 6 to 8 minutes, just until theyre pink and cooked through.nMeanwhile, drizzle some olive oil in a large pot of boiling salted water, add the angel hair and cook until al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving some of the cooking liquid. Quickly toss the angel hair with the melted butter, 14 cup olive oil, the lemon zest, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and about 12 cup of the reserved cooking liquid. Add the shrimp and serve hot.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [2 pounds 17 to 21 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound angel hair pasta, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, Zest and juice of 2 lemons], title: Lemon Pasta with Roasted Shrimp, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 30529: {instructions: Peel the potatoes, immediately immersing them in very cold water as you finish each one.nRemove the potatoes from the water. Grate the potatoes and onion with a food processor fitted with the grating blade. Dont press too hard on the potatoes going in  just enough to get them through.nTransfer the potatoes and onion to a finemesh strainer squeeze out all the water into a bowl. Let the potato starch settle, then pour out as much water as possible, leaving the starch in the bowl. Add the potatoonion mixture to the bowl and mix in the egg, flour, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nHeat a wellseasoned castiron skillet with a thin layer of vegetable oil over medium heat. Scoop large spoonfuls of the potato mixture into the pan and flatten them out thin pancakes yield crispy ones. Fry until golden on the bottom, then gently flip and fry the other side, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. If you have to wait to serve, recrisp them on a baking sheet lined with clean paper towels in a 350 degrees F oven.nServe with applesauce, or try my familys favorite toppings: My greatgrandmother put cinnamon in applesauce to serve with hers. My grandfather loved his with heaps of cold sour cream. My grandmother served them with poached pears. My mother tops them with tart, chunky homemade applesauce. My brother, Willie, loves his plain with sugar. My stepfather, Ronnie, loves his with ketchup  but I wouldnt brag about thatnPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [5 large or 6 small firm Yukon gold potatoes about 2 14 pounds, 1 large onion, halved, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour or matzo meal, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, Applesauce or other toppings, for serving], title: Slightly Adapted Mamos Potato Pancakes, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 30530: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. To the meat, add half of the granulated sugar, half of the brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and 1 tablespoon of oil. Next, combine the remaining sugars, vinegar, wine, soy sauce and fish sauce in a bowl. Taste and add salt and pepper, if needed.nDivide the meat into 2 portions. Place 2 large skillets over the highest heat possible and add 1 tablespoon of oil to each skillet. When the oil begins to smoke, add 12 the meat in 1 layer to each pan. Let sit until a brown crust forms, and turn to brown the other side. Browning should take approximately 2 to 3 minutes total. Set aside, drain 1 skillet of excess oil and lightly wipe down with a paper towel.nIn that skillet, add 2 tablespoons of oil over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke add the onion, bell pepper and jalapeno with a pinch of salt and pepper. Cook stirring often until lightly caramelized, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and green onions and cook for an additional 1 to 2 minutes. While the onion mixture is finishing cooking, place the 4 baguettes in the oven for 1 to 2 minutes until lightly toasted and warmed through. Add the beef and vinegar mixture to the onions, and stir to combine. Taste and add additional salt and pepper, if desired. Keep warm while you assemble the sandwich.nTo assemble each sandwich, spread 1 scant tablespoon of aioli on both sides of the baguette. On the bottom half, add a small handful of watercress, then 14 of the meat mixture, top with a small handful of cilantro, some julienne bell pepper, a few slices of cucumber, and a few slices of jalapeno. Enjoy and serve along with 2 lime wedges which are meant to be squeezed over the meat right before eating, Crispy Fried Onion Strings, and additional aioli in a ramekin for dipping  and enjoynHeat a skillet over high heat. Add the jalapeno and garlic to the dry skillet. Cook until blackened and charred on all sides, about 10 minutes. Place in a plastic bag, seal and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Then remove the stems, most of the skin, and all of the seeds and ribs from the jalapeno, and the outer layer of the garlic. Add jalapenos and garlic to a food processor or blender with remaining ingredients. Blend, taste and adjust seasoning with additional salt, pepper and cayenne if desired and enjoynMakes enough for 4 sandwiches, plus extra for dipping Onion Strings .nFill a large heavy pot 13 full with oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Line a plate with paper towels. Place the flour in a large paper bag or bowl. Add the onions, toss well to coat and shake off the excess. Fry the onions until golden brown you may need to do this in 2 batches if your pot isnt big enough, about 4 minutes. Remove to the paper towel lined plate, and immediately sprinkle generously with salt and a touch of pepper. Place a large mound on each plate and top with chopped chives. Serve with a ramekin of the aioli and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 pounds very thinly sliced ribeye steak, trimmed of any excess fat, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, divided, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 large red onion, medium dice, 1 large red bell pepper, medium dice, 1 jalapeno stemmed, seeded, ribs removed, small dice, 2 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 4 green onion stalks, diced, 4 6 to 7inch baguette rolls, split, FireRoasted Jalapeno Aioli, recipe follows, 1 large bunch or package baby watercress, 1 bunch fresh cilantro sprigs, 1 red bell pepper, stem, seeds and ribs removed, julienne cut, 1 English cucumber, peeled and cut on diagonal into 1 14inch rounds, 2 jalapenos, sliced very thin optional, but recommended, Crispy Fried Onion Strings, recipe follows, 1 large lime, cut into 8 wedges, 4 large jalapenos, 4 cloves garlic, papery outer layer still attached, Dash cayenne pepper, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 lime, zested, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 cups mayonnaise, Canola oil, for frying, 4 cups rice flour, 4 large red onions, sliced paperthin, Fine salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, Bunch chives, minced], title: Vietnamese Shaking Beef Sandwich with a FireRoasted Jalapeno Aioli, Watercress and Crispy Fried Onion Strings, picturelink: null}, 30531: {instructions: To make the crust: With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until well combined. Add flour and mix until dough forms a ball. Pat into a 9inch pie pan. Chill.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the filling: With an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar. Add egg yolks. Slowly add water, vanilla, and vinegar with the mixer on medium speed. Add flour and cornmeal. Pour into prepared crust and bake for 45 minutes or until set. Chill overnight., ingredients: [3 ounces cream cheese, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 8 egg yolks, 34 cup water, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons cornmeal], title: Bottletree Chess Pie, picturelink: null}, 30532: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl. Beat the butter, confectioners sugar and lime zest in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Transfer twothirds of the dough to a separate bowl and set aside. Add the food coloring to the remaining onethird of the dough and beat with the mixer until combined.nAssemble a cookie press according to the manufacturers instructions. Working in batches, fill the press with about 3 tablespoons plain dough, then 3 tablespoons green dough, then 3 more tablespoons plain dough. Press cookies about 1 inch apart onto 2 ungreased baking sheets.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are set but not browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 drops green gel food coloring], title: Lime Spritz Cookies, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 30533: {instructions: Place the sugar, lemon juice, and Grand Marnier in a mixing bowl. Whisk until well blended. Let sit for 15 minutes. Divide the fruit salad among 6 wide, shallow soup bowls. Ladle the Grand Marnier mixture over the fruit, and serve immediately, garnished with the mint leaves.nPlace the fruit in a large mixing bowl. Sprinkle with the sugar, and toss lightly. Add the lemon juice and Grand Marnier, and toss again. Let sit for 10 to 30 minutes, either on a counter if you like a warmer salad or in the refrigerator if you like a colder salad. Divide among 6 dinner plates. Garnish with mint leaves, and serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons sugar, 10 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup Grand Marnier, 6 cups Fruit Salad, see below, Fresh mint leaves for garnish, 6 cups assorted sliced fruit, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 tablespoons Grand Marnier, Fresh mint leaves for garnish], title: Simple Fruit Soup with Grand Marnier, picturelink: null}, 30534: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor Ham: Remove any thick skin from ham and all but about 34inch layer of fat.nMince and mash garlic with salt to a paste. Coarsely grind coriander and peppercorns in coffeespice grinder and stir together with flour, butter, and garlic paste in a bowl.nSpread spice paste all over ham, then put ham, cut side down, in a greased large roasting pan. Bake in middle of oven until crust is golden and an instantread thermometer inserted into center do not touch bone registers 150 degrees F, about 1 14 hours.nTransfer ham to a platter and let stand 15 minutes before slicing. Garnish with parsley.nFor Sauce: Stir together mustard and maple syrup until combined well. Serve with ham.nCooks note: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before serving.nGarnish: 2 large bunches fresh flatleaf parsley .nSpecial equipment: an electric coffeespice grinder ., ingredients: [1 8 to 10pound fully cooked shankend ham, 4 garlic cloves, 1 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon mixed peppercorns containing black, pink, white, and green peppercorns but not allspice, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup Grade B maple syrup], title: Spice Crusted Ham with Maple Mustard Sauce, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 30535: {instructions: Beat 1 cup dark brown sugar and 1 stick butter until fluffy, then beat in 3 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 4 ounces melted semisweet chocolate and 2 tablespoons buttermilk with the eggs. Whisk 1 12 cups flour, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon baking powder stir into the butter mixture. Add 2 cups chocolate chunks and 1 cup dried cherries to the finished batter. Drop by tablespoonfuls and chill 30 minutes bake 8 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Cherry Gooeys, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 30536: {instructions: Note: Chayote is a type of squash leaving the peel on adds color to this dish, but some find the skin to be slimy when cooked so it can be peeled if desired. If chayote is unavailable, use zucchini or crookneck squash.nPut noodles in a sealable plastic bag and break into small pieces by rolling with a pin or crushing with your hands. Heat the oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat and add onion, garlic, and chiles. Cook, stirring often, until vegetables are softened, about 5 minutes. Add noodles and stir until lightly toasted and well coated with oil. Add chayote, tomatoes, oregano, and broth cover and let simmer until almost dry about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [12 pound dried coiled egg noodles, such as vermicelli or capellini, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 yellow or white onion, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 fresh Anaheim chiles, seeded and chopped, 1 chayote see note, 2 firmripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 cups chicken broth, Salt and pepper], title: Sopa Seca, picturelink: null}, 30537: {instructions: Make the crust. Combine the flour, salt and butter in a large bowl. Gently cut the butter into the flour using 2 sharp knives in a crisscross motion until the butter is about the size of small peas. The lighter the hand, the flakier the crust. Slowly drizzle in 12 cup ice water and fold into the mixture with a fork until the dough comes togetheryou want to work the dough as little as possible. Add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the dough is too dry. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and divide into 2 balls. Form each into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, trim the rhubarb and cut into 12inch pieces. Hull the strawberries and slice. Combine the rhubarb, strawberries, granulated sugar, flour, cinnamon, salt, vanilla and lemon juice in a large bowl toss.nPrepare the bottom crust. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out 1 disk of dough on a floured surface into a 12inch round. Roll the dough onto the rolling pin, then carefully unroll it over a 9inch pie plate. Gently press the dough into the plate with your fingers. Add the strawberryrhubarb filling. Do not trim the overhanging dough.nMake the lattice. Roll out the remaining disk of dough into a 12inch round. With an oldfashioned crimper, sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut into 1inchwide strips. Lay about half of the strips on the pie in one direction, about 12 inch apart. Fold back every other strip halfway. Lay a strip perpendicular to the first ones. Unfold the strips back over the new strip, then fold alternate strips back halfway. Add another perpendicular strip unfold the strips back over it. Repeat to form a lattice. Pinch the overhanging top and bottom crusts together, trimming as needed, then fold the dough under itself and crimp with your fingers.nBake the pie. Using your fingers, pat the lattice top with milk and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Put the pie on a baking sheet and place in the preheated oven. Bake 20 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 50 more minutes. Let cool completely before slicing.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons coarse sugar, 1 14 pounds rhubarb, 2 pints strawberries, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Juice of 12 lemon], title: StrawberryRhubarb Pie, picturelink: q7tgwdU36bpBWmYAB5s1hFqq.KhP5O}, 30538: {instructions: Take 1 tablespoon of the butter and add to a small fry pan, then saute the white parts of the scallions until soft. In a large sauce pot, boil the potatoes until they are tender. Drain the potatoes well, add the sauteed scallions, then mash and whip in butter, salt and white pepper, to taste, with a beater. Fold the cheese into the potatoes and allow it to melt. Stir to evenly distribute cheese, transfer to a serving dish and garnish with finely chopped tender green parts of scallions or fresh chives., ingredients: [12 cup butter 8 tablespoons or 1 4ounce stick, 6 scallions, white parts only use tender green parts for garnish below, finely sliced, 6 large potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, Salt, White pepper, 2 cups sharp shredded Cheddar, Tender green parts from scallions above, finely chopped or 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Say Cheese Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 30539: {instructions: Brush each side of the salmon fillets with misotamari mix. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Heat a non stick pan over medium low heat until quite hot. Unwrap the salmon and wipe off any excess miso. Pat the salmon with a small amount of grapeseed oil and press into the hot pan. Cook on the first side for 2 minutes. Turn the fillets over and remove the pan from the heat. Allow the salmon to remain in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes. In the meantime, make the salad.nCombine all the ingredients a large cup, and using a hand blender, blend until smooth. Yield: 1 12 cups., ingredients: [4 4ounce salmon fillets, 2 tablespoons misotamari, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons grapeseed oil, 12 cup dark miso, 1 cup good tamari], title: Miso Salmon, picturelink: null}, 30540: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large saucepan over moderate heat. Add the onion, carrot, potato, salt and pepper and saute until the vegetables are tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the Swiss chard, stirring to mix well, cover the pan and simmer over low heat until chard is tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the vinegar and simmer, uncovered for a few minutes longer. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 potato, cut into 12 inch chunks, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds Swiss chard, washed, white and green parts cut into strips, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Swiss Chard Saute, picturelink: null}, 30541: {instructions: With a zester or vegetable peeler, remove the zest colored peel only from half of an orange. Finely mince the zest and transfer it to a large stainless steel or glass bowl. Add the salsa and lime juice to the orange zest. Taste and season with salt should be a little salty. Add the jicama and onion, toss to mix well, then let stand for about 30 minutes.nCut the stem and blossom ends from all the oranges, then standing each orange on a cutting board and working close to the flesh, cut away the rind and all the white pith. Cut the oranges into 14inchthick slices. Cut the slices into quarters.nStir the orange pieces and optional pineapple into the jicama mixture. Divide the lettuce between individual serving plates, forming it into a rough nest shape. Pile the marinated jicama mixture in the middle. Sprinkle everything with cilantro, ingredients: [3 oranges, 12 cup Mellow Red Chile Salsa, Juice of 1 lime, About 1 teaspoon salt, 1 small 1pound jicama, peeled and cut into 34inch cubes, 1 mediumsize red onion, thinly sliced, 12 small fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch pieces optional, 1 small head romaine, tough outer leaves removed, inner leaves sliced crosswise, 12inch wide, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Red ChileJicama Salad with Orange and Red Onion, picturelink: null}, 30542: {instructions: Have grill pregreased and preheated to mediumhigh.nPlace fish in a nonreactive bowl. Add 3 cups of chilled water to fish and rinse gently. Drain water.nAdd onions to remaining chilled water and let soak.nMeanwhile, place aji, garlic, and pinch of salt in a mortar and pestle. Grind to make a paste.nCombine fish, lime and lemon juices, aji and garlic paste, salt, pepper, and cilantro. Let marinate for 10 minutes.nBrush corn and sweet potato slices with oil and place on grill. Cook about 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, divide fish ceviche among 4 lettuce cups and top with onion slices. Serve with grilled corn and sweet potato slices and garnish with Japanese seaweed, if desired., ingredients: [1 14 pounds fish fillets sea bass, sole, or flounder, cut on the bias into 1inch dice, 1 quart water, boiled and chilled, 1 red onion, cut in 12 lengthwise and sliced thin, 1 aji amarillo, rib and seeds removed, diced, 1 clove garlic, Salt and pepper, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 2 ears corn, cut in 12, 1 sweet potato, sliced 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 head butter lettuce, Japanese seaweed, for garnish], title: Peruvian Fish Ceviche, picturelink: GDBP32eXJaNpc8EmGNCqDGe.peQ69xy}, 30543: {instructions: In a small sauce pot add water and cinnamon and bring to boil. Simmer for 10 minutes, and strain out cinnamon sticks. Bring water back to a boil, add sugar and stir until sugar is dissolved., ingredients: [2 cups water, 4 cinnamon sticks, 1 12 cups sugar], title: Cinnamon Simple Syrup, picturelink: ILO.gQWwHAbRhYYY2U08fVhZjeFC2JG}, 30544: {instructions: Brush a baking sheet lightly with some of the butter, lay 1 sheet of the phyllo on the butter, and brush it lightly with some of the remaining butter. Sprinkle the phyllo with 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan, lay another sheet of the phyllo on top, and press it firmly so that it adheres to the bottom layer. Butter, sprinkle, and layer the remaining phyllo in the same manner, ending with a sheet of phyllo and reserving the remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Sprinkle the top sheet of phyllo with the mozzarella, scatter the onion evenly on top, and arrange the tomatoes in one layer over the onion. Sprinkle the pizza with the reserved 1 tablespoon Parmesan, the oregano, the thyme leaves, and salt and pepper to taste and bake it in the middle of a preheated 375 degree F. oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the edges are golden. Arrange the thyme sprigs along the pizzas perimeter and with a pizza wheel or sharp knife cut the pizza into squares., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and kept warm, 7 17 by 12inch sheets of phyllo, stacked between 2 sheets of wax paper and covered with a dampened kitchen towel, 7 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup coarsely grated mozzarella about 14 pound, 1 cup very thinly sliced onion, 2 pounds tomatoes about 5, cut into 14inchthick slices, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, or 14 teaspoon crumbled dried, plus fresh thyme sprigs for garnish], title: Tomato Phyllo Pizza, picturelink: null}, 30545: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large, ovensafe highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the foam subsides, add the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until it has the consistency of wet sand, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the milk, little by little.nPut the saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil, whisking constantly. Lower the heat and whisk in 2 cups of the Cheddar, 2 cups of the Gruyere, the garlic, pepper and salt. Whisk until the cheese is melted, then stir in the nutmeg. Add the sliced potatoes to the pan. Scatter the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the remaining 1 cup Cheddar and 1 cup Gruyere over the top.nBake in the oven for 45 minutes, then increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F., and bake until the potatoes are forktender and the top is bubbly and golden brown, about 15 minutes more. Cover the dish with foil if the top becomes too dark before the potatoes are tender. Scatter the chopped parsley over the top, and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart milk, 3 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 3 cups shredded Gruyere cheese, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 7 medium Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled, cut in 12inch thick coins, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Cheesy Potato Gratin, picturelink: 28ZNJ3kLvvMm7cUIlJzAFC3EC1oRU6}, 30546: {instructions: For the apple butter: In a large stockpot, combine the apples with the apple juice. Cook on low heat until the apples are tender, about 45 minutes. Remove from heat and pass through a fine sieve. Pour the puree back in the stockpot. Bring to a simmer and add the brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and lemon juice. Cook on low heat for about 1 12 hours until its reduced by half and thickens up, stirring regularly and skimming the surface if necessary. Remove from heat and let cool.nFor the ham: Put the ham, carrot, celery, leek, onion, and garlic in a large stockpot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and let simmer for 2 hours. Drain and place into a roasting pan.nPreheat the oven at 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the apple butter, honey, and Dijon mustard. Peel off the skin of the ham and brush it with apple butter mixture. Pour the water in the bottom of the pan. Place in the oven and cook for 1 12 hours, making sure to baste it with the sauce every 15 minutes during cooking process. Remove the ham from the grill and let sit for 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [5 pounds Macintosh apples, scrubbed and quartered not peeled, 4 cups apple juice, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 10pound ham, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 leek, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 garlic head, halved, 1 cup apple butter, 12 cup honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 4 cups water], title: Apple Butter Glazed Ham, picturelink: null}, 30547: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray the tortillas and toast until golden and crisp. Remove and set aside. Increase the oven temperature to 500 degrees F.nChar the peppers all over on gas stovetop burner or under the broiler. Place in a bowl, cover and cool to handle. Peel and seed the peppers.nDress the tomatillos, garlic and onions with the oil, and roast until charred and tender. Cool slightly and remove the skin from the garlic.nProcess the tomatillos, garlic, onions, poblanos, honey, cumin, cilantro, lime juice and some salt and pepper into fairly smooth saucesalsa. Taste to adjust seasoning. Add to a pot and stir in the chicken stock, bring to a simmer, stir in the crema and then add the chicken.nFill a casserole dish with the crisp tortilla strips and top with half of the cheese. Spread around all of the chicken and creamy sauce, and top with the remaining cheese. Return to the oven and bake the casserole until bubbly brown. Remove and top with sliced red onion rings and more cilantro leaves.nPlace the cleaned chicken in a pot on a bed of bay leaves, carrots, garlic, lemon, onion, celery and parsley. Fill the pot to cover the chicken to the top with about 12 cups water. Sprinkle with salt and throw in a couple of peppercorns. Bring the water to a low boil then gently cook at low rolling simmer for about 1 hour, turning the chicken occasionally. Turn off the heat and allow the chicken to cool completely in its own juices. Remove the chicken and separate the meat from skin and bones. Strain and reserve all of the cooking liquids., ingredients: [10 medium corn tortillas, cut in half then into 2inch wide strips, Cooking spray, Salt, 3 poblano peppers, 6 large tomatillos, peeled, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, in skins, 1 onion, peeled and cut into wedges, 1 tablespoon canola or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon honey or agave syrup, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palmful, Small handful fresh cilantro plus a few leaves for garnish, 1 lime, juiced, Pepper, 1 12 to 2 cups chicken stock, reserved from Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 12 cup crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, 3 cups Poached Chicken, pulled or chopped into bitesize pieces, recipe follows, 12 cup shredded Swiss, 12 cup shredded Jack cheese, Red onion, thinly sliced rings, for garnish, 1 whole chicken, 5 pounds, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, with stems, if you have them, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 onion, quartered, A few stalks celery with leafy tops, coarsely chopped, A small handful of parsley with stems, Salt, A few peppercorns], title: Chicken Suiza Chilaquiles, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 30548: {instructions: For the roasted tritip: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tritip in a roasting pan and cover with the carrots, celery, onions, oregano and some garlic. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add 12 cup water to the pan and cover.nBake for 1 12 hours reduce the time for rarer meat. Uncover and brown for about 30 minutes more. Let rest for about 15 minutes before slicing. The stock may be saved for soups and brown gravies.nFor the trucker special sandwich: Spread the butter on one side of each slice of bread. Place two bread slices, butterside down, in a skillet over medium heat. Place one slice of cheese on each bread slice in the skillet. Place the meat on top of the cheese, and place the green chiles and bacon on top of the meat. Top with the other two slices of bread, butterside up. Cook until golden brown on both sides. Remove the sandwiches from the skillet and cut in half., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 12 pounds tritip steak, 1 carrot, sliced, 1 stalk celery, sliced, 1 onion, diced, Pinch oregano, Minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 slices sourdough bread, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 2 slices green chile, 6 slices cooked bacon], title: Trucker Special Sandwich with Roasted TriTip, picturelink: null}, 30549: {instructions: Pick the adductor muscle off the scallops and reserve them to add to the fumet. Heat a saucepan over medium heat, add olive oil, fennel, ginger, lemongrass, shallots, leeks, sweat covered until soft, do not allow them to brown, add sake, wine and reduce by half, add fumet, scallop muscles and sachet. Simmer 30 minutes. Let stand off heat 10 minutes to settle impurities, ladle off the top through cheesecloth. Reserve this fumet. Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add veg. oil. Season scallops with salt and pepper, when oil is smoking, add scallops. Turn heat down to medium, turn scallops after 2 minutes, cook another 2 minutes on the second side. Remove them from the pan. In a small sauce pan add the fumet and lime juice together, bring to a boil, using an immersion blender add the butter until a thickened, foamy sauce is made. Season with salt and pepper, and serve around the scallops., ingredients: [1 12 lbs. u10 diver sea scallops also called dry sea scallops, 2 teaspoon olive oil, 2 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 teaspoon minced lemongrass, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 leeks, white part, thinly sliced, 1 cup sake, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups fish fumet, Sachet of orange peel, coriander seed, cilantro stems, black peppercorn, 12 cup softened unsalted butter, 14 cup pure vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, Juice of 1 lime], title: Sauteed Diver Sea Scallops with Sake Nage, picturelink: null}, 30550: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 30551: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Use a sharp knife to make a slit through the shell along the back of each shrimp. Remove the vein, leaving the shell intact. Rinse and pat dry, then transfer to a large bowl.nWhisk 14 cup olive oil, the ginger, paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Add half of the dressing to the bowl with the shrimp and toss. Add the lemon and zucchini to the remaining dressing and toss, then spread on a large foillined baking sheet. Broil until the lemon and zucchini begin to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the shrimp and broil until the shells are pink, about 3 minutes. Turn the shrimp, lemon and zucchini and broil 3 to 4 more minutes.nWhisk the remaining 14 cup olive oil, the parsley and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Divide the shrimp, lemon and zucchini among plates and drizzle with the parsley oil. Serve with bread.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [16 jumbo shrimp, unpeeled, legs removed about 1 34 pounds, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger, 1 teaspoon hot paprika, Sea or kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 medium zucchini, cut into 2 12by12inch sticks, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Toasted sourdough bread, for serving], title: Shrimp With Charred Lemon and Zucchini, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 30552: {instructions: Tear the lettuce leaves into bitesized pieces and transfer them to a large salad bowl. Add the cucumber, tomatoes, and onion. Sprinkle with the oil, vinegar, and salt and pepper, and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, 2 to 3 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into small wedges, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, Olive oil and red wine vinegar, to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Mixed Green Salad, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 30553: {instructions: Place cabbage, onions, and apples into a baking pan. In a saucepan, combine sugar, salt, pepper, red wine vinegar and chicken stock. Heat until sugar is dissolved. Pour the liquid over the cabbage mixture. Cover and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour, until cabbage is soft., ingredients: [2 small red cabbages, quartered, 1 onion, peeled and sliced thin, 6 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored, and sliced thin, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 3 teaspoons salt, Pepper to taste, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Braised Red Cabbage and Apples, picturelink: null}, 30554: {instructions: Pour two 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk into a 9by13inch baking dish. Cover with foil and set in a large roasting pan add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the dish. Bake at 425 degrees F until slightly reduced and dark amber, about 1 hour 15 minutes. A spotted skin may form on top. Transfer to a food processor and puree until the skin dissolves and the dulce de leche is smooth. Chill until thickened, about 1 hour., ingredients: [], title: Dulce de Leche, picturelink: null}, 30555: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together the sour cream, heavy cream, and horseradish., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup horseradish], title: Horseradish Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30556: {instructions: Combine all of the brine ingredients in a large container. Add pork loin and let it brine in the refrigerator overnight.nBrown the butter in a small pan over low heat. Combine the bourbon, honey, garlic, and soy sauce in a small bowl. Set aside.nPreheat a grill to 450 degrees F.nRemove the pork loin from the brine and cut it, lengthwise, into quarters. Grill the pork strips until the internal temperature reaches approximately 120 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the pork to a cutting board and slice into 12inch sections. Reheat the browned butter over medium heat and add the pork. Stir in the bourbon mixture and saute until the pork reaches 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, approximately 5 minutes.nTransfer the pork to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup salt, 14 cup bourbon, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons peppercorns, 2 quarts water, 2 pounds pork loin, 5 tablespoons butter, 4 garlic cloves, minced], title: Pigskin Pork Fillet, picturelink: null}, 30557: {instructions: In a small saucepan heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil with the annatto seeds until the olive oil changes color it should be a mild orangered. Strain and set aside.nUsing a food processor, process the yautia and green plantain on medium speed until nice and smooth add the salt and strained annatto oil. Now you have a fresh masa place in the refrigerator.nPreheat a large Dutch oven on mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil and sofrito. Stirfry for 1 minute and add the ground beef. Brown the beef and add the Latin seasoning mix, garlic powder, onion powder and oregano mixing well. Add the beef stock and simmer on mediumlow for 10 minutes. Remove the beef from the heat, strain the raisins and add them to the beef mixture mixing well. Set aside to cool.nRemove the masa from the refrigerator and using 1 to 2 tablespoons depending on how large you want them scoop out of the bowl and into the palm of your water moistened hand patting into a round disk to prepare it for the filling the masa can be a little too pliable if you notice that you cant form a round disk, place the masa in the refrigerator to firm it up before proceeding. Add a teaspoon or more of beef mixture to the center of the masa and using a patting motion as if you were making a snow ball pat the masa around the beef to form a ball being very careful not to let the beef stick out of the plantain. Continue forming the balls until both mixtures are finished. Leftovers of either can be saved for your next meal Ill show you what to do with them in a future recipe.nPreheat a large Dutch oven on high and add enough oil to comfortably fry the Alcapurias about 2 to 3 cups. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F if you are frying them fresh if frozen, lower the temperature to 325 degrees F. When the oil has reached the desired temperature, carefully add the alcapurias 1 at a time making sure not to crowd the pan. Remove and drain on a thick bed of paper towels transfer to a cooling rack once drained and store in a warm oven until you have completed frying them all.nTo serve: Alcapurias can be placed on a dish and passed around to your guests or on a serving platter and placed on your buffet. They do not require a sauce, topping or dip of any kind. Their unique taste will carry them on your buffet all on their ownnCooks note: These can be frozen for your next gathering by placing in single rows on a baking sheet and then in your freezer until they have been partially frozen. Remove from the baking sheet and transfer to a freezer bag until ready to fry., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon annatto seeds, 1 pound yautia root vegetable, peeled and chopped, 1 medium green plantain peeled and chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons sofrito, recommended my brand Sofrito, alternatively, Goya Sofrito, 1 pound ground beef, 12 packet Latin seasoning mix recommended: Sazon, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup beef stock, recommended, boxed organic, 12 cup raisins, soaked in dark Puerto Rican rum, Oil, for frying], title: Alcapurias, picturelink: null}, 30558: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the Yukon gold and sweet potatoes in a large pot and cover with water. Add 2 teaspoons of salt and bring to a light boil over medium heat. Cook until the potatoes are tender but still retain and hold their shape, about 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and let cool until just slightly warm.nPut the purple potatoes in a medium pot and cover with water. Add 1 teaspoon of salt and bring to a light boil over medium heat. Cook until the potatoes are tender but still retain and hold their shape, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and let cool until just slightly warm.nIn a large serving bowl, combine the remaining ingredients and mix until blended. Add the potatoes and gently toss until they are completely coated., ingredients: [12 pound Yukon gold potatoes, washed and cut into 1 by 1inch pieces, 12 pound sweet potatoes, washed and cut into 1 by 1inch pieces, 12 pound purple potatoes, washed and cut into 1 by 1inch pieces, 3 scallions, sliced, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons brown mustard, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon grill seasoning], title: Tricolor Potato Salad, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 30559: {instructions: Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until browned. Transfer the bacon to a plate and pour the fat from the pot. Add 2 turns of the pan of EVOO. Pat the beef dry, then add it to the pot and cook until browned, crumbling the meat with a wooden spoon. Add the garlic, bay leaves, chile pepper, onions, cloves, a little salt and lots of pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes. Add the wine and deglaze the pan, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom. Add the beef stock and tomato paste, then stir in the crushed tomatoes and bacon. Simmer until thickened.nBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta and season with salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking liquid, then drain the pasta. Add the cooking liquid and the pasta to the sauce and toss to combine.nServe the pasta topped with cheese and parsley.nCooks Note: If you are not serving the sauce immediately, cool and store in the refrigerator. Reheat over medium heat., ingredients: [About 2 tablespoons EVOO, 4 ounces smoky bacon, chopped, 1 pound ground sirloin, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 Fresno chile pepper, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, Pinch ground cloves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, One 14ounce can Italian crushed tomatoes, 1 pound spaghetti, Grated pecorino, for serving, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Spaghetti with Bacon and Beef Sauce, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 30560: {instructions: Preheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees F.nTrim the fat evenly across the top to 14inch thick. Season the brisket liberally with the seasoning rub. Cook in the oven or smoker until the internal temperature on an instant read meat thermometer reaches 175 degrees F, about 6 to 8 hours. Remove the meat from the oven or smoker and wrap in a double layer of aluminum foil to seal in the juices. Turn the foiled meat upside down and place it back in the oven or smoker for 1 more hour. Remove and let the meat rest for 20 minutes. Slice in 14inch thick slices.nServe with jalapeno peppers andor onions on a bun or in a soft flour tortilla shell with fajita seasoning and sauce.nEnjoy, ingredients: [1 6 to 8pound beef brisket, 1 cup seasoning rub recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Magic Dust], title: Beef Brisket, picturelink: Yb0eEqXM0DugWVoHen38EIgW4oPnmIu}, 30561: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the milk, maple syrup, cinnamon, egg and a pinch of salt in a large mug until combined.nEvenly spread the butter on one side of the bread. Cut the bread into bitesize pieces and add them to the mug, pressing down lightly so all the bread pieces are submerged. Sprinkle with the chocolate chips, nestling them between the bread pieces.nMicrowave the bread mixture on high power for 2 minutes, pausing every 30 seconds. Let the French toast cool in the mug about 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 1 12 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 large egg, Kosher salt, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 slice white bread, 1 tablespoon semisweet chocolate chips], title: French Toast in a Mug, picturelink: IoxkpnHPSfkrXWIvXCWRzIG9CP49oCG}, 30562: {instructions: Put all of the ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth. Any leftover dressing will keep well in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 days in an airtight container.nPer Serving: Calories 30 Total Fat 2g Sat Fat 0g, Mono Fat 1.3g, Poly Fat 0g Protein 1g Carb 2g Fiber 1g Cholesterol 0mg Sodium 170mg, ingredients: [12 ripe avocado, peeled, 34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 scallion white and green parts, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: H7.C8jPnU1X.VVSZiPoSucGLGiCKFvO}, 30563: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven, place a baking sheet on the rack and preheat to 450 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9inch round or 8inch square baking dish with olive oil.nPulse the gouda in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the spinach, whole eggs and egg whites, ricotta, flour and nutmeg and process until well combined, about 30 seconds. Add the scallions and pulse to mix.nPour the mixture into the prepared dish and sprinkle with the parmesan and paprika. Place the quiche on the preheated baking sheet and bake until the center is just set, 25 to 30 minutes.nDrizzle the endive and walnuts lightly with olive oil and toss. Serve the quiche hot or at room temperature with the endive.nPer serving: Calories 389 Fat 24 g Saturated 12 g Cholesterol 175 mg Sodium 523 mg Carbohydrate 16 g Fiber 3 g Protein 28gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for greasing and drizzling, 4 ounces smoked gouda cheese, cut into 4 pieces, 1 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 large eggs plus 2 egg whites, 1 15ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 6 to 8 scallions, chopped, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 heads endive, sliced lengthwise, 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts], title: Crustless Spinach Quiche, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 30564: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large, heavy casserole, add the onion, chopped celery, and chopped carrot, and cook the vegetables, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the wine and reduce 1 minute. Add the chicken stock, rosemary, bay leaf, salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the chicken to the pot and bring liquid to a boil.nReduce the heat to low, cover and simmer, skimming and stirring occasionally, for about 30 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the pot and transfer to a cutting board. When cool enough to handle, remove meat from bones. Cut chicken into biteside pieces. Skim surface of cooking liquid and strain it through a sieve into a large saucepan. Add the diced vegetables, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 to 7 minutes, or until vegetables are tender.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and the cream. Add the cream mixture to the boiling stock, stirring, and simmer until lightly thickened. Add chicken to saucepan and correct the seasoning adding the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer and top with the dumplings, spacing them evenly. Cover, reduce heat to moderate and simmer until dumplings are firm to the touch and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with chives or parsley.nInto a bowl, sift the flour, baking soda, and salt. Add parsley, the pepper, and the butter and blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in just enough buttermilk to form a soft dough.nGently pat the dough into a 12inch thickness and stamp or cut into 1 12inch pieces., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 large onion, minced, 2 roughly chopped celery stalks, plus 2 stalks, diced, 2 roughly chopped small carrots, plus 1, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 6 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth, heated, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary or 1 12 teaspoons dried, crumbled, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 to 4 pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces and backbone removed, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup heavy cream or halfandhalf, Fresh lemon juice, Buttermilk dumplings, recipe follows, Minced fresh chives or parsley, as a garnish, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons minced parsley or dill, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 12 cup buttermilk, or more, if necessary], title: Chicken Soup with Buttermilk Dumplings, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 30565: {instructions: Special equipment: An ovensafe platter and bowl a pastry piping bag a deep fryer, Dutch oven or stockpotnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a large, ovensafe platter and ovensafe bowl with nonstick cooking spray.nMix the flour, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, cloves and salt in a medium bowl. In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar. Mix in the molasses and egg, and then stir in the flour mixture. Wrap in plastic wrap and let chill in the fridge for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nRoll out the chilled dough on a floured surface to about 18inch thickness. Carefully cover the platter and bowl with the dough, trimming the excess. Chill in the freezer for 20 minutes.nPlace the platter and bowl on a sheet tray and bake until just golden at the edges, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the candied walnut maple mousse:nLower the oven to 325 degrees F. Toss the walnuts, egg whites, confectioners sugar, cayenne, salt and 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder in a bowl until evenly coated. Spread on a parchmentlined sheet tray and bake until crispy and brown, about 20 minutes. Place in a food processor and process until finely ground.nSprinkle the gelatin over 14 cup water in a small bowl. Set aside. Heat the maple syrup in a small saucepan with the remaining 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder. Add the gelatin and whisk until dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nIn a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, whip the cream on medium speed until stiff peaks form. Slowly fold in the maple syrup mixture and ground walnuts, being careful not to deflate the whipped cream. Chill in the fridge until ready to serve.nFor the royal icing:nCombine the confectioners sugar and egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer with the whisk attachment. Mix slowly until stiff enough to form peaks keep beating until the icing is pure white, fluffy and shiny. Use a silicone spatula to transfer the icing to a pastry piping bag and hold it at room temperature until ready to decorate the gingerbread.nFor the cinnamon sugar tortilla chips:nPreheat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F. Alternatively, heat 3 inches of oil to 375 degrees F in a heavybottomed Dutch oven or stockpot.nMix the sugar and cinnamon together in a large bowl. Cut the tortillas lengthwise and then widthwise, creating small chips.nCarefully lower the tortillas into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Depending on the size of your fryer or pot, you maybe have to make 2 batches. Remove to a paper towellined sheet tray and then toss in the cinnamonsugar mixture until coated.nTo assemble: Using a knife or small offset spatula, remove the gingerbread from the platter and bowl. Fill the bowl with the chilled candied walnut maple mousse and arrange the cinnamon sugar tortilla chips around the bowl. Cut the tip off the pastry piping bag of royal icing and pipe festive designs around the outside of the bowl and platter, adding candies as desired. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [18 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 2 cups walnuts, 2 large egg whites, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One .25ounce packet powdered gelatin, 1 cup maple syrup, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 cup egg whites, Cinnamon Sugar Tortilla Chips:, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 8 medium flour tortillas, Candy, such as gumdrops, peppermints and marshmallows, for decorating, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon baking soda], title: Gingerbread Platter and Bowl with Candied Walnut Mousse and Cinnamon Sugar Chips, picturelink: EsBBmu6eFQnrl65VREJUp.GipbshSq}, 30566: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all of the ingredients into a spice grinder and pulse until a powder is formed, about 30 to 45 seconds. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 months., ingredients: [3 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon powdered sumac, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Zaatar, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 30567: {instructions: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or stockpot, add the onions, potatoes, fennel, salt, and pepper, and saute over medium  low heat for 15 minutes, until the onions begin to brown. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits with a wooden spoon. Add the tomatoes with their juices, stock, garlic, and saffron to the pot, bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes, until the potatoes are tender. Add the shrimp, fish, and mussels, bring to a boil, then lower the heat, cover, and cook for 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the pot to sit covered for another 5 minutes. The fish and shrimp should be cooked and the mussels opened. Discard any mussels that dont open. Stir in the Pernod, orange zest, and salt to taste. Serve ladled over one or two slices of toasted baguette., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onions 2 small, 2 cups large  diced small white potatoes, 2 cups chopped fennel 1 large bulb, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups good white wine, 1 28 ounce can plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 quart Seafood Stock recipe follows or storebought fish stock, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 3 cloves, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined use the shells for the stock, 1 pound each halibut and bass fillets, cut in large chunks, 24 mussels, cleaned, 3 tablespoons Pernod, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, Toasted baguette slices, buttered and rubbed with garlic], title: Seafood Stew, picturelink: SP9StYcfIBwo.bSPvrGsHKGkI..BMO}, 30568: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWash and dry the potatoes. Slice them into 12inch rounds and put them into a bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil add 1 tablespoon chives, salt, and pepper, and toss to coat well. Arrange the potatoes separately on the baking sheet. Roast until the potatoes are cooked through, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nIn a small bowl, mix the sour cream and horseradish.nTo assemble, top the roasted potatoes with a dollop of the sour cream mixture and a sprinkling of chives. Add a small amount of caviar with a plastic spoon. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds new red potatoes or a mixture of red and purple, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 2ounce jar caviar], title: Chive Roasted Potatoes with HorseradishSour Cream and Caviar, picturelink: null}, 30569: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the lamb shanks, tomatoes, stock, sugar, and oregano in a large baking dish and cover tightly. Bake for 45 minutes, then turn the shanks, add the lentils, and bake, covered, for a further 45 minutes or until the lamb is soft.nTo serve, spoon the lentils and shanks onto serving plates and top with the pan juices. Serve with creamy mashed potatoes if you wish.nNote: Ask your butcher to trim both ends of the shank bones for you., ingredients: [8 lamb shanks, bones trimmed see Note, 2 14ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, 4 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons oregano leaves, 2 cups du puy lentils or any green lentils], title: Lamb Shanks with Du Puy Lentils, picturelink: null}, 30570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potatoes in a deep castiron skillet with the cubes of butter and sea salt, pepper and seasoned salt to taste. Roast until brown and sizzling, turning halfway through, 30 to 40 minutes total., ingredients: [2 12 pounds red potatoes, unpeeled, cut into cubes, 1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, cut into cubes, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Seasoned salt], title: Ladds Oven Potatoes, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 30571: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine grape juice, lemon juice, butter, and pectin. Bring mixture to a rolling boil over high heat, stirring constantly. Boil for 1 minute. Add sugar and stir until dissolved. Keep stirring and bring mixture to a rolling boil and boil hard for no longer than 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and skim foam if necessary. Ladle hot jelly into hot sterilized jars leaving 14inch head space. Adjust 2piece caps. Process 5 minutes in hot boiling water canner., ingredients: [3 cups grape juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 package pectin, 4 cups sugar], title: Concord Grape Jelly, picturelink: null}, 30572: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2inch round cookie cutternPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the pizza dough into a 14inch thick round. Using a 2inch round cookie cutter, cut out 15 circles. Arrange the circles on a heavy baking sheet. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. Drizzle with olive oil and bake until golden brown, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mascarpone cheese, sour cream and capers until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon about 12 teaspoon of the mascarpone mixture into the center of each pastry round. Top with a piece of smoked salmon and press gently.nArrange the pizzettes on a platter and sprinkle with chopped chives just before serving., ingredients: [Flour, for work surface, 1 8ounce ball purchased pizza dough, Olive oil, for drizzling, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, drained, coarsely chopped and dried on paper towels, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces smoked salmon, cut into 34inch pieces, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Smoked Salmon Pizzettes, picturelink: null}, 30573: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta.nHeat the EVOO in a large skillet or pot with a tightfitting lid over medium to mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter into the oil. When the butter begins to foam, add the oregano, garlic and onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until the tomatoes have burst and the sauce is thickened, 12 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente. Reserve 12 cup of the cooking liquid, then drain the pasta.nStir the sauce, then add the feta and cook until melted, about 1 minute. Add the pasta and the reserved cooking liquid and toss to combine, 1 to 2 minutes. Top with the mint and parsley, and serve., ingredients: [Salt, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large red onion, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, halved if large, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound penne with ridges penne rigate, 12 ounces Greek feta, crumbled about 1 14 cups, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: GreekStyle Fresh Tomato Sauce, picturelink: 9MHwAwc1GwAnM4pi2ub0hRxV5weoFqy}, 30574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace Sicilian green olives in a resealable plastic bag, hit with mallet or hammer to crack the olives. Add olive oil, chili powder, parsley, garlic and vinegar. Mix well and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds green Sicilian olives, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup sweet California chili powder, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Splash sherry vinegar], title: Calabrian Cracked Olives, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 30575: {instructions: Place the strawberries in a medium bowl and sprinkle with the lemon juice and 1 tablespoon sugar gently toss and let sit for about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the glutenfree flour blend, almond flour, coconut flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda and remaining 2 tablespoons of coconut sugar. Add the butter and pulse until coarse crumbs form. Add the yogurt and vanilla pulse to combine.nOn a piece of parchment paper dusted with flour blend, pat out the dough until about 34inch thick cut into 6 equal rounds. Brush the tops with water and sprinkle with shredded coconut. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until golden, about 12 minutes let cool on the baking sheet. To serve, split the biscuits in half fill with the strawberries and their juices and whipped coconut cream.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt., ingredients: [1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups strawberries, rinsed, hulled and halved, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsweetened shredded coconut, for sprinkling, 3 tablespoons coconut sugar, Whipped coconut cream, for serving, 34 cup GlutenFree Flour Blend recipe follows, plus more for rolling the biscuits, 13 cup almond flour, 2 tablespoons coconut flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and frozen, One 6ounce container plain Greek yogurt, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt], title: GlutenFree CoconutAlmond Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 30576: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Spray five 1cup ramekins with nonstick cooking spray. In a large Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium heat until crisp. Remove from the Dutch oven and drain on paper towels. Reserve 14 cup bacon drippings in the Dutch oven, and discard any remaining drippings. Crumble the bacon set aside. Add the butter to the drippings, and heat over mediumhigh heat until the butter melts. Whisk in the flour, whisking until smooth. Whisk in the halfandhalf, and cook until the mixture is thickened and smooth, whisking constantly. Add the ground red pepper. Stir in the cream cheese and let melt. Add the pimentos and bacon. Season with the salt and pepper. Add 2 cups smoked Cheddar and 2 cups Parmesan. Spoon the pasta mixture evenly into the prepared ramekins. Top with the remaining 1 cup Cheddar and 1 cup Parmesan. Broil until cheese is lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 6 bacon slices, 14 cup 12 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups halfandhalf, 14 teaspoon ground red pepper, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, One 4ounce jar diced pimientos, drained, 12 teaspoon salt, Cracked black pepper, 1 pound small penne pasta or macaroni, cooked, drained and kept warm, 3 cups shredded smoked Cheddar, 3 cups shredded Parmesan], title: Bacon Pimento Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 30577: {instructions: Prepare White Wine Sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan and add the shallots, mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Increase heat to high, add the wine and reduce by half. Add the clam juice and again reduce by half. Strain sauce into a clean saucepan and add the cream. Bring to a boil and reduce slightly until sauce begins to thicken. Adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, Tabasco pepper sauce and lemon if needed.nPreheat the broiler as hot as possible.nBrush 4 large dinner plates lightly with olive oil. Slice the salmon in very thin escalopes and cover each plate completely with the fish.nBring 1 12 cups of the White Wine Sauce to a boil and add the cucumber, squash, tomato, and chives. Return to a boil and spoon hot sauce over each plate, covering the salmon completely. Place the plates directly under the broiler and cook 2 to 4 minutes or until sauce begins to bubble and fish is just barely cooked. Serve immediately with chervil sprinkled generously over each dish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 shallots, peeled and sliced, 4 mushrooms, thinly sliced, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 1 14 cups clam juice or fish stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Tabasco pepper sauce, Squeeze of fresh lemon, Olive oil for brushing, 1 2pound fillet of salmon, 12 cup brunoise of cucumber small dice, 12 cup brunoise of yellow summer squash small dice, 12 cup brunoise of tomato small dice, 1 small bunch chives, thinly sliced at a diagonal, 1 cup chervil leaves], title: Escalope of Salmon, picturelink: null}, 30578: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Using an electric mixer on low speed, cream the butter and both sugars together to a smooth and creamy consistency. Slowly add one egg at a time, letting each egg incorporate fully into the creamed sugar mixture before adding the next. Stop the machine, scrape down the sides of a bowl with a spatula, reset the machine on low, and add the salt, cinnamon, baking powder, and allpurpose flour. Continue mixing for several minutes until the flour is fully incorporated. With the mixer still running, add the ground almond flour and allow it to become fully incorporated before removing from the mixer.nTurn the dough out onto a board that has been dusted with flour. Pat the dough down using your hands and divide it into two pieces. Using a rolling pin, roll the first piece into a 14 inchthick rectangularshaped piece that will fit on a cookie sheet or into a 9 by 13 baking pan. Roll out the second piece of dough to the same thickness, then cut it into 12inch wide strips with a crinkleedge cutter. These strips will be used to form the lattice crust.nPlace the solid piece of dough on a lightly buttered cookie sheet or baking pan. Spread the raspberry jam evenly across the doughs surface. Use the cut strips of dough to form an open latticework crust over the top of the jam. Bake at 325 degrees for 20 minutes. Cool completely before cutting into 112to 2inch square bar cookies., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 112 cups allpurpose flour, 114 cups ground almond flour available from specialty stores, 1 cup raspberry preserves jam], title: Linzer Tart Squares, picturelink: null}, 30579: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBring the water, butter, lemon juice and saffron to a boil. Add all flour all at once and stir until the batter pulls away from the side of the saucepan. Transfer to a mixing bowl. Mix for 5 minutes, or until cool. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure that each gets incorporated before you add the next. Add the lemon zest and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Fill a piping bag fitted with a dimesize or large tip. Pipe on a baking sheet and place in oven. Cook until fully risen, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve alongside Chesapeake Bay Blue Crab Hot Pot., ingredients: [2 12 cups water, 8 ounces butter, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch saffron threads, 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 10 whole eggs, 1 lemon zest, Salt and pepper], title: Lemon Saffron Floats, picturelink: y1oIZANx7LV3eG3u8pZBNveTy26ApS}, 30580: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 dessert cups and liquid nitrogen or an ice cream makernFor the sugar cookie dough: Combine the butter, flour, sugar, egg yolk, lemon zest and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse together, adding a few splashes of ice water to make it come together. Shape the dough into a disc, wrap it in plastic and let it rest in the fridge for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the rested dough in half and roll out each piece to about 14 inch thick. Sprinkle the turbinado sugar over the dough and lightly roll over it to set it in place. Cut out 8 shapes using a round cookie cutter. Place on a sheet tray and bake until light golden, about 8 minutes. Let cool.nFor the sweetened mascarpone: Mix together the mascarpone, sugar and lemon zest and juice in a medium bowl until smooth and silky. Place in a piping bag and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the ruby red grapefruit and prosecco sorbet: Combine the grapefruit juice, prosecco and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Mix on medium speed while carefully pouring in liquid nitrogen. Pour in enough nitrogen until you achieve a sorbetlike consistency. Place the bowl in the freezer until ready to use. Alternatively, pour the grapefruit mixture into an ice cream maker and process according to the manufactureru00bfs instructions.nCombine the satsuma, orange and grapefruit segments in a large bowl. Pipe some sweetened mascarpone into the bottom of 4 dessert cups. Top with the citrus segments and a scoop of the ruby red grapefruit and prosecco sorbet. Tuck two cookies in each glass and garnish with the mint., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into peasize pieces, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Heaping 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 lemon, zested, Pinch salt, Ice water, a few splashes, Turbinado sugar, for dusting, 1 cup mascarpone, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 Meyer lemons, zested and juiced, 2 cups ruby red grapefruit juice, 1 cup prosecco, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 satsuma oranges, segmented and halved, 2 navel oranges, segmented and halved, 2 ruby red grapefruits, segmented and halved, 4 fresh mint leaves, chiffonaded], title: Citrus and Mascarpone Parfait with Grapefruit and Prosecco Granita, picturelink: HJeRBi1sXFYKN7VgGBoEI81gdBfwa}, 30581: {instructions: Heat the orange juice until it is reduced to a quarter of its original volume. Remove from heat and add orange juice concentrate. Let cool. Mix butter with juice reduction and add chili sauce. Refrigerate overnight. Put tamari, sesame seed oil, finely chopped chiles and chopped mint in a bowl and mix well. Add the scallops to the mixture and toss lightly. Set in the refrigerator for 1 12 hours. Put a large saute pan over medium heat and add peanut oil to coat the pan. Allow oil to heat up and add drained scallops flat side down. Cook for about 1 12 minutes on each side or longer if scallops are very thick. Remove from pan and set aside. When all of the scallops are cooked, heat the desired amount of butter sauce to melt and then pour over scallops. Garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange juice concentrate, 12 pound salted butter, 3 tablespoons sweet Thai chili sauce, 12 cup tamari, 2 tablespoons sesame seed oil, 34 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chiles, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs to garnish, 24 large sea scallops], title: Thai Scallops, picturelink: null}, 30582: {instructions: In a cold skillet add the extravirgin olive oil to coat the pan with a thin even layer. Add the sliced garlic and put the skillet over mediumlow heat. Let the garlic bubble in the oil and lightly brown. Remove with slotted spoon to a small bowl and reserve.nTurn the heat up a bit and add the dandelion and escarole. Cook until wilted, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the spinach and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg, to taste. Saute until tender, about 2 minutes more. Douse with lemon juice, transfer to a serving bowl and serve with the garlic chips on top., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cups chopped dandelion tops, 1 head escarole, chopped, 2 cups farm spinach sold in small bundles, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grated fresh nutmeg, to taste, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Garlic Chip Mixed Greens, picturelink: null}, 30583: {instructions: Dissolve the kosher salt and sugar in the water in large, clean bucket or stockpot. Set the turkey breast in the brine, making sure it is submerged. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or up to overnight.nRemove the turkey breast from the brine. Pat dry and set aside. Place the butter in a bowl add the sage and thyme. Season the butter well with pepper and stir to combine. Set aside.nTwenty minutes before roasting, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the turkey on a clean work surface. Using a chefs knife, remove the remaining portion of the neck and reserve it for the stock and gravy. Remove the wishbone to make carving easier set it aside with the neck for the gravy. With your hand, carefully release the skin on both breasts to form two pockets. Rub the seasoned butter under the released skin. If there is any extra butter, massage it on the outside of the skin.nPut the celery, carrots, and onions in a large roasting pan. Pour 12 cup of the chicken stock into the pan bottom to prevent the drippings from burning. Place the prepared turkey, skin side up, on top of the vegetables. Place the pan in the oven with the wide neck end toward the rear of the oven. Roast for 15 minutes, then rotate the pan back to front. Roast for 15 minutes more, until skin turns golden. Decrease the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and continue to roast, rotating the pan once more about halfway through the cooking, until the internal temperature in the thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees F to 165 degrees F, 30 to 45 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and transfer the turkey breast to a cutting board, preferably with a moat. Cover the turkey loosely with aluminum foil. Pour the remaining 2 cups chicken stock into a saucepan. Add the reserved neck and wishbone and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to simmer.nPlace the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour to the pan drippings and stir until well combined. Strain the warmed stock over the flourvegetable combination and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to simmer and cook until thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Strain the mixture into a saucepan the saucepan that held the stock is fine to use, pressing on the vegetables to get every drop and all the flavor. Check and make sure the sauce is thick enough to coat a spoon if not, continue simmering the sauce until the correct consistency is achieved. If its too thick, add a little water or additional stock.nCarve the turkey breast and plate on a warm platter. Add any juices that run into the moat to the gravy. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper and serve with the gravy on the side.nCombine 3 cups cranberries and 34 cup sugar in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally,until the berries release their juices, about 8 minutes. Add the juice of 2 oranges about 12 cup, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 cinnamon stick, and 1 star anise. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Peel 3 firm pears, then core and cut into 12inch dice and add to the chutney with the finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon. Decrease the heat to mediumlow and cook until the mixture thickens and the pears are tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool completely. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 gallons water, 1 whole bonein, skinon turkey breast 6 to 7 pounds, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon very finely chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon very finely chopped fresh thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 celery stalks, chopped, 3 carrots, cut into chunks, 3 onions, preferably Vidalia, quartered, 2 12 cups homemade chicken stock or reducedfat, lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Coarse salt, Pear and Cranberry Chutney, recipe follows, optional], title: Brined Roast Turkey Breast with Herb Pan Gravy, picturelink: null}, 30584: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the pancetta into 12inch cubes and cook it in a skillet over mediumlow heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until browned and crisp. Remove to paper towels and drain.nPlace the tomatoes on a baking sheet and coat with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until soft.nWash the lettuce leaves carefully and spindry in a salad spinner. Stack the leaves on a cutting board and cut them crosswise into 1 12inch slices. Place them in a large mixing bowl.nFor the dressing, place the egg yolks, mustard, garlic, anchovies, lemon juice, salt, and pepper into the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process until smooth. With the food processor running, slowly pour the olive oil through the feed tube as though you were making mayonnaise, until thick. Add the grated Parmesan cheese and pulse 3 times.nToss the lettuce with enough dressing to moisten well. Add 1 cup grated Parmesan and toss. Divide the lettuce among 6 or 8 plates and sprinkle with the pancetta roasted tomatoes. Serve at room temperature.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nAll these ingredients can be made in advance. Be sure theyre room temperature when you assemble the salad.nIf youre nervous about raw egg yolks, substitue 2 tablespoons of real mayonnaise.nPancetta is Italian bacon. You can find it in your Italian grocery or a specialty food store. Insist that its vut 12inch thick., ingredients: [34 pound pancetta, sliced 12inch thick, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large heads romaine lettuce, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 extralarge egg yolk at room temperature, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped, 8 to 10 anchovy fillets optional, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good mild olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Caesar Salad with Pancetta, picturelink: null}, 30585: {instructions: Add shallot and vinegar to a small bowl. Slowly whisk in olive oil to emulsify. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nAdd mache and butter lettuce to each plate. Dress with the vinaigrette right before serving. Garnish each serving with pomegranate seeds.nYou can substitute dried cranberries if you cannot find pomegranate. Dress the salad right before serving. If you serve it too early, it will get soggy for your guests., ingredients: [1 small shallot, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4ounce package mache, 2 small heads butter lettuce, 14 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Butter Lettuce, Mache and Pomegranate Seeds Dressed with Champagne Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 30586: {instructions: Generously butter a large bowl. Set aside. Place 1 cup milk in a small saucepan, over medium heat. Heat until a candy thermometer registers 110 degrees F. Pour milk into bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the dough hook. With machine on low speed, add granulated sugar, yeast, 2 teaspoons salt, butter, cinnamon, nutmeg, and whole eggs. Add flour, 1 cup at a time, and mix on low speed until a soft, slightly sticky dough forms around dough hook. Continue kneading, scraping down hook and sides of bowl as necessary, until smooth, about 4 minutes more.nAdd currants knead, with dough hook, to incorporate. Turn dough out onto a heavily floured surface. Knead briefly to evenly distribute currants in dough. Shape into a ball. Place dough in prepared bowl. Turn to coat with butter. Cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour and 20 minutes.nGenerously butter an 11 by17 inch baking pan. Set aside. Turn dough out onto work surface. Knead briefly and divide dough into 24 equal pieces about 2 ounces each. Shape each into a tightly formed ball. Place on prepared pan, spacing 12inch apart. Cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until buns are touching and doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.nHeat oven to 375 degrees F with rack positioned in center.nIn a small bowl, whisk together 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon water, and a pinch of salt. Brush tops of buns with egg wash. Using scissors or a very sharp, buttered slicing knife, cut a cross into the top of each bun.nBake until golden brown, 18 to 25 minutes. Rotate front to back after 10 minutes to ensure even color. Transfer pan to a wire rack. Cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Whisk together remaining tablespoon milk, confectioners sugar, and lemon juice. Pipe or ladle glaze over buns., ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for bowl, pan, and knife, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 packages 4 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, plus a pinch, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 13 cups currants, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon water, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Hot Cross Buns, picturelink: null}, 30587: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 9inch pie plate with pie dough and crimp as desired chill 30 minutes. Line with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the crust is set, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until lightly golden, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let cool while you prepare the filling.nMake the filling: Put the asparagus, cherry peppers and onions in a large bowl. Add the bacon and jarlsberg and toss to combine.nWhisk the eggs, heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the paprika, chile powder or lemon zest, if desired. Spread the vegetablecheese mixture in the crust, then pour the egg mixture on top. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake until the filling is set, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool at least 30 minutes before slicing.nPulse the flour, salt and sugar in a food processor. Add about onethird of the butter process until the butter is combined. Pulse in the remaining butter in 5 or 6 pulses to form coarse crumbs. Add the vinegar pulse quickly a few times while adding 13 cup ice water. Squeeze some dough between your fingers. It should just hold its shape if its still crumbly, quickly pulse in more ice water by the tablespoonful. Do not overwork the dough.nTurn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Wrap the dough, then press and flatten into a thin round. Refrigerate 1 hour.nRoll out the dough into an 11to12inch round, about 18 inch thick, on a lightly floured surface. Center over a 9inch pie plate. Fold in the edges and crimp as desired. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Storebought or Homemade Pie Dough, recipe follows, 13 cup chopped roasted asparagus, 13 cup roughly chopped jarred cherry peppers, 13 cup sauteed sliced onions, 12 cup crumbled cooked bacon, 34 to 1 cup shredded jarlsberg cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups heavy cream, halfandhalf or milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika or chile powder, or some grated lemon zest optional, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, diced and chilled, 4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar], title: Asparagus, Cherry Pepper and Bacon Quiche, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 30588: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Remove the stems from the chard but keep the leaves whole. Add the chard to the boiling water the pot will be packed at first and cook for 10 minutes. Drain in a colander and run under cool water. Drain again, then wrap the chard in a kitchen towel and squeeze to remove the excess water. Chop the chard.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Simmer until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Adjust the seasonings to taste. Stir in 13 cup Roasted Garlic Paste.nSpread half the chard in the bottom of a medium casserole dish. Top with half the garlic sauce and half the cheese. Repeat the layers, ending with the cheese. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove the casserole from the oven and turn on the broiler.nHalve the bread lengthwise, then cut in half crosswise to make four 12inchlong pieces. Broil the bread, cutside up, until charred, about 1 minute. Slather with the remaining Roasted Garlic Paste and top each piece with onequarter of the chard au gratin. Cut each pizza in half and serve.nThe unbaked chard au gratin can covered be and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Bring to room temperature, then bake as directed.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange the garlic in a cluster on a large piece of foil and drizzle with 14 cup EVOO. Wrap up the garlic in the foil to make a tightly sealed pouch. Roast until very tender, about 45 minutes. Let cool, then squeeze the garlic from the skins into a food processor. Add the remaining 34 cup EVOO and the honey and season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth, then transfer to a small container. Alternatively, you can mash the garlic paste with a fork instead of using a food processor., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 14 to 2 12 pounds Swiss chard or rainbow chard 3 or 4 large bunches, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups whole milk, Freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 13 recipe Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows or 2 heads roasted garlic, 2 cups shredded ParmigianoReggiano, One 24inch loaf French bread or 2 smaller loaves 3 inches wide, 6 heads garlic, tops trimmed off to expose all of the cloves, 1 cup EVOO, 3 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Swiss Chard au Gratin French Bread Pizzas, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 30589: {instructions: Cook the chestnuts in butter over medium heat for about 10 minutes stirring constantly until browned. Remove pan from fire, add brandy and return to burner to flame the brandy. Add chicken stock and cook until glazed. Reserve.nMushroom Sauce:nSaute onion and garlic in oil for 5 minutes to soften. Add button mushrooms and white wine. Reduce the liquid, add water and thyme. Cook 10 minutes on low heat. Pour all ingredients into a blender and puree, strain and season with salt and pepper. Return to a medium heat and whisk in creme fraiche.nBring a large pot of boiling, salted water to a boil. Add the pasta sheets and cook until al dente, about 4 minutes.nIn a small saute pan, heat some olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the sage leaves and fry until crispy, about 30 seconds. Remove and drain on paper towels.nPlace 1 large spoon full of butternut squash puree on a plate. Place 1 pasta sheet on top of the puree and push down. Place 1 large spoonful of acorn squash puree on the pasta sheet and top with one more pasta sheet. Spoon some sauce around and place 4 chestnuts in the sauce. Grate some amaretti cookie over the pasta top with fried sage leaf.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace all spices and water in a pan. Put squash flat side down on a wire rack or steaming basket above water. Cover with foil and bake 1 hour, until tender. Remove meat and puree with the mascarpone in food processor. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut squash in 14s. Drizzle with olive oil, salt and pepper. Place on flat sheet tray. Roast until tender, about 35 minutes. Remove meat from squash. Heat a saute pan over medium heat. Add the butter and cook until the butter has browned and smells nutty, about 5 minutes. Puree squash, butter, sage leaves, garlic and salt and pepper, to taste, in food processor., ingredients: [16 peeled chestnuts, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup brandy, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 onion, sliced, 2 clove garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 button mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup dried porcini mushrooms, soaked in water until soft, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups water, 2 sprigs thyme, 14 cup creme fraiche, 8 2 12inch round fresh pasta sheets, Olive oil, 4 sage leaves, Butternut Squash Puree, recipe follows, Acorn Squash Puree, recipe follows, 1 amaretti cookie, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 cloves, 1 1inch piece ginger diced, 2 quarts water, 2 medium butternut squash, cut in half seeds scooped out, 2 tablespoons mascarpone, Salt and pepper, 2 acorn squash, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 sage leaves, julienne, 4 cloves garlic], title: Open Style Lasagna of Squash and Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 30590: {instructions: Finely grind coriander seeds in an electric coffeespice grinder or with a mortar and pestle.nBring water, 2 tablespoons oil, and salt to a boil in a 1 12 to 2quart heavy saucepan. Stir in couscous and coriander seeds, then cover pan and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes.nFluff couscous with a fork and stir in remaining tablespoon oil, apricots, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and cooled, 1 13 cups water, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup couscous about 6 ounces, 13 cup dried California apricots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Couscous with Apricots, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 30591: {instructions: Finely grind cornmeal in blender, 14 cup at a time. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in cheese, 2 tablespoons butter and salt. Add enough boiling water to mixture to make very thick batter. Stir in corn.nHeat griddle or large skillet over medium heat with some of remaining melted butter. Working in batches and using 1 tablespoon batter for each corn cake, drop batter onto skillet and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Serve hot., ingredients: [34 cup yellow cornmeal, 13 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup boiling water, 23 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed], title: Corn and Cheese Arepas, picturelink: null}, 30592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out 1 sheet of the pie crust and put in a 9inch pie plate, crimping the edges for a pretty presentation. Roll out the other sheet and cut into 12inch thick strips with a sharp knife or pastry wheel. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix together all of the filling ingredients and pour into the crust.nArrange the strips over the top of the pie in a lattice pattern, tucking in the edges, or layer the circular shapes on top of the strawberries. Brush the top with the melted butter and sprinkle the sanding sugar. Bake the pie for 25 minutes and then reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F. and bake until the top is golden brown, another 30 minutes. Let cool before serving with Strawberry Whipped Cream, if desired.nBeat the heavy cream in a medium bowl until thick. Add the vanilla and confectioners sugar and continue to beat until soft peaks appear. Add the jam, a little at a time, and beat until stiff peaks are formed., ingredients: [2 sheets rollout pie crust, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, White sanding sugar, for top of crust, 5 cups strawberries, washed and hulled, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch salt, Strawberry Whipped Cream, recipe follows, optional, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 cup strawberry jam], title: Neelys Strawberry Pie, picturelink: dczwMF45TQrN1bd07pG3dT9XvgArRIC}, 30593: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the calamari: Roughly chop 3 of the calamari tubes and add to a food processor with the shrimp and garlic. Pulse into a coarse paste. Remove to a large bowl and add the spinach, eggs, breadcrumbs, cheese, herbs, and crushed red pepper. Season with salt and stir to combine. The mixture should be a little chunky but moist and holding together. Test the seasoning of the mix by making a mini patty, cooking it in a small pan, and eating it. It should taste really good If it doesnt, it is probably missing salt. Add more salt, as needed. Divide the stuffing among the remaining 8 calamari bodies and secure closed with toothpicks.nFor the sauce: Coat a large, wide skillet or saucepan with olive oil and add the onions and crushed red pepper. Season with salt and put the skillet over medium heat. Saute the onions until they are soft and aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, another 2 minutes. Stir in the wine and cook until the wine has reduced by half. Pass the tomatoes through a food mill or puree them in a food processor and add them with 1 cup of water to the skillet. Season with salt, to taste, and simmer the sauce for 15 minutes.nAdd the calamari to the skillet and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, turning them over halfway through the cooking time. Remove the calamari from the skillet and remove the toothpicks. Reduce the sauce to thicken, if needed. Arrange the calamari on a serving platter and cover with the sauce before serving., ingredients: [11 5 to 6 inches long calamari tubes, cleaned, divided, 12 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and coarsely chopped, 2 cups coarsely chopped baby spinach, 2 eggs, 12 to 34 cup breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 bunch fresh oregano, leaves chopped, 2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large or 2 small onions, finely diced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes], title: Braised Calamari Stuffed with Shrimp, Spinach, and Herbs, picturelink: CiOuNZaye2iRUohK59y0WbEcWZPwIau}, 30594: {instructions: Combine pork, venison, salt, black pepper, sage, basil, chili powder, Cajun spices, onion powder, cayenne pepper, and mustard in a large bowl and mix well. Form into patties, logs, or fill sausage casings.nHeat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Cook sausage until browned and cooked through., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground venison, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons dried sage, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon Cajun spices, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon mustard recommended: Colemans, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil], title: Venison Pork Sausage, picturelink: w1DmspcrHruEQeH6mpvaKt4qNo228zW}, 30595: {instructions: Puree the anchovy, mustard, and garlic in food processor or blender, to form a paste then blend in the olive oil in a stream. Grind some pepper onto the steaks. Rub the steak thoroughly with the marinade and let the steaks marinate in the refrigerator for 2 days. Grill the steaks to desired temperature., ingredients: [3 prime ribeyes steaks, cut 2 12 inches thick, 10 ounces canned anchovies, drained and patted dry, 6 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 4 tablespoons fresh crushed garlic, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled RibEye with Anchovies, Mustard and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 30596: {instructions: For the honey syrup: In a small saucepan, heat the honey with 13 cup water until it just comes to a simmer. Cool completely.nFor the gold rush cocktail: Place 1 large ice cube in each of 4 rocks glasses. Combine the bourbon and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker with 12 cup honey syrup and some ice. Shake and strain into the glasses, garnish with the mint and serve., ingredients: [23 cup honey, 1 cup bourbon, such as Elijah Craig, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 sprigs fresh mint, for garnish], title: Gold Rush Cocktail, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 30597: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the spinach and garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the spinach is wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mixture to a blender or food processor, pour in 14 cup hot water and pulse until pureed. Set aside.nIn a large soup pot, cook the onions in the butter over medium heat until the onions begin to soften. Sprinkle the flour over the top and stir to combine. Cook for about 2 minutes, then pour in the milk, stirring occasionally. Add the salt, cayenne and some black pepper and stir to combine. Cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour in the pureed spinach, then cook until thickened, another 3 to 5 minutes.nCheck the seasonings, adding more salt, black pepper or cayenne as needed. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 10 ounces fresh spinach, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 12 medium onion, chopped, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, or more to taste, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Soup, picturelink: LfQd1s4RaIQ12NxEFoD1YTPyH.q0La}, 30598: {instructions: Combine the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer. Beat with the whisk attachment on medium speed until the mixture is thick and very pale in color and forms a ribbon when the whisk is lifted, about 5 minutes. With the mixer running, drizzle in the olive oil beat for 2 more minutes. Add the milk and cream and continue to beat until all the ingredients are combined. Freeze the mixture in a gelato machine according to the manufacturers instructions.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Olive Oil Gelato, picturelink: null}, 30599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cantaloupe, sugar, mint and 2 cups water into a blender. Process until smooth, about 1 minute. Strain into a pitcher full of ice. Serve cold.nYou can also use this as a base for a cocktail, shaking 13 cup of the agua fresca with a shot glass of vodka in a martini shaker, if desired., ingredients: [4 cups cantaloupe, peeled, seeded and chopped, 12 cup sugar or 13 cup agave nectar use more or less depending on ripeness of the cantaloupe, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, Ice, Vodka, optional], title: MelonMint Agua Fresca, picturelink: JED3PuVMfbtDxrPoyJ9K8.SYuCxGvnG}}