{30600: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook for a couple of minutes. Add the bacon and cook for another minute or so, and then add the bell peppers and cook for a couple of minutes. Finally, add the corn and cook for a minute.nSprinkle the flour evenly over the top and stir to combine. Pour in the chicken stock and stir well. Allow this to thicken for 3 or 4 minutes, and then reduce the heat to low. Stir in the halfandhalf, and then cover and allow to simmer and thicken for 15 minutes or so.nStir in the cheeses and green onions. When the cheese is melted and the soup is hot, check seasonings. Add salt and pepper as needed. Ladle into the bread bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 1 whole onion, chopped, 3 slices bacon, cut into pieces, 3 whole bell peppers, finely diced red, yellow, orange, 5 ears corn, kernels sliced off, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups chicken stock or broth, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 heaping cup grated Monterey Jack, 1 heaping cup grated pepper Jack, 13 cup sliced green onions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bread bowls, hollowed out], title: Corn and Cheese Chowder, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 30601: {instructions: You must have a nonstick skillet or this wont work. Whisk sugar, flour, baking powder and 14 teaspoon salt together. Beat milk with eggs and vanilla and whisk this into batter let stand while you cook the apples.nMelt the butter in a large skillet. When foaming subsides, add the apples, cover and cook gently for 5 minutes or until soft. Uncover, raise the heat and evaporate the moisture. When the moisture has almost completely evaporated, add the sugar and finish boiling the juices away.nPreheat the broiler with rack set 6 to 7 inches away from heat source.nOil the bottom and sides of a 10inch nonstick pan with butter or nonstick vegetable cooking spray and heat for a minute. Add 13 cup of batter to the pan and tilt so it is well coated. Set skillet on very low heat and cook for 30 seconds. Gently arrange about 14 of the apple mixture on the first pancake. Pour in 13 cup more batter over the apples to cover them as best as possible. Cook pancake for a minute over medium heat, lower the heat and cook 2 minutes longer. Broil for about 3 minutes or until pancake is cooked through and golden. With a spatula loosen pancake around the edges and transfer to a platter cover loosely with foil until all 4 pancakes are done or serve immediately. Repeat procedure with other 3 pancakes serve dusted with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Salt, 1 14 cups milk, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds or 4 Golden Delicious or Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, quartered and cut into 18inch slices, 1 tablespoon sugar mixed with 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Apple Filled Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 30602: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking or jelly roll pan generously with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the cream and eggs in a large bowl and whisk until thoroughly combined. Whisk in some salt and pepper. Pour the egg mixture onto the prepared pan and carefully place in the oven. Cook for 6 to 7 minutes, and then sprinkle with the cheese and cook until the eggs are set but not browned, another 6 to 7 minutes. Cut into 12 equal squares. Set aside.nMeanwhile, in a 12inch skillet set over medium heat, add the sausage patties and press down until smashed. Cook until slightly charred and no longer pink in the middle, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the patties and let drain on a paper towellined plate.nTo build the sandwiches, layer the bottom of each English muffin with a piece of egg and sausage and cover with the English muffin top. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Individually wrap each sandwich tightly in plastic wrap, place in a resealable bag and freeze.nTo reheat, remove the plastic from the sandwich, wrap in a paper towel and heat in a microwave until totally defrosted and hot, about 2 minutes, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying pan, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup grated aged Cheddar, 1 package cylindrical pork breakfast sausage, cut into 12 patties, 12 English muffins, lightly toasted], title: Sausage and Egg JeffMuffins, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 30603: {instructions: Place ingredients in a spice grinder. Pulse to combine.nPlace ingredients in a spice grinder. Pulse to combine.nYield: about 14 cup, ingredients: [3 lemons, zested, 3 tablespoons Maldon salt, 1 tablespoon cumin, 3 tablespoons Maldon salt, 34inch piece fresh chile, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons Maldon salt], title: Flavored Salt, picturelink: null}, 30604: {instructions: Toast nuts on sheet pan for 10 minutes in a preheated 350 degrees F oven.nMelt butter with cayenne, sugar and rosemary. Put toasted nuts in large saute pan, add butter mixture, lemon zest, salt and stir over medium heat until thoroughly mixed and butter cooks away. Adjust seasoning, as needed. Serve in paper cones with fresh rosemary garnish., ingredients: [4 cups mixed, raw unsalted nuts, 4 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Brown sugar, to taste, 14 cup fresh rosemary, leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 lemons, zested, Maldon sea salt or fleur de sel], title: Nutcracker Cones, picturelink: null}, 30605: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water on the stove to boil. In a frying pan, add 4 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, artichoke hearts and lemon and saute until artichokes are caramelized. Then add white wine simmer until wine is reduced 23. Fold in butter. Add peas, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with parsley.nCook pasta, strain in colander and add 1 tablespoon olive oil so pasta wont stick.nPour sauce over pasta. Add cheese and toss., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, 1 bag frozen artichoke hearts, 12 lemon, 1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 box frozen peas, Salt and pepper, 12 cup parsley, 2 pounds angel hair pasta, 8 ounces camembert cheese], title: Pasta with Camembert Cheese, picturelink: null}, 30606: {instructions: 1 Place all sauce ingredients into a food processor or blender and blitz until slightly chopped, but not smooth. Set aside.n2 Saute pancetta in EVOO until just beginning to crisp then add in the garlic and shallot. Cook until soft 2 minutes. Splodge into a bowl and add in the breadcrumbs, parsley, black pepper and stir. When completely cooled, add in the Parmesan and whisked eggs combine well.n3 Line a baking dish with a sheet of 18 wide heavyduty aluminium foil. Spray with nonstick spray. Working with one at a time, lay a beef slice on a clean surface and sprinkle with a bit of salt. Scoop 16th of the stuffing and place at the fattest end. Now roll up, but not tightly because the stuffing will expand. No need to secure with toothpicks. Place into the baking dish, seam side down, as you roll them up. Add a glug of wine to the dish then spoon sauce around the beef rolls to come half way up the sides. Cover with foil. The braciola can be stashed in the refrigerator or freezer at this point or baked immediately.n4 When ready to bake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place covered braciola into the oven and bake for 90 minutes to 2 hours slightly longer if baking from frozen keep covered with foil the entire time. Make sure that the tomato sauce does not dry out if it does, add some water., ingredients: [Sauce:, 28 oz can plain, chopped tomatoes with juice, 1 large clove garlic, peeled, 14 teaspoon sea or kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Braciola:, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil  EVOO, 4 ounces pancetta, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large shallot, minced, 1 cup Panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup chopped parsley, Freshly cracked black pepper, 6 ounces Parmigiano Reggiano, grated, 3 eggs, whisked, 6 large slices beef round or any lean, slowcooking cut, pounded thin about 8x3, Splash of dry wine red or white], title: Beef Braciola, picturelink: 4Ga74k55k4b7pu2NPzEJ37sTDOsWS0y}, 30607: {instructions: Scald soy milk and syrups. Mix egg replacer and water until foamy and add to milk and syrup mixture and cook until thickened. Blend tofu in food processor until smooth and add to thickened syrup mixture with rest of ingredients. Cook for 2 minutes and remove from heat. Cool, ingredients: [1 quart soy milk, 1 cup barley malt syrup, 2 cups brown rice syrup, 5 tablespoons egg replacer, 14 cup water, 1 10 12ounce package silken tofu, firm, 1 12 pounds flaked coconut, 3 cups pecans, 6 tablespoons arrowroot], title: NonDairy German Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: null}, 30608: {instructions: Rinse the mussels under cold running water while scrubbing with a vegetable brush. Discard any with broken shells. Heat oil in a 6 to 8quart stockpot. Saute the shallot, garlic and thyme to create a base flavor. Add the mussels and give them a good toss. Add wine, lemon juice, chicken broth and red pepper flakes cover the pot and steam over mediumhigh for 5 minutes until the mussels open. Toss in the tomato, parsley and butter, recover the pot, and steam for another minute to soften. The tomatoes should keep their shape. Serve with plenty of grilled garlic bread to sop up the broth., ingredients: [4 pounds mussels, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, 2 garlic cloves, shaved, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup chicken broth, lowsodium, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and cut in large dice, 12 cup roughly chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Steamed Mussels, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 30609: {instructions: Combine the apple cider, brown sugar, nutmeg, vanilla seeds and orange zest in a medium saucepan over medium heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Divide among heatproof mugs, top with a splash of bourbon if desired and a few dollops of whipped cream., ingredients: [6 cups apple cider, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, A few gratings nutmeg, Seeds from 1 vanilla bean, One 2inch piece orange zest, 34 cup bestquality bourbon, optional, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Bourbon Apple Hot Toddy, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 30610: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sandwiches: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nAssemble 4 sandwiches by spreading 2 tablespoons fig jam on 2 of the multigrain slices and 2 of the brioche slices, then adding 2 slices of cheese to each and another slice of the same bread. Spread the butter on both sides of the assembled sandwiches.nPlace the sandwiches carefully onto the grates of the grill and grill on each side until the bread has grill marks and the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes per side.nFor the salad and dressing: Meanwhile, whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, balsamic glaze, honey, salt, pepper and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add the mixed greens, tomatoes and basil to the same bowl and toss to coat.nServe each sandwich with a side of salad., ingredients: [12 cup fig jam, 4 slices multigrain bread thick, handcut, 4 slices brioche bread, 8 slices aged Cheddar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, softened, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon balsamic glaze, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 pinches salt, 2 pinches freshly ground black pepper, 13 lemon, juiced, One 5ounce container mixed greens, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup fresh basil, torn], title: OntheGrill Grilled Cheese, picturelink: q0w3QEh.hYYfgWIGRG5qUEkjraBbebO}, 30611: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix butter and sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl twice. Add egg, and mix on high speed to combine. Add zest, and mix to combine.nIn a bowl, whisk together the flour, ground ginger, baking soda, salt, and crystallized ginger, and add it to butter mixture. Mix on mediumlow speed to combine, about 20 seconds.nUsing 2 spoons, drop about 2 teaspoons of batter on the prepared baking sheets. Repeat until no dough remains, spacing each cookie 2 inches apart. Bake for 7 minutes., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup crystallized ginger, cut into 18inch dice], title: Ginger Lemon Cookies, picturelink: null}, 30612: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deep pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery and onions and saute until the veggies begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the potatoes and toss with a good pinch of salt. Add the chicken stock and simmer until the potatoes soften, about 20 minutes. Then add the milk and butter, and stir until the butter melts.nAt this point you have a few options. If you have an immersion blender, simply stick the wand in the pot and give it a few whizzes, blending some of the soup until its nice and creamy. Youll still want a good amount of potato chunks in the soup, so dont go overboard, like I tend to do.nYou can also scoop out about 2 cups of the soup and transfer it to a blender or food processor. Blend until creamy and transfer it back to the soup pot.nOr, you can simply mash a few of the potatoes with a potato masher, leaving it on the slightly chunkier side. Its up to younAfter youve creamified it, give it another taste and add plenty of salt and pepper if needed.nScoop out a little for the kids and keep it simple for them with shredded Cheddar and a kiss of chives Chives are optional, of course. As for you, adult faces, load up your bowls with plenty of chopped bacon, Cheddar, little dollops of sour cream, sliced jalapenos and chives, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 celery stalks, sliced, 12 large red onion, diced, 3 russet potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and pepper, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, Finely chopped fresh chives or scallions, for garnish, 4 slices cooked bacon, chopped, Sour cream, for garnish, 1 thinly sliced jalapeno], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Creamy, Cheesy Potato Soup, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 30613: {instructions: For the granola: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Mix oats, almonds, flax seeds, brown sugar, salt and cinnamon in a bowl. In a saucepan warm the oil and honey. Whisk in the vanilla extract. Pour the honey, oil, vanilla mixture over the oat mixture and mix gently, but well. Mix with spatula and eventually your hands. Spread out onto a sheet pan and bake for 40 minutes stir after the first 20. Cool and break up any clumps. Mix in dried fruit.nYield: about 9 cupsnFor the berry swirl: Add berries, lemon juice and confectioners sugar in a pan over medium heat. Cook until the berries break down and mixture becomes syrupy, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the lemon yogurt: Combine the yogurt, zest and juice in a mixing bowl and stir. To serve, set up glasses and layer with granola, yogurt and berries., ingredients: [4 cups oats NOT quickcook or instant, 112 cups whole almonds, shelled, but skin still on, 12 cup flax seeds, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup neutral cooking oil canola, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups raisins or dried cranberries, 1 cup diced dried apricots, 12 cup dried banana slices, 3 cups mixed berries any combination strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries frozen, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 cups lowfat vanilla yogurt, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Lemon Yogurt Berry Swirl with Homemade Granola, picturelink: 1dkLE2e6gLa2tfItPiIG8qcuyL3jFNi}, 30614: {instructions: For the frosting: Whisk the sugar and flour together in a small saucepan. Mash 2 containers about 2 12 cups blackberries with the lemon juice in a small bowl with a fork. Strain through a finemesh strainer into the saucepan and whisk with the sugarflour mixture until evenly combined. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring constantly, until the jam is thickened to the consistency of thick pudding, about 3 minutes. Scrape the frosting base into a bowl and place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the mixture. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.nFor the cake: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9inch round cake pans, then line the bottoms with parchment paper and butter and flour the paper. Set aside.nPour the corn and beer into a blender and puree until smooth, at least 1 minute. Reserve the puree in the blender.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl until evenly combined. Combine the butter, sugar and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition, until smooth. Alternately, add the flour mixture and the beercorn puree, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, until the batter is smooth. Divide the batter between the prepared pans, smoothing the tops with an offset spatula, then bake until a cake tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes.nLet the cakes cool in the pans for 20 minutes, then invert them onto a cooling rack and remove the parchment paper. Let the cakes cool completely, then split each in half horizontally so you have 4 even thin cake layers.nBeat the butter, vanilla and salt for the frosting with an electric mixer on medium speed until lightened and creamy, about 1 minute. Stir the frosting base with a rubber spatula, then add a third of it to the bowl and beat on mediumhigh speed until incorporated. Add the remaining base and beat until fluffy, lightened and whipped, about 3 minutes more.nCenter a cake layer on a cake plate and spread about 12 cup frosting over the cake with an offset spatula or butter knife. Repeat with 2 more cake layers and frosting, then top with the last cake layer. Scrape the remaining frosting onto the cake and spread it evenly over the top and sides. Halve the remaining blackberries and decorate the top of the cake with them. Refrigerate the cake until the frosting has firmed, at least 30 minutes or up to overnight, before serving., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 34 cups blackberries three 6ounce containers, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing pans, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pans see Cooks Note, One 15ounce can creamed corn, One 12ounce bottle pilsner, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs], title: Blackberry and Sweet Corn Pilsner Cake, picturelink: M8OHeS7EbN4K2dipLP6Xxw76RYJNUq}, 30615: {instructions: In preheated oven, broil bread slices until golden rub with garlic, then brush with olive oil. Evenly spoon unheated sauce over bread, then top with your favorite bruschetta toppings and enjoynHere are a few suggestions for bruschetta toppings or create your own:nSliced fresh mozzarella with chopped fresh basil.nSauteed sliced portobello mushrooms and fresh basil.nSliced fresh mozzarella with prosciutto and fresh basil.nSliced cooked chicken and feta cheese, olives and fresh thyme.nSliced fresh mozzarella with sliced or chopped roasted red peppers or sundried tomatoes and chopped fresh basil., ingredients: [2 loaves Italian or French bread, diagonally cut into 34inch slices, 2 large cloves garlic, 13 cup Bertolliu00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, bruschetta toppings], title: Bertolli Bruschetta, picturelink: c73sdPCEualY1ueBuBTtByjrWBVv4va}, 30616: {instructions: Mix all ingredients, then add to pie crust. Add top crust and prick with fork. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and bake pie 10 minutes. Lower temperature to 350 degrees. Bake 40 minutes more., ingredients: [3 12 cups cranberries, chopped, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 tablespoon flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons melted butter or margarine, 1 9inch pie crust and 1 crust for top, Orange sherbet], title: Cranberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 30617: {instructions: Peel, quarter, and core apples. Cut quarters crosswise into 14inch thick slices. Peel potato. Cut potato, onion, celery, and carrot into 12inch cubes. Coarsely chop garlic. Peel gingerroot and coarsely chop.nIn a 6 quart heavy kettle saute apples, potato, onion, celery, carrot, garlic, and gingerroot with coriander and curry powder in oil over moderately high heat, stirring frequently, until onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Add stock and simmer, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes. Cool soup 20 minutes.nIn a blender puree soup in batches use caution when blending hot liquids and pour through a fine sieve into a heatproof bowl. Cool soup, uncovered. Chill soup, covered, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days. Stir cream into soup and season with salt and pepper.nServe soup topped with beet relishnPeel beet, apple, and onion and cut into 14inch dice. In a heavy saucepan heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute beet, apple, and onion until onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in wine, vinegar, and honey and simmer relish, covered, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Transfer relish to a heatproof bowl and cool. Chill relish, covered, at least 4 hours and up to 1 week.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [2 Granny Smith apples, 1 medium boiling potato, 1 medium onion, 1 celery rib, 1 carrot, 4 garlic cloves, 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves, 1 12 tablespoons curry powder, preferably West Indian, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Beet relish, recipe follows, 1 medium beet, 1 Granny Smith apple, 1 medium onion, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon honey], title: Chilled Apple Curry Soup with Beet Relish, picturelink: null}, 30618: {instructions: Preheat fryer to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl, season the onions with salt. Add flour and toss until well coated. Shake off excess flour. Deepfry the onions until golden brown. Remove and drain on plate lined with paper towels. Set aside and keep warm.nSeason steaks with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, combine the 2 mustards. Brush 1 side with mustard and lightly flour the same side. In a heavy saute pan, heat the peanut oil and 1 tablespoon of butter. Sear meat, flour side down first, for about 2 minutes or until golden brown. Turn over meat and saute for another 2 minutes. Meat should be mediumrare. Transfer to a plate and keep warm.nDeglaze pan with lemon juice or balsamic vinegar and stock. Reduce by half. Finish sauce with the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and minced herbs.nTo serve: Place each ribeye steak on a warm plate, nappe with the sauce, and top with crispy onions., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 2 onions, thinly sliced, Salt, 1 cup flour, 4 6ounce rib eye steaks, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon each Dijon mustard and grainy mustard, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 lemon, juiced or 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup veal stock, Minced herbs parsley, tarragon and chives], title: Rib Eye with Mustard, Crispy Onion and Herbs: Zwiebelrostbraten, picturelink: null}, 30619: {instructions: Special equipment: Six to eight 4ounce ramekinsnFor the bread pudding base: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBring the cream to a boil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Put the milk chocolate and bittersweet chocolate in a bowl and pour the cream over it. Allow to sit for a couple minutes and stir until smooth.nWhisk together the sugar and egg yolks in a large mixing bowl. Slowly whisk the hot chocolate mixture by the ladleful into the egg yolk mixture until fully incorporated.nAdd the vanilla and pinch of salt. Then strain through a finemesh strainer.nPlace the chopped white chocolate in the bottom of the ramekins. Place the cubed bread on top. Pour the bread pudding base over the chopped white chocolate and bread and allow the bread to soak until absorbed, 30 to 45 minutes.nBake in a water bath at 325 degrees F until the pudding is firm when lightly pressed in the center with a finger, about 1 hour 15 minutes depending on your oven.nFor the ganache: Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the chocolate and stir until completely melted. Stir in the orange liqueur.nCarefully remove the ramekins from the water bath using a large spatula and tongs. Cover each pudding with 3 tablespoons ganache and drizzle with the Toasted Caramel Praline Sauce.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until fragrant, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool and then chop.nCombine 1 cup sugar and 3 tablespoons water in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Let cook without stirring until amber in color. Remove from the heat and add the toasted chopped walnuts.nSpread out on a parchmentlined baking sheet and let cool to set, 10 to 15 minutes. Break into small pieces for caramel sauce.nCombine the remaining 1 cup sugar and 4 tablespoons water in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Let cook without stirring until amber in color. Remove from the heat, add the cream and stir to combine. Add the butter and then the pieces of toasted walnut praline and stir until dissolved., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 4 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 1 cup sugar, 12 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 12 loaf challah bread, large diced, 1 cup cream, 1 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, 4 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, Toasted Caramel Praline Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups walnuts, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Triple Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: Y4nzLxnAqSm67saiDtnWRhEhPcXLWt.}, 30620: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the string beans and cook for 2 minutes, plunge into cold water. Drain well and cut each bean in half. Halve the tomatoes lengthwise and remove the seeds. Slice the halves into 18inch strips. Roughly chop all but 2 tablespoons of peanuts. In a bowl toss papaya with the beans, tomatoes, chopped peanuts, fish sauce, lemon and lime juices, sugar, garlic, red pepper flakes and 3 tablespoons cilantro. Garnish with remaining peanuts and cilantro., ingredients: [8 ounces string beans, 3 plum tomatoes, 12 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts, 2 large green papayas 1 pound each peeled, seeded and julienned, 14 cup Thai fish sauce, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Green Papaya Salad, picturelink: null}, 30621: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cilantro, mint, coconut milk, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon of the oil, the brown sugar, lime juice, garlic, ginger, pepper and 14 teaspoon salt in a food processor. Pulse until smooth, then transfer to a small bowl.nLay out a 24inch piece of foil on a baking sheet. Toss the kale with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and a pinch of salt. Arrange in a single layer in the middle of the foil. Nestle the fish filets on the kale and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon of salt. Evenly spread the green curry sauce over each filet. Top loosely with another 24inch piece of foil try to keep the foil from touching the fish and seal the edges.nBake the foil pack until the fish is just cooked through and the greens are crisptender, 15 to 20 minutes. Carefully unseal the foil pack, and divide the fish and greens among four plates. Top with cilantro and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 13 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 1 small clove garlic, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 serrano pepper, seeded, Kosher salt, 1 large bunch kale, stemmed, washed and torn into bitesize pieces, Four 6ounce fillets halibut, about 12inch thick skin removed], title: Halibut Green Curry, picturelink: KQtdqP6EJJo4iuUOzT26wIE4DQxIPYS}, 30622: {instructions: To prepare the galette rounds: In bowl whisk together milk, butter, yolks, and whole egg. In another bowl whisk together flour, salt, and chives and stir into milk mixture until just combined. On a lightly floured surface with floured hands knead dough about 8 times, or until just smooth. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nDivide dough into 4 pieces. On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out each piece into an 8inch round. Transfer rounds to 2 baking sheets and crimp edges decoratively. Chill dough 10 minutes and bake in middle and lowerthird of oven about 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Transfer galettes to racks and cool completely. Galettes may be made 1 day ahead and kept in a sealable plastic bag at room temperature.nTo prepare the onions: In a skillet cook onions in oil and butter with salt and pepper, to taste, over moderately low heat 15 minutes, or until golden. Transfer onions to a bowl to cool.nHave ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. Cut asparagus crosswise into 12inch pieces and cook in a large saucepan of boiling salted water 3 to 5 minutes, or until just tender. Drain asparagus in a colander and transfer to bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Lift asparagus out of water and pat dry.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread onions evenly onto galette rounds and top with prosciutto, asparagus, and goat cheese. Bake galettes on a baking sheet in middle of oven about 15 minutes, or until tops are lightly browned. Transfer galettes to a rack and cool.nServe galettes, cut into wedges, at room temperature. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 3 large egg yolks, 1 large whole egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 pound thin or medium asparagus about 15 spears, 14 to 12inch thick, trimmed, 14 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into thin slices, 13 cup soft mild goat cheese about 4 ounces room temperature], title: Asparagus, Prosciutto, and Goat Cheese Galettes, picturelink: I5mHtgVvS1Tl8CxKTwA20O27qq4SfW}, 30623: {instructions: Freeze 2 cups chopped pineapple, 2 hours. Chill 4 tall glasses. Blend the frozen pineapple with 1 pint passion fruit sorbet, 1 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, 1 cup ice, 6 ounces white rum, 2 ounces orange liqueur and 1 tablespoon grenadine until slushy. Pour into the glasses garnish with pineapple.nPhotograph by Sarah Anne Ward, ingredients: [], title: Pineapple Hurricane Slushies, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 30624: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or outdoor grill to high.nCombine beef, shallot, thyme, Worcestershire, smoked paprika or cumin, and grill seasoning. Combine and divide meat into 4 portions. Form large patties about 1 14 inches thick. Coat beef patties with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Cook 3 to 4 minutes preside for medium rare, 6 to 7 minutes per side for medium well to well doneness.nCut shrimp along deveining line and butterfly them open a little. Be careful not to cut all the way through the shrimp. Leave tails in tact. Place shrimp in a shallow dish. Coat shrimp in extravirgin olive oil. Sprinkle with grill seasoning or salt and pepper. Add parsley, lemon zest and finely chopped garlic, turn shrimp to coat evenly in flavorings. Wedge lemon which you have zested to pass later at the table with cooked shrimp. Grill shrimp alongside meat patties for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until heads curl towards tails and shrimp are pink.nWhile meat and shrimp cook, arrange 4 beds of cut iceberg lettuce on platter and combine horseradish with chili sauce in a small bowl. To serve, place burgers on lettuce buns and dot with sauce, then top with 2 grilled shrimp. Pass remaining sauce and lemon wedges at table., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon smoked Hungarian paprika or 2 teaspoons ground cumin u2013 eyeball it, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick or coarse salt and black pepper, 8 jumbo peeled, deveined shrimp, 6 to 8 count, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 rounded tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 cup chili sauce, 12 head iceberg lettuce, cored and quartered], title: Sirloin Burgers on Bed of Lettuce with Grilled Shrimp and Horseradish Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30625: {instructions: Special equipment: Crock potnPlace pineapple, chile sauce, soy sauce, and crushed red pepper in a crock pot. Mix well.nSeason beef with 18 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and add to the crock pot. Add onion and stir to coat.nCover and cook on high for 3 to 4 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours.nSeason with additional crushed red pepper, if desired and serve with tomatoes, if using. Serve with excess sauce and toothpicks. Yum, ingredients: [1 8ounce can crushed pineapple packed in juice, lightly drained, 13 cup sweet Asian chile sauce, 12 teaspoon reducedsodium or lite soy sauce, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, or more to taste, 1 pound raw, lean filet mignon or leanest cut available, cut into about 30 bitesize pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, finely chopped, Cherry tomatoes, for serving, optional], title: SweetHot Steak Bites, picturelink: null}, 30626: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over high heat for 2 minutes and place the beef slices onto the surface for 1 minute per side. Remove immediately and set asidenWhisk the hoisin, ketchup, barbecue sauce, nam pla, soy sauce, ginger, vegetable oil, scallions and cilantro together in a large bowl. Add the grilled beef and refrigerate at least 1 hour to let the flavors blend.nRemove from the refrigerator and thread one piece of beef onto a 6 bamboo skewer. Repeat with the remaining beef, set onto a decorative platter and garnish with chopped cilantro., ingredients: [1 3 pound beef tenderloin trimmed and sliced to 12inch thickness, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup prepared barbecue sauce, 1 tablespoons nam pla, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 2inch piece ginger, grated, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon chopped scallion, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish], title: Korean BBQ Beef Skewers, picturelink: null}, 30627: {instructions: Use a spoon to scrape out the gills from the underside of the mushroom cap. Cut the cap into 1inch pieces and transfer to a food processor. Add the shallot and parsley and pulse until chopped.nTransfer the mushroom mixture to a large bowl. Add the turkey, olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste gently mix with your hands until just combined. Divide into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4inchwide, 1inchthick patties. Put on a large plate, cover and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to medium. Brush the grates with olive oil. Grill the patties, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Give the patties a quarter turn and cook until marked again, 4 to 5 more minutes. Flip the patties and grill until cooked through, 6 to 7 more minutes top each with 2 slices cheese during the last 3 minutes of cooking and cover with a disposable aluminum pan to melt.nToast the English muffins on the grill, then spread with mustard and mayonnaise. Serve the patties on the English muffins top with avocado.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 large portobello mushroom cap, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped shallot, 3 tablespoons lightly packed fresh parsley, 1 14 pounds 85 to 93 lean ground turkey, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 thin slices manchego or white cheddar cheese, 4 English muffins, split, Dijon mustard, mayonnaise and sliced avocado, for topping], title: Perfect Turkey Burgers, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}, 30628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse ingredients for the cheese spread in food processor until mixture is combined. Transfer spread to a small serving dish and garnish with shaved crystallized ginger. Serve with the date nut bread.nBrew a pot of coffee, putting the orange rind, cloves, and cinnamon in with the grounds before brewing. Top off coffee with cognac or liqueur. Dip rims of coffee mugs in warm water, then coat in sugar., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, cut into chunks, 12 cup about 3 ounces shredded sharp cheddar, 14 cup mango chutney, 2 ounces a handful macadamia nuts, 1 piece crystallized ginger, shaved or grated, for garnish, Date nut bread, halved across if round, lengthwise if loaf, then cut into 12inch thick slices, 8 tablespoons ground coffee, 12inch slice fresh orange rind, 4 cloves, Sprinkle cinnamon, Cognac or coffee liqueur, Granulated sugar, for rimming glasses], title: Spiced Coffee with Liqueur and Date Nut Bread with Chutney Spread, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 30629: {instructions: Stir the yeast and water together in a large bowl. Using a wooden spoon and stirring in one direction, stir in the whole wheat flour about a cup at a time then stir 100 times or until the mixture look smooth and silky. This is the sponge and it needs to rest, covered with plastic wrap, for at least 30 minutes, although it is best if it can rest for as long as 8 hours in a cool place, a rest that will give fuller flavor. Sprinkle the slat over the sponge and then stir in the olive oil, mixing well, again stirring in the same direction. Add the flour about a cup at a time, mixing until the dough is too stiff to stir with a spoon. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead it mixing until it is smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. The dough will be moderately firm and have a slight sheen. Clean the mixing bowl, dry it, and coat it lightly with oil. Transfer the dough to the bowl, turn the dough around to oil its surface, and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise at room temperature for 2 to 3 hours, or until it doubles in bulk. Turn the dough onto the work surface. Divide it in half and keep one half under plastic or cloth while you work with the other. Cut the dough into 8 equal pieces and, with lightly floured cupped hands, form the pieces into tight balls keep the balls under plastic as you work on the other.nOn a wellfloured surface, flatten the balls of dough with you fingertips and then, using a rolling pin, roll each piece of dough into a circle 8 to 9 inches in diameter and less than 14inch thick. Cover but do stack the rolled out breads. Preheat the griddle or castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat and lightly oil the griddle. Bake 1 rolledout circle at a time on the griddle, putting the pita top side down on the griddle and cooking for 15 to 20 seconds before turning the bread over gently. Cook for another minute or until big bubbles appear. Turn the bread again and cook until it balloons fully. Pressing a towel on those areas where bubbles have formed will push air into the flat areas. The breads should bake for no more than 3 minutes. Oil the griddle after every 4 to 5 breads. Pita is best the day it is made, but it can be wrapped airtight and frozen for 1 month, ingredients: [1 teaspoon dry active yeast, 2 12 cups tepid water 80 to 90 degrees, 2 12 cups whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 12 to 3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour], title: Fresh Pita Bread, picturelink: null}, 30630: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse once. Sprinkle the butter evenly on top. Pulse, pulse, pulse  in 1second bursts  until the mixture looks like grated Parmesan cheese.nAdd 1 12 cups of the Cheddar and pulse, pulse, pulse, while slowly drizzling in the cream, until the dough starts to come together.nForm the dough into a disk, and transfer to a floured work space. Gently roll the dough with a rolling pin into a 1inchthick rectangle. Cut out 35 pieces of dough, using a 1inchdiameter ring mold, and transfer to a parchmentpaperlined sheet pan.nBake, turning the pan halfway through, until golden brown and cooked through, 14 to 15 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, combine the malt vinegar and apples in a medium mixing bowl. Stir in the creme fraiche, scallions and remaining Cheddar, and mix well.nWhen the scones are cool enough to handle, halve them equatorially. Place 1 slice of the corned beef on the bottom half of the scone, and top with the apple, cheese and scallions, followed by the top half of the scone. Repeat until all of the scones are filled., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Pinch kosher salt, 1 12 sticks very cold butter, cut into peasize pieces, 2 cups Irish Cheddar, grated, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons malt vinegar, 2 Granny Smith apples, julienned, 14 cup creme fraiche, 4 scallions, greens only, cut on a bias, 1 pound corned beef, sliced], title: Irish Cheddar Scones with Corned Beef and Apple Slaw, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 30631: {instructions: 1. Sprinkle the oxtails with salt and pepper. In a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, brown the oxtails on both sides, 4 minutes each side. Remove the oxtails to a plate and reserve.n2. Cook the onions and garlic in the Dutch oven for 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste, juniper, and allspice and cook 2 minutes more. Put the oxtails back into the pan and add the stock and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, occasionally skimming the fat from the surface.n3. Add the potatoes and celery root and continue to cook until the meat is tender, another 1 12 hours. Skim the fat from the surface., ingredients: [2 pounds oxtail pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 20 juniper berries, crushed, 20 allspice berries, 1 quart beef stock, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into large dice, or 1 12 pounds whole small red potatoes, 1 7 to 7 12ounce celery root celeriac, cut into large dice], title: Oxtail Stew, picturelink: null}, 30632: {instructions: Make a slit to the middle of the jalapenos.nIn a large saucepan with oil, saute jalapenos, carrots, onions and 3 cloves garlic. Add thyme, salt, 2 tablespoons of sugar and apple cider vinegar. Allow mixture to simmer until sugar and salt dissolve, about 5 minutes. Do not boil Strain vegetables. Fill jar with vegetable mixture and juice. Place in refrigerator for 30 to 60 minutes.nIn a large bowl, mix together white vinegar, 12 cup sugar, pickling spice, red pepper flakes, salt, remaining 2 cloves of garlic and okra. Pour okra and juice into a tightly sealed jar and refrigerate for 30 to 60 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound jalapenos, 1 carrot, peeled and thickly chopped, 1 white onion, thickly sliced, 5 gloves garlic, smashed, divided, 2 sprigs thyme, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus 12 cup, 3 cups apple cider vinegar, 3 cups white vinegar, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound raw okra, chopped, Special equipment: 2 tightly sealable jars recommended: glass mason jars], title: Pickled Peppers and Okra, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 30633: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine flour and brown sugar in medium bowl cut in butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press mixture into bottom of 13 x 9inch baking pan.nBAKE 10 to 15 minutes.nCOMBINE pecans, sweetened condensed milk, eggs and lemon juice in small bowl pour over partially baked crust.nBAKE 25 minutes or until filling is set. Cool. Cut into bars., ingredients: [2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup butter, 1 12 cups chopped pecans, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Pecan Pie Bars, picturelink: null}, 30634: {instructions: Place the pancetta in a large skillet over a medium flame. Cook for 5 minutes, until slightly crispy. Toss in the onion and olive oil and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, sage, and chestnuts to the pan and cook for 10 minutes, stirring often. Toss in the squash pieces, chicken stock, and freshly grated nutmeg. Cover to steam. Let the squash cook for 20 minutes or until soft. Allow the stock to evaporate and then toss the squash and chestnut mixture into a large mixing bowl with the egg and ricotta. Stir and press with a wooden spoon. You can pulse with an immersion blender if you desire. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nThe lasagna will resemble ribbon candy when finished. To assemble the lasagna, place the pasta sheet on your work surface. Coat the first 4 inches of the pasta with the squash filling and fold the long end of the pasta over the layer. Spread the next side of the pasta with a thin layer of the filling, fold over the pasta sheet, again about 4 inches, to cover the bottom layers. Sprinkle with pecorino and fold over the pasta again. Repeat until you have used the full length of the pasta sheet. Sprinkle the top with Pecorino and a sage leaf. Transfer to a greased sheet pan. Repeat for the remaining 3 sheets of pasta to make 4 free form lasagnas. Place the pan in the oven to bake for 20 minutes.nTo make the pasta dough: Combine the flour and salt on a flat work surface shape into a mound and make a well in the center. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the well and lightly beat with a fork. Gradually draw in the flour from the inside wall of the well in a circular motion. Use one hand for mixing and the other to protect the outer wall. Continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a ball. Knead and fold the dough until elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nCut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the piece you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Form the dough into a rectangle and roll it through a pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at widest setting. Pull and stretch the sheet of dough with the palm of your hand as it emerges from the rollers. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again, 2 or 3 times. Continue tightening until the machine is at the narrowest setting the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick keep in mind, overly thick pasta tastes gummy. Make 4 pieces, about 20inches long and 6inches wide.nRight before assembling the lasagna, bring 5 quarts of wellsalted water to a boil. Cook the pasta sheets in the water, one at a time, for 2 minutes each. Drain, cool and set aside till ready to use., ingredients: [14 pound pancetta, chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh sage leaves, chopped, plus additional leaves for garnish, 1 pound fresh chestnuts, shelled and skinned, 3 cups butternut squash or pumpkin pieces, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 egg, 1 cup ricotta, Pasta Dough, recipe follows, 1 cup freshly grated pecorino cheese, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Cornmeal, for dusting], title: Squash and Chestnut Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 30635: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, poppy seeds and salt. Toss the cold butter into the flour mixture and using clean hands, mix the butter into flour mixture until the butter pieces are the size of lentils.nIn a small bowl, mix the buttermilk, 14 cup honey, and lemon zest until well blended. Pour the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture and gently mix until the dough just holds together. Be careful not to overwork the dough.nSeparate the dough into 5 equal size balls, each of which is about 13 cup. Place each dough ball on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Press each ball down to form a 12inch thick disk. Brush the top and sides of each disk with the egg white and lightly sprinkle the top with the brown sugar.nBake for 6 to 8 minutes or until lightly golden. Remove from heat and cool for 10 minutes. Carefully remove from parchment paper.nWhile the cakes are cooling, stir together 14 cup honey and the ricotta cheese in a medium bowl until well blended. Fold in strawberries.nOnce the cakes have cooled, cut each cake in half horizontally.nTo assemble, place 14 cup of strawberry mixture on top of each of the bottom cake pieces. Cover mixture with top piece of the cake. Place another 1 tablespoon of strawberry mixture on top of the cake. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs., ingredients: [5 sprigs fresh mint, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons poppy seeds, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cold butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup honey, divided, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 egg white, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 cup lowfat ricotta cheese, 16 ounces fresh strawberries, rinsed, hulled, and cut in 12], title: Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 30636: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCrisp pizza crust 5 minutes on perforated pizza pan or on oven rack.nWhile pizza crust is in oven, mix sour cream with lemon juice and dill in a small bowl.nRemove pizza shell from oven and let stand until cool to the touch. You have a pocket of time here to work on other recipes.nOn cool, crisp pizza shell, spread the sour creamdill sauce in an even layer. Evenly distribute sliced smoked salmon, working all the way to the edges.nTop pizza with sliced cucumber, red onion, and capers.nTo serve, cut pizza in 12. Cut each 12 in 12 again, 4 cuts across. Turn the pan a 14 turn and slice into quarters, making 16 cuts., ingredients: [1 12inch prepared thin crust pizza shell, recommended: Boboli brand, 12 cup sour cream, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons fresh dill leaves, chopped or snipped, 13 pound Nova Scotia smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 14 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 14 red onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, drained], title: Smoked Salmon Pizza, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 30637: {instructions: Marinade: In a nonreactive bowl, prepare the marinade. Combine the rice wine, peanut oil, soy sauce, salt and cornstarch. Stir in the chicken pieces and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes.nSauce: In a small bowl, combine the ingredients for the sauce. Set aside.nOver high heat, in a wok, bring the peanut oil to almost smoking temperature. Stirfry the chilies, ginger, garlic and white part of the green onions for 30 to 40 seconds, or until the chilies turn dark. Add the chicken and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes, until golden in color.nAdd the sauce and bring to a boil. Add the peanuts. Thicken with the slurry and continue to cook until glossy. Transfer to a serving plate and garnish with julienne green onions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon rice wine, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 8 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 dried red chiles remove stems and cut in halves, 12inch piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced, smashed, 1 garlic, smashed, 1 green onion, cut the white part into 12 inch pieces, julienne the green parts, 14 cup deepfried peanuts, 2 tablespoons chicken stock plus 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed together to make slurry], title: Kung Pao Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30638: {instructions: For Pork Chops: Preheat grill over high heat. Stir together olive oil, lime juice, garlic, cumin, lime zest, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Rub marinade evenly on pork chops, and set aside while you make the salsa.nFor Salsa: Stir together tomatoes, grapes, onion, cilantro, olive oil, lime juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.nGrill the chops, turning once, until grill marks appear and pork is just cooked through, about 6 minutes total. Transfer to a platter, and top chops with salsa. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice from 1 lime 2 tablespoons, 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 4 ounce boneless pork loin chops, 2 cups red and yellow grape tomatoes, halved, 1 12 cups seedless green grapes, halved, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: CuminLime Pork Chops with Grape Salsa, picturelink: null}, 30639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 2 4 12 by 8 12inch loaf pans with nonstick spray. Line the pans with parchment paper and spray the paper.nCombine the zucchini, apple, brown sugar, oil, eggs and vanilla extract in a large bowl and stir to combine. Add 3 cups flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg to the bowl and mix well. Toss the nuts with the remaining12 teaspoon flour to coat and prevent them from sinking. Gently stir in the nuts and the extract.nDivide the batter between the 2 loaf pans. Bake until a toothpick or skewer inserted in the middle of each loaf comes out clean, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the bread from the pans and cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 1 cup finely grated zucchini about 1 zucchini, 1 cup grated green apple, peeled and cored about 1 apple, 1 14 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups plus 12 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups chopped walnuts], title: Zucchini and Apple Bread, picturelink: azPKEzBu3fZ3KB70WIRKIG3qjFhw1eq}, 30640: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn an 8inch square baking dish, combine sweet potatoes and pears. In a small bowl, mix pecans, brown sugar, 3 tablespoons of flour, and the melted butter to make a paste. Crumble mixture over potatoes and pears. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until potatoes and pears are tender.nMeanwhile, spray a roasting pan and rack with cooking spray. Place beaten egg in a shallow bowl, place remaining 12 cup flour on a plate and place bread crumbs mixed with herbs de Provence on another plate. Dredge pork chops in flour. Dip in egg and then the bread crumb mixture, coating the pork evenly all over. Arrange chops on a rack in prepared pan and coat lightly with cooking spray. Bake alongside pears for 20 minutes, or until pork is cooked to your desired degree of doneness. Serve pork with sweet potatoes and pears., ingredients: [4 9ounce cans cut sweet potatoes, drained, 3 pears, peeled, quartered, and cored, 13 cup chopped pecans, 13 cup brown sugar, packed, 3 tablespoons plus 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, Olive oil cooking spray, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence, 4 34inch thick bonein pork loin chops], title: Baked Pork Chops with Sweet Potatoes and Pears, picturelink: null}, 30641: {instructions: For the red chile paste: Place the Fresno chilies, garlic, red onion, bay leaves, and cilantro leaves into a food processor and process into a fine paste. Scrape into a mixing bowl and reserve. Return the food processor bowl to its base. Do not rinse.nFor the green chile sauce: Char and blacken the poblanos over the burner of gas stovetop or under the broiler with the oven door ajar to allow steam to escape. Place the peppers in a bowl to cool, covered with plastic wrap, then peel and seed.nMeanwhile, in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add a good drizzle of vegetable oil. Cook the tomatillos, onion, and garlic until the onions are tender, about 8 to10 minutes. Place the onions and tomatillos in the food processor with the charred poblanos, cilantro, cumin, honey, lime juice, and salt. Puree sauce and adjust seasoning.nCombine the ground beef and ground pork with the red chile paste and season with salt and pepper. Form 8 3inch patties that are thinner at the center and thicker at the edges. Heat a griddle pan or large cast iron skillet to mediumhigh heat. Add a drizzle of vegetable oil to the pan and cook the burgers, about 3 minutes on each side. Leave in the skillet.nIn a small skillet over medium heat, reheat the spicy refried beans with a splash of water to thin them out a bit.nTop the burgers with green chile sauce and a few chips. Top the chips with refried beans, shredded cheese, and pickled jalapenos. Tent the pan with foil to melt the cheese, 1 minute. Serve nacho sliders on slider or brioche rolls., ingredients: [2 red Fresno chilies, sliced, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, Generous handful fresh cilantro leaves, 2 large poblanos, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, 5 to 6 tomatillos, papery skins removed, coarsely chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped or sliced, Small handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, 13 palmful, 2 teaspoons honey or agave, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt, 34 pound ground beef sirloin, 34 pound ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 can spicy vegetarian refried beans, for topping, Good quality tortilla chips, for topping, Mild Mexican melting cheeses, Monterey Jack, or Cheddar cheese, shredded, for topping, Pickled, sliced jalapenos, drained, for topping, 8 hamburger slider rolls or brioche rolls, split], title: Green and Red Chile Nacho Sliders, picturelink: null}, 30642: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the racks in the center of the oven.nIn a mixing bowl, make a well in the center of the chocolate chip cookie mix. Add the chocolate chunks, walnuts, softened butter, Kahlua, instant espresso, ground coffee and egg. Mix well to combine all the ingredients into the cookie dough. Scoop with a small scoop or by heaping tablespoons and drop the dough 2 inches apart on ungreased, nonstick cookie sheets or sheets lined with parchment paper. Chill for 5 to 10 minutes.nBake the cookies in batches, until set and lightly browned but not crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Remove from the oven and leave on the cookie sheets for about 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool before serving., ingredients: [One package dry chocolate chip cookie mix 1 pound 1 12 ounces, found in the baking aisle, 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chunks, 4 ounces walnut pieces about 1 14 cups, 7 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 3 tablespoons instant espresso or instant coffee crystals, 1 tablespoon ground coffee beans, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Coffee Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 30643: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the pineapple juice, lemon juice, gin, orange liqueur and allspice in a pitcher filled with ice. Stir to combine. Pour into icefilled highball glasses, top with champagne and garnish each with a lemon twist., ingredients: [3 cups pineapple juice, 34 cup fresh lemon juice, plus lemon twists, for garnish, 12 ounces gin, 4 ounces orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 12 teaspoon allspice, Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled, for serving], title: Pineapple Gin Punch, picturelink: RHdTeUfox2ccibFR7dxphnPUyNfY5V6}, 30644: {instructions: In a small pitcher or 2 cup measuring cup combine the orange soda, orange juice and orange liqueur. Divide evenly between 2 martini glasses. Hold a teaspoon measure upside down over the glass, slowly pour a shot of black vodka on top of the orange juice mixture so that is floats on top, creating a layered effect. Repeat with second drink. Garnish with a peppermint stick andor a licorice wheel., ingredients: [12 cup orange soda, 1 cup orange juice, 1 shot orange liqueur, 2 shots black vodka, 2 peppermint sticks, 2 licorice wheels], title: Black Cloud Cocktail, picturelink: ySH7IzgJAVU.pgizaUsNcGpAiLo8kC}, 30645: {instructions: To make the marinade, mix all of the ingredients except for the beef in a large mixing bowl. Place the trimmed tritips in a plastic container and pour the marinade over. Let stand in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours.nHeat grill to medium temperature.nPlace tritips on grill at a 45 degree angle to establish grill marks and cook about 35 minutes, or until cooked to desired doneness. Remove the tritips from the grill and let rest about 2 to 5 minutes before slicing. Serve with your favorite side dishes., ingredients: [1 cup lemon juice, 1 cup soybean oil, 12 cup white sugar, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup black pepper, 12 cup garlic salt recommended: Lawrys, 12 cup chopped garlic, 12 cup chopped dried onions, 2 4pound tritips, trimmed], title: 6 Hour Tritip Marinade, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 30646: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the olive oil up to 160 degrees. Add the smashed ginger, garlic and scallions. Take the mixture off the heat and allow it to infuse for 2 hours. Strain.nSteam the rice and then season with the mirin. Once cooled, mix in the slivered scallions, dried in a saucepan. Bring the olive oil up to 160 degrees. Add the smashed ginger, garlic and scallions. Take the berries and seaweed.nTo make the sauce, bring the lemon juice, fish stock and ice wine to a boil. Remove from heat and blend in the grapeseed oil. Season with salt and pepper.nTo poach the fish, bring the poaching oil up to about 160 degrees in a deep saucepan. Season the salmon with salt and pepper and gently immerse the entire piece of fish in the oil. Allow to poach gently for about 5 minutes or until raremedium.nTo Plate: While the fish is cooking, place rice salad on plate and drizzle with lemon sauce. Put poached fish on rice salad when its done being poached, ingredients: [5 cups olive oil, 2 heads ginger, smashed, 1 head garlic, smashed, 1 bunch scallions, slivered, 4 6ounce pieces salmon, 2 cups Japanese rice, steamed, 34 cup mirin, 2 scallions, slivered, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup dried blueberries, 1 sheet nori, crumbled, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup fish stock, 14 cup ice wine from British Columbia, 34 cup grapeseed oil, 12 cup airdried corn], title: Oil Poached Salmon with Sticky Rice and Dried Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 30647: {instructions: Fill a medium saucepan with potatoes, add water to cover, and salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, trim black skin from truffle with a paring knife, and chop finely, saving the trimmings. Using a truffle slicer or Japanese mandoline, thinly slice the truffle, and reserve.nIn a small saucepan, heat milk and unsalted butter over low heat until butter has melted. Drain potatoes into a colander. Put potatoes through a food mill, and transfer to an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. On low speed, combine potatoes and milk mixture until no lumps remain be careful not to beat any more than necessary. Add truffle butter, and combine.nIn a small skillet over medium heat, saute leeks in 2 tablespoons olive oil until tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add reserved truffle trimmings, and saute for about 1 minute, until truffle is tender. Transfer leeks and truffles and 2 teaspoons chives to potatoes, and combine. Remove to a serving bowl, and sprinkle with remaining teaspoon chives. In the same skillet over mediumlow heat, quickly saute the sliced truffles in remaining tablespoon of olive oil for about 1 minute. Garnish potatoes with sliced truffles, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 medium Idaho potatoes about 4 pounds, peeled, cubed, and rinsed, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 medium black summer truffle about 12 ounce, 1 cup milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 ounce prepared truffle butter, 1 cup chopped leeks 2 leeks, white and pale green sections only, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped chives], title: Truffled Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 30648: {instructions: For the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 2 12quart baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nToss together the fruit, sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl and pour into the prepared baking dish.nFor the topping: Whisk together the flour, milk, melted butter, sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir just until mixed together, being careful not to overstir. Pour the topping over the top of the filling.nBake until the topping is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 1 hour.nLet cool slight, and serve warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying, 6 cups sliced stone fruit about 5 medium peaches and 5 plums, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups milk, 1 stick 12 cup butter, melted, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Stone Fruit Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 30649: {instructions: Trim the ends off the Brussels sprouts. Thinly slice them with a knife or use the slicing attachment on your food processor to shred them.nAdd the bacon to a large highsided skillet over medium heat. Cook until the bacon is crisp and the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towellinedplate and reserve.nAdd the shallot to the hot pan and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts by the handful, stirring to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Saute the sprouts, tossing until bright green and crisptender, about 3 minutes.nStir in the walnuts and cook for 1 minute more to toast. Add 14 cup chicken broth, stirring until the liquid is reduced and the Brussels sprouts are soft. Stir in the cooked bacon. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, cleaned, 3 slices bacon, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Walnuts, picturelink: CCaZHMJgkeKOow78dNZErIcpcBTDDSu}, 30650: {instructions: To make the tomato demiglace, heat grapeseed oil in a medium saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic and scallions and saute lightly for 1 minute. Stir in sundried tomatoes, vinegar, beef base and liquid. Let reduce by half.nBlanch Brussels sprouts until just tender and drain well. Fry bacon until crisp in a large skillet with oven safe handles and drain on paper towels. Pour most of the bacon fat from the pan and melt butter over medium heat in the same pan. Sprinkle paprika over the cut side of blanched Brussels sprouts and saute cut side down in butter, leaving undisturbed for a few minutes to let the caramelization process begin. Transfer to a bowl, crumble bacon over, toss lightly and keep warm. Reserve pan for the steak.nStrain tomato demiglace through a chinois into a small bowl. Cover and keep warm by nesting bowl into another bowl of hot waternPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMash garlic and cracked pepper together with a mortar and pestle and set aside briefly. Season filet mignon with salt and pepper. Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in the same ovensafe saute pan. Sear steak leaving undisturbed for the first 2 minutes or so to let the caramelization process begin. Flip steaks and cook the other side in the same way. Cook to an internal temperature of 115 degrees F as measured with an instantread thermometer for mediumrare, or done to your liking. Remove from heat and press garlicpepper paste onto surface of steaks. Finish in oven until the crust becomes golden brown, about 2 to 5 minutes. Remember to use an oven mitt to remove pan from oven.nReheat demiglace over low heat, remove from burner and whisk in cubed butter to make sauce silky.nArrange Brussels sprouts and filet mignon on plate. Spoon tomato demiglace over steak and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 4 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the bias, 1 cup sundried tomatoes oilpacked or rehydrated in water if dry packed, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon beef base stirred into 1 cup water part of which should be the soaking liquid if rehydrating the sundried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, cubed, 1 pint about 8 Brussels sprouts, tough outer leaves removed and halved, 12 pound bacon, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 4 6ounce filet mignon steaks or 8 3ounce steaks if serving as part of a duo plate, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil], title: Filet Mignon Au Poivre with SunDried Tomato DemiGlace and Sauteed Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 30651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the fillets on a sheet tray or rack so the fish can release its natural juices.nPlace the bread crumbs into a shallow dish. In a separate shallow dish add 2 beaten eggs. Season both sides of the fillet with salt and pepper. Once seasoned, brush the belly side of the cod with the egg. Dip the egg side into the bread crumbs.nIn a cast iron skillet add grapeseed oil. Before placing fish into pan, make sure the skillet is very hot. Sear only 1 side of the fish the side with the bread crumbs. Once 1 side is seared, place the skillet in the oven for about 3 to 4 minutes until cooked.nOnce the fish is cooked, flip it over and add the lemon juice, butter and sprig of thyme. Let melt and baste the fish with the juice.nPour over the Butter Sauce and serve.nIn saucepan, add wine, sprigs of thyme, shallot and garlic. Set on back burner to allow the wine to reduce. Once the sauce is reduced to a syrup, strain and add the heavy cream, and lemon juice and bring to a slight simmer.nWhisk in cold butter and once melted add the fresh chives and season with black pepper., ingredients: [4 6ounce cod fillets, Panko bread crumbs, 2 eggs, for egg wash, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 sprig fresh thyme, Butter Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups white wine recommended: Chardonnay, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 shallot, sliced, 2 clove garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons cold butter, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Seared Cod with Chive Butter Sauce, picturelink: 5d0YwhnQBtvuBvYRp3GJbNOmiL7tW}, 30652: {instructions: Set aside some of the mango so you have about 12 cup diced and reserved for garnish.nRoughly chop the remaining mango and puree it in a food processor with the buttermilk, orange rind, and juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nCover and chill overnight. Adjust the seasoning before serving. Garnish with reserved diced mango, scallion and a dollop of sour cream centered in the middle., ingredients: [1 12 pounds or 2 large ripe mangoes, peeled and pitted, 2 cups chilled buttermilk, 12 teaspoon grated orange rind, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons sliced scallion for garnish, 12 cup sour cream], title: Mango Buttermilk Soup, picturelink: null}, 30653: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, sweat the onion in butter and salt until translucent.nIn a large mixing bowl, place a paper bowl in the middle of the bowl. Resting the cob on the bowl in a vertical position remove only the tops of the kernel with a knife, using long smooth downward strokes and rotating the cob as you go. After the cob has been stripped, use the dull backside of your knife to scrape any remaining pulp and milk off the cob.nAdd the corn and pulp mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium high until the juice from the corn has tightened. Add the rosemary. Sprinkle the corn with the sugar and turmeric. Stir constantly for about 2 minutes. Sprinkle the cornmeal onto the corn, using a whisk to combine well. Add the heavy cream and cook until the corn has softened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the rosemary. Season with freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [12 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 pinches kosher salt, 8 ears fresh corn, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, bruised, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 1 cup heavy cream, Fresh ground black pepper], title: Better Than Grannies Creamed Corn, picturelink: null}, 30654: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a small dish, combine the salt, chile powder, garlic powder and black pepper. Brush the chicken with the olive oil and sprinkle on all sides with the spice mixture.nBrush the grill with oil. Place the chicken skinside down on the grill and cook for 5 minutes. Turn and cook an additional 5 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a baking dish in a single layer.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the BBQ sauce and chicken broth. Pour the sauce over the chicken and cover the baking dish tightly with foil. Bake until the chicken is cooked through and forktender, an additional 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 chicken, cut into 10 pieces, backbone removed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Neutral oil, for oiling grill grates, 2 cups BBQ sauce your favorite storebought or homemade, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth], title: Baked BBQ Chicken, picturelink: uOb6mwOxSLpMuKc6MQ9.DZzt6xEKnoy}, 30655: {instructions: In a food processor combine the mayonnaise, about a teaspoonful of Dijon mustard or to taste, anchovies and a small clove minced garlic. Season to taste with lemon juice and grated lemon rind. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nArrange greens on 2 individual dinner plates. On each plate: arrange a sprinkle of tuna in the center of the plate and drizzle mayonnaise over tuna and greens.nSurround tuna fish, in spoke like fashion, with potatoes, tomatoes and haricots verts. Sprinkle black olives and capers on top for garnish., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, 4 anchovy filets, Minced fresh garlic, Grated lemon zest and lemon juice to taste, Salt and pepper, 3 cups mixed greens, washed, 2 cans about 6 ounces imported tuna fish in olive oil from France or Italy ok, drained and flaked, 4 small new red potatoes, cut, lengthwise into quarters skin left on, parboiled until just cooked through, 2 ripe plum tomatoes, cut into quarters, lengthwise, 1 cup haricots verts, parboiled until crisp tender, 13 cup Kalamata olives, measured, then pitted and cut into slivers, 1 teaspoon salted capers, rinsed], title: Sort of Salad Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 30656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the macaroni: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the macaroni to al dente according to the package instructions. Drain and set aside.nFor the sauce: In a large saucepot on medium heat, add the butter, onion, Worcestershire sauce, flour, paprika and a few pinches of salt as well as black pepper. Cook for a few minutes while stirring, then add the halfandhalf and cream cheese. Cook until the mixture begins to simmer.nFor the dish: Butter the sides and bottom of a 13by9inch casserole dish or lasagna pan. Mix both cheese blends together in a large bowl.nPut the scallions and cooked macaroni in a large bowl and toss in 4 cups of the shredded cheese. Pour over the sauce and stir, shake, jiggle and tap the bottom of the bowl lightly to make sure the sauce seeps completely into the nooks and crannies. Pour this mixture into the prepared dish. Toss the fried onions with the remaining 2 cups of cheese and sprinkle over the top. Bake until the top is melted and bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup grated onion use a rasp or box grater, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups halfandhalf, at room temperature, 8 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 cups 16 ounces Italian 5cheese blend of shredded provolone, mozzarella, Parmesan, Romano and asiago, 2 cups 8 ounces Mexican 4cheese blend of shredded Colby, Monterey Jack, Cheddar and manchego, 3 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped, 1 cup fried onions, such as Frenchs, coarsely chopped], title: Sunnys Dimepiece Mac and Cheese, picturelink: Ybw4bDKzrdf2YX2nbtPtsxASmjpGHK}, 30657: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 18 cup clarified butter in large skillet over medium heat. Lay chicken pieces in pan, skin side down and season generously with salt and pepper. Pour 1 tablespoon clarified butter on top of chicken, increase heat to high and cook, turning once, about 5 minutes per side.nHeat 14 cup clarified butter in small skillet and add achiote pieces. Mix together to color butter and strain a little over chicken. Drizzle chicken with lemon juice and stir pan residue.nBrush parchment with a little achiote butter and divide chicken among the 4 pieces of parchment paper. Pour all but a little achiote butter in small bowl and add cube of ice. Stir to solidify. Spread cooled butter over chicken pieces. Fold paper over to form a package. Place into baking dish and brush with last bit of achiote butter. Bake 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 ounces clarified butter, 3 14 pound chicken, skin on, cut into 4 pieces 2 breasts and 2 legs with thighs attached, boned, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 2 pellets achiote, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 sheets parchment paper], title: Chicken Itza, picturelink: null}, 30658: {instructions: Cook pasta according to package directions, omitting salt. Meanwhile, heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and garlic cook 4 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink, stirring occasionally. Remove from skillet keep warm.nStir together undrained tomatoes, tomato sauce and lemon juice in same skillet bring to a boil. Add cream cheese stir until cream cheese is melted completely. Simmer 2 to 3 minutes to thicken slightly.nDrain pasta. Add to sauce in skillet stir to coat. Stir in chicken, basil and lemon peel. Sprinkle with pepper, if desired., ingredients: [8 ounces dry cavatappi or rotini pasta, uncooked 8 oz  212 cups, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize pieces, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Petite Diced Tomatoes, undrained, 1 can 8 oz each Huntsu00ae Tomato Sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup soft cream cheese spread, 1 pkg 0.75 oz each fresh basil, coarsely chopped about 14 cup, 14 teaspoon shredded lemon peel, Cracked black pepper, optional], title: Huntsandreg LemonTomato Chicken Pasta, picturelink: null}, 30659: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients in a small saucepan and stir until all the ingredients are incorporated and the mixture is smooth. Simmer over medium heat until reduced by 13, about 15 to 20 minutes.nPlace a grill pan over medium heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Season the meat with salt and pepper. Lightly coat with some of the BBQ sauce using a pastry brush. Place the meat on the grill. Place the remaining BBQ sauce, still in the small saucepan, over low heat or on the edge of a gas or charcoal grill and allow to gently simmer while the meat cooks.nCook the chicken about 8 minutes per side. Cook the steaks starting at about 4 minutes per side until a meat thermometer reads the desired temperature, 120 degrees F for medium rare, 135 degrees F for medium about 6 minutes per side, 155 degrees F for well done about 9 minutes per side. Continually brush the meat with BBQ sauce every few minutes. Remove the meat from the grill and let rest for at least 5 minutes. Serve with the heated BBQ sauce alongside.nAlternately, the chicken can be baked in the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the chicken skin side up in a baking dish and bake for 25 minutes. Remove the baking dish from the oven and spoon the BBQ sauce all over the top of the chicken. Return the baking dish to the oven and bake for another 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup balsamic vinegar, 34 cup ketchup, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pieces chicken any combination of breast or legandthigh pieces or 4 pieces of New York strip or Club strip steak, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chicken or Steak with Balsamic BBQ Sauce, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 30660: {instructions: Combine the garlic, thyme and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the blackeyed peas and 2 tablespoons pickling liquid and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the turkey and heat through, about 3 more minutes. Remove from the heat and add the scallions, and salt and cayenne to taste. Discard the thyme.nMeanwhile, whisk the mustard and the remaining 2 tablespoons pickling liquid in a large bowl. Add salt and cayenne to taste, then gradually whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Add the tomatoes and toss. Add the arugula, celery and pickles and toss again. Divide among bowls and top with the blackeyed peas and turkey.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 10ounce box frozen blackeyed peas, thawed, 13 cup sliced breadandbutter pickles, plus 4 tablespoons pickling liquid, 8 ounces smoked turkey leg or breast, skin removed and meat shredded, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon Creole or wholegrain mustard, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 10 cups torn arugula, escarole andor romaine, 2 stalks celery, chopped with leaves], title: Smoked Turkey And BlackEyed Pea Salad, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 30661: {instructions: Combine pineapple juice, lime juice, salt, oregano, garlic and pepper. Mix well. Pour this mixture over the Mahi Mahi and let marinate for 24 hours. Remove the fish from the marinade and cut into 14inch cubes. Grill or saute the fish. Place the fish in the tortillas and garnish with cilantro, onion and Pineapple Tomato Salsa.nAdd the pineapple to a blender. Combine the tomatoes and tomatillo in a bowl and mix well. Add half of the tomatoes to the blender. Add the lime juice, garlic, ginger and salt and pepper to the blender. Blend until smooth. Pour into a bowl and add the remaining tomatoes, cilantro, mint and jalapeno and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup pineapple juice, 12 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 12 pound fresh Mahi Mahi, tuna or cod, Two 6inch flour or corn tortillas, warm, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons red onion, chopped, Pineapple Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 1 cup diced pineapple, 12 cup red tomato, seeded and diced, 12 cup yellow tomato, seeded and diced, 12 cup tomatillo, diced, 12 cup green tomato, 2 limes, juiced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped mint, Jalapeno, diced, to taste, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground pepper], title: Maui Tacos Fish Taco with Pineapple Tomato Salsa, picturelink: jvi1h5eFe4GarIMneC4JPQy.K87z36}, 30662: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the steaks with salt and pepper. When the pan is hot, add 1 tablespoon butter, swirling the pan to coat. Add the steaks, sprinkle them with a pinch of sugar, and sear until golden brown on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook until golden on the other side, 2 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and tent with foil.nReduce the heat to medium and add 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet. Add the garlic and cook 20 seconds. Add the radicchio in batches, tossing until wilted. Sprinkle with 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. Add the sundried tomatoes and vinegar and cook until the vinegar evaporates slightly, about 1 minute. Add the broth and cook until the radicchio is tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in the basil. Transfer the radicchio to plates using tongs. Continue cooking the sauce until it thickens slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter.nThinly slice the steak and add to the plates. Drizzle with the sauce and top with more sundried tomatoes and basil., ingredients: [4 6ounce beef eye round steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar, plus a pinch, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 2 heads radicchio, torn into pieces, 13 cup sundried tomatoes, thinly sliced, plus more for topping, 14 cup balsamic vinegar preferably aged, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, sliced, plus leaves for topping], title: Balsamic Steak With Radicchio, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 30663: {instructions: To make the ribs easier to handle, cut each slab between the middle bones into equal pieces. Rub salt, black pepper, and red pepper into both sides of the ribs. Place the ribs in a deep baking dish, cover them, and refrigerate overnight. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Pour the vinegar over the ribs and bake 1 12 hours. Rotate the ribs two or three times during baking and spoon some of the pan juices over them. Remove the ribs from the baking dish and place in a single layer on baking sheets. Line the baking sheets with aluminum foil for easy cleanup Bake at 450 for 1 hour. The ribs should be tender and well browned. This much can be done up to a day in advance. Cool the ribs, cover tightly, and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature for about 1 hour. To finish the ribs, preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut the slabs between the bones into individual ribs. Place the ribs in a baking dish large enough to hold them comfortably. Spoon enough of the original sauce over them to coat lightly. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and bake until heated through, about 20 minutes. Serve w, ingredients: [2 slabs pork spareribs about 3 12 pounds total, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 to 3 cups white wine vinegar, Sylvias Original Sauce, available in many supermarkets], title: Sylvias Spareribs, picturelink: null}, 30664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nLay a sheet of phyllo dough on a clean dry work surface. Use a pastry brush to brush the phyllo sheet with melted butter. Fold the phyllo sheet in half lengthwise, resulting in a 12 by 8inch rectangle. Brush the top of the phyllo with melted butter. Place a few slices of smoked mozzarella at a narrow end of the phyllo rectangle, leaving 1inch on each side. Top the cheese with a few pieces of sundried tomatoes. Carefully roll up the phyllo dough into a cigar shape starting with the cheese and tomato end. About half way through the rolling, tuck in the 1inch ends of the phyllo dough, and continue rolling. Place on a foillined baking sheet, seam side down, and brush the top with butter. Continue rolling the 5 remaining cigars. Bake until golden, about 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small ball jar or in a plastic container with a tightfitting lid combine the extravirgin olive oil, Proseco, cider vinegar, salt, and pepper. Shake well. Toss the Proseco vinaigrette with the field greens. Place the dressed greens on a serving platter or on individual serving plates.nSlice the cigars into 2inch pieces. Place atop the dressed field greens. Serve immediately.nThe baked cigars are about 1 12 inches in diameter. The flavor is great. YUM, ingredients: [6 sheets phyllo dough, 4 tablespoon butter, melted, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, sliced 14inch thick, 8 ounces sundried tomatoes, drained, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup Prosecco, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups field greens], title: Smoked Mozzarella and Sundried Tomato Cigars, picturelink: Qtq8XOQNGMfNTrspchcmIF8zYJUyy}, 30665: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGenerously butter the flat sides of the burger buns. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, use your hands to combine the brisket, chuck, salt, garlic powder and pepper. Divide the mixture into 8 even portions and form into patties.nHeat a castiron griddle or skillet over high heat and brush with butter. Put the burgers on the hot griddle and season with a sprinkle of salt. Cook until browned, about 2 minutes, then flip and top each with a slice of Cheddar and a slice of American form a star with the cheese slices so the cheese completely envelopes the burger patty. Cook, using a large metal bowl to dome the burgers and allow the cheese to melt, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the burgers to a baking sheet and dome with the bowl to keep hot. Place the buns on the griddle butterside down to quickly toast.nPlace the patties on the bottom buns and top with onions, tomatoes, pickles and a pile of lettuce. Spread a generous dollop of mayo on the top buns and place the buns on the burgers. Eat and enjoy, ingredients: [Butter, at room temperature, for the buns and griddle, 8 sesame burger buns, 1 pound ground brisket, 1 pound ground chuck, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices Cheddar, 8 slices yellow American cheese, 1 sweet onion, thinly sliced, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, Hamburger pickles, for topping, 12 head iceberg lettuce, finely shredded, Mayonnaise, for spreading], title: My Best Burger, picturelink: rnxI7l3r266CslQ67fJhuDWHB1.uNQS}, 30666: {instructions: Toast the chiles directly over a medium gas flame or in a castiron skillet until soft and brown, turning frequently to avoid scorching. Transfer the toasted chiles to a saucepan and add the vinegar and water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes to soften.nTransfer the chiles and liquid to a blender or food processor. Puree until a smooth paste is formed, adding a tablespoon or two of water if necessary to thin. Set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook briefly just to release the aroma. Then stir in the cumin and cook another minute. Add the chicken stock and reserved chile paste. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix together the brown sugar, orange and lemon juices, tomato paste, salt and pepper to form a paste. Add to the simmering stock mixture and continue cooking another 15 minutes. Adobo can be stored in the refrigerator 1 week or frozen indefinitely., ingredients: [Ancho chiles, wiped clean, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 cups water, 14 cup olive oil, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 5 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, firmly packed, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Adobo, picturelink: null}, 30667: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a bowl and rinse them with slowly running cold water until the water runs clear. Place the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with fresh water. Add 1 teaspoon salt and bring up to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the potatoes are almost tender but not flaking. Drain in a colander.nIn a heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the shrimp and saute for 2 minutes, tossing every 30 seconds or so. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, or until shrimps are pink. Do not overcook.nTransfer the shrimp to a large bowl and add the potatoes. Add the olive oil, shallots, oregano, capers, lemon juice, salt, and pepper and toss together until evenly mixed. Serve on tiny plates or in small ramekins., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, quartered, 2 teaspoons salt,divided and 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 1 small bunch oregano, leaves only, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Shrimp and Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 30668: {instructions: Cut the avocadoes in half, remove pits, and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Add the lemon juice and sea salt, to taste. Mash the ingredients together with a fork, keeping the texture slightly chunky. Mix in the tomato, onion, and cilantro.nPut a cast iron skillet over medium high heat. When the pan is hot, put in a corn tortilla and cook until the tortilla is heated through and softened, about 30 seconds per side.nSpread some of the guacamole onto a heated tortilla, fold it in half, and eat immediately. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 avocados, Juice of 1 lemon, Sea salt, 12 cup chopped fresh tomato, 14 cup chopped red onion, 12 cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 8 small corn tortillas], title: Lemony Guacamole, picturelink: CD18R4b0XI4KvyDfW8BfGDN4fDq7dsW}, 30669: {instructions: Puree grapes, sugar, lemon zest and juice in blender until mixture is smooth. Place mixture in a saucepan and bring to boil over high heat. Let boil 30 seconds, then remove from heat. Strain puree through fine strainer and discard solids. Stir vodka into puree. Let mixture chill in refrigerator, then place in an ice cream freezer according to manufacturer instructions or freeze in a shallow pan, stirring every 1015 minutes until frozen.nNutritional analysis per serving: Calories 163 Protein 1 g Fat 1 g Calories from Fat 5  Carbohydrates 41 g Cholesterol 0 mg Fiber 1.6 g Sodium 3 mg., ingredients: [4 cups black California seedless grapes, rinsed, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon vodka optional, but helps make sorbet smooth], title: Black Grape Sorbet, picturelink: lOdC99Uzcp39Vuc76HDUAgguPIJTwC}, 30670: {instructions: Melt spread in 2quart saucepan over medium heat and cook walnuts 3 minutes or until golden. Stir in garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in sauce. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes or until heated through. To serve, toss sauce with hot linguine. Sprinkle with additional chopped walnuts and garnish, if desired, with chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, 12 cup walnuts, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Creamy Alfredo Sauce, 8 ounces linguine, cooked and drained], title: Alfredo Linguine, picturelink: nCa4thC1KIKow2sngy24JjJkRrfMdSu}, 30671: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSteaks: Brush the steaks with olive oil sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat a heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the steaks and cook for about 4 minutes per side for mediumrare. Remove the steaks to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice crosswise into thin strips. Set aside.nBean salad: In a large bowl, combine the beans, olive oil, lime juice, garlic, scallions, cilantro, and oregano. Mix gently. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste.nPut the bean salad on a platter and arrange the warm steak slices on top., ingredients: [2 8 to 9ounce New York strip steaks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups canned Great Northern or pinto beans, rinsed and drained, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, white and pale green parts only, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm White Bean and Steak Salad, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 30672: {instructions: In a large saucepan, stir together the sugar, corn syrup, water, salt, and glycerin with a wooden spoon. Cook over medium heat, stirring now and then until a candy thermometer reads 255 degrees F. Stir in the butter. Pour the mixture onto a greased flat pan and fold over the edges with a spatula to keep them from hardening.nWhen the candy is cool enough to handle, brush with lemon juice. Kids grease their hands with butter, take a lump of taffy, and pull and stretch it until it is light and slightly firm. The longer they stretch, pull, and twist the candy, the more air it will have and the closer to beach taffy it will get. The lump can then be cut with scissors into bitesize pieces. When cool, wrap in waxed paper., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 23 cup water, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vegetable glycerin sold at most party or natural food stores, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Taffy Pull, picturelink: null}, 30673: {instructions: With a hand blender or tabletop mixer, beat the heavy cream until stiff peaks start to form. Transfer to a bowl and delicately fold in the flavored liqueur., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces your favorite flavored liqueur], title: Alie and Georgias Spiked Scone Cream, picturelink: null}, 30674: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Lightly oil the shrimp, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side.n2. Toss the shrimp, arugula, cucumbers, olives, and onions together in a bowl.n3. Whisk together the lemon juice, 13 cup olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Pour over the salad and toss to coat. Top with the feta cheese., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for shrimp, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 cups baby arugula about 8 ounces, 1 cup sliced cucumber, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 8 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, for serving], title: Grilled Shrimp and Feta Salad, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 30675: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, add the milk, heavy cream, and 13 cup of sugar, cook on mediumlow heat until the milk starts steaming. In a small bowl, combine 13 cup of sugar, and milk powder together, then whisk into the milk. In a medium bowl, whisk yolks with remaining sugar and pour some of the hot milk into the yolk, whisk well to temper it. Then pour remaining milk in the yolk mixture. Cool the bowl in an ice bath. When cool add the shaved truffles, mix well, and turn into an ice cream machine. Freeze until ready to serve.nTo plate, place 2 scoops of ice cream on a dish and sprinkle truffle shavings on top., ingredients: [2 34 cups whole milk, 8 ounces honey cream, 1 cup sugar, 1.3 ounces milk powder, 2 large egg yolks, 1 black truffle, few shavings and rest finely chopped], title: Black Truffle Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 30676: {instructions: Combine ginger, mirin, and soy sauce and marinate the fish for 30 minutes. Preheat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nMix together batter ingredients.nWhen preparing an order, drain and dredge fish cubes in seasoned flour. Coat fish with the batter and deepfry until golden brown.nIn a bowl, gently toss one portion of fried fish with 4 ounces of hot sweet and sour sauce. Serve immediately on a warmed dinner plate., ingredients: [1 ounce ginger root, peeled and minced, 4 ounces mirin, 1 ounce soy sauce, 2 12 pounds mahimahi, cut into 12inch cubes, Oil, for frying, 7 ounces flour, 7 ounces water, 3 ounces soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Seasoned flour, as needed, 20 ounces sweet and sour sauce], title: Polynesian Sweet and Sour Fish: La Momona a Paakai, picturelink: null}, 30677: {instructions: For the sushi rice: Wash the rice several times until the water runs clear. Cover the rice with cold water and soak for 20 minutes. Drain and place the rice in a rice cooker. Add 334 cups water. Cover and cook until the water is absorbed. While the rice is cooking, combine the rice wine vinegar, mirin and sugar in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat. When the rice is cooked, remove from the cooker and place in a large wooden bowl. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the vinegar and sugar mixture. When the vinegar mixture is folded in, cover the bowl with a damp towel and let rest for 30 minutes.nFor the sambal aioli: In the bowl of a food processor or blender, combine the lemon juice, sambal, garlic and egg yolks and process until combined. With the processor running, slowly drizzle in the canola oil to create an emulsion. If the aioli needs to be thinned out after all of the oil has been added, thin with a little water or lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nTo make the Tempura Shrimp Maki Roll: Preheat a fryer to 360 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the rice flour, allpurpose flour and salt. Add the club soda until the consistency of pancake batter is achieved. Butterfly the shrimp by slicing lengthwise down the back. Dip the shrimp in the tempura batter and then place in the fryer and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oil to a paper towellined plate.nOn a sushi mat, lay down 1 piece of the nori, shiny side down. Spread the sushi rice on one half of the nori, about 14inch thick. Spread about 1 tablespoon of the sambal aioli over the rice. In the center of the rice, lay down 14 cup of the cucumber and a few strip of red bell pepper in a line that reaches from one side of the nori to the other. Top the cucumber with 3 pieces of the tempura shrimp. Sprinkle 14 cup of the wasabi tobbiko over the shrimp. Roll the sushi up, using the sushi mat. To seal the roll, use a little water along the edge of the nori. Cut the roll into 6 pieces. Repeat this procedure 3 more times to create 4 rolls., ingredients: [3 cups short grain rice, 3 34 cups water, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons mirin, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 teaspoon garlic, 3 egg yolks, 1 cup canola oil, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup rice flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups club soda, 12 medium sized shrimp, peeled, deveined with tail removed, 4 sheets nori, Sushi rice, Sambal aioli, 1 cup julienne cucumber, 12 cup julienne red bell pepper, 12 cup wasabi tobbiko], title: Tempura Shrimp Maki Roll with Sambal Aioli and Wasabi Tobbiko, picturelink: null}, 30678: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition rack in center of oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nArrange 8 6ounce ovensafe custard or dessert cups in a large roasting pan. Stir sugar and water in a small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until liquid is a deep golden brown, brushing down sides of saucepan with a wet pastry brush to prevent sugar from crystallizing, about 12 minutes. Quickly pour syrup into prepared cups.nIn a blender, combine condensed milk, cream cheese, eggs, and vanilla. Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Transfer to an 8cup measuring cup or large bowl. Whisk in evaporated milk. Divide custard equally among prepared cups. Transfer roasting pan to oven. Pour enough water into roasting pan to come halfway up the sides of the custard cups.nBake until sides are firmly set and only the very center of custards jiggle slightly when cups are gently shaken, about 45 minutes custards will firm up as they cool. Remove cups from pan, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and refrigerate until cold, at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Run small sharp knife around sides of custards. Invert each cup onto a dessert plate, shaking gently to release custard from cups. Drizzle caramel sauce over custard. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 5 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk], title: Cream Cheese Flan, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 30679: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the beans and cook for just 1 to 2 minutes, until the beans turn bright green. Strain them and run under cold water to stop them from cooking.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the almonds and toast them until golden brown, about 4 minutes, shaking the pan often to avoid burning the almonds. Remove the toasted almonds from the pan.nReturn the skillet to the burner and increase the heat to mediumhigh. Heat the olive oil in the pan and add a few pinches of salt, the garlic, ginger, and chili flakes. Cook just until the garlic starts to brown. Add the vinegar and let cook down for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and toss in the beans to coat them thoroughly and evenly with the dressing.nServe on a platter and scatter the top with the toasted almonds., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound string beans, trimmed, 12 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup olive oil, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1inch piece ginger, grated, 12 teaspoon dried red chili flakes, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Tangy Almond Garlic String Beans, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 30680: {instructions: Place the shallots in a small bowl. Add the vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, and chile. Let stand while you cook the lentils.nIn a large saucepan, combine the lentils with enough water to cover by 2 or 3 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat so that the water is just simmering. Partially cover and cook for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the lentils are tender but still hold their shape. Drain well in a sieve and transfer to a serving bowl with the salt, pepper, and olive oil. Add the shallotchile mixture and toss again gently. Let the salad stand at room temperature for 30 minutes so that the flavors can marry, sprinkle with cilantro, and serve., ingredients: [6 large shallots, thinly sliced lengthwise and cut into julienne strips see Note, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Small pinch sugar, 1 small Anaheim chile, stemmed, seeded, and cut into fine julienne, 2 cups brown lentils, picked over and rinsed, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup fruity Spanish olive oil, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped], title: Ensalada de Lentejas Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 30681: {instructions: Boil the penne, drain, rinse, and set aside. To prevent the noodles from sticking, spray with olive oil cooking spray.nIn a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat, add the butter and also spray with olive oil cooking spray. Add the garlic. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, add to pan, and saute until chicken is cooked through. Remove chicken from the pan and set aside, covering with foil. Add the vermouth and the juice and zest from 2 lemons. Scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen any browned bits and cook over mediumhigh heat to reduce a bit before adding the broth, flour, and milk and whisk constantly to incorporate the flour. Allow the sauce to thicken slightly and season with salt and pepper. Add the Parmesan and whisk constantly until the sauce thickens even more. Return the cooked chicken, along with any reserved juices, to the pan. Add the artichokes and stir gently until the artichokes and chicken are warmed through and the sauce is even thicker. Place the penne on a pretty platter and top with the chicken mixture. Garnish with fresh chopped parsley, black pepper, and lemon wedges for an easy and elegant presentation., ingredients: [8 ounces dried penne pasta, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 16 ounces boneless, skinless, chicken breast, pounded thin and cut into strips, Salt and pepper, 14 cup vermouth, or any other dry white wine, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 12 cup fatfree, lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 14ounce cans evaporated skim milk, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 14ounce cans artichoke hearts, 1 bunch fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, for garnish], title: Chicken and Artichokes in Lemon Cream Sauce over Penne, picturelink: null}, 30682: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Transfer mixture to a sealed container. This rub can be stored in the freezer for several months., ingredients: [12 cup brown sugar, packed, 12 cup chili pepper, 12 cup coarse salt, 2 tablespoons onion salt, 2 tablespoons garlic salt, 2 tablespoons celery salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons mustard powder, 1 tablespoon chipotle chili powder can substitute with 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon hickory smoke salt], title: Chipotle Chile Rub, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 30683: {instructions: Place a medium skillet with about 14inch of water over high heat and bring to a simmer for cooking the asparagus spears.nWhile the asparagus water is heating up start the beef tenderloin steaks. Heat a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Season the steaks with some salt and pepper. Coat pan with a little extravirgin olive oil and add the steaks. Meat will sear in hot pan. Cook beef 4 minutes on each side for medium.nOnce the beef is going, start the scallops preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat with 2 turns of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, about 2 tablespoons. With paper towels pat the scallops dry, season with a little salt and pepper and then add to the hot skillet. Sear the scallops in a single layer, causing them to caramelize, 2 minutes on each side.nOnce the steaks and scallops are going, add the asparagus tips to the boiling water for 3 minutes, or until just tender.nRemove the beef fillets from the skillet to a serving platter. Return the skillet to the heat and add 1 turn of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon. Add the chopped shallots and cook a little bit. Add the vermouth, use a spoon to scrape up the bits on the bottom of the pan, add the beef broth turn the heat up to high and bring to a simmer. Add 2 tablespoons of cold butter and stir until the butter has melted pour the sauce over the fillets of beef.nSprinkle the scallops with the chopped chives and remove from the skillet and arrange 2 scallops on top of each sauced up steak.nDrain the asparagus tips return them to the skillet and season with salt, pepper and a little squeeze of lemon juice, toss to coat. Plate the asparagus spears alongside the Manhattan sauced steaks and seared scallops., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 6 tournedos fillet of beef steaks, each 1 to 1 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 14 cup sweet vermouth, a good glug, 12 cup beef broth, 2 tablespoons cold butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 sea scallops, muscle removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch chives, chopped, 1 12 pounds thin asparagus spears, trimmed of woody ends, 14 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Surf and Turf Savings: Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Manhattan Sauce, Seared Scallops and Lemony Asparagus Spears, picturelink: null}, 30684: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine all the ingredients and toss well to coat.nSpread the nuts in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake, shaking them every few minutes, until toasted and fragrant, about 15 minutes. Let the nuts cool and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [12 cup whole raw almonds, 12 cup pecan halves, 12 cup walnut halves, 14 cup unsalted shelled sunflower seeds, 14 cup unsalted shelled pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 pinches cayenne pepper], title: Cajun Trail Mix, picturelink: null}, 30685: {instructions: In the large bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle or beaters, on medium speed soften the butter. Add the brown and granulated sugars. When the sugar is incorporated, raise the speed to high and continue to beat until fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl and under the beaters with a rubber spatula, as necessary. Lower the speed to medium and add the eggs, 1 at a time, and the vanilla, again scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Turn the speed to low, gradually pour in the flour mixture, and beat until just combined. Add the chocolate and nuts and again beat until just combined.nSift together the flour, cocoa, espresso, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nScrape the dough out of the bowl and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate 2 to 3 hours, up to overnight. Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 1 or 2 baking trays with parchment paper.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and divide into mounds, about 1ounce each the size of an unshelled walnut. Roll between the palms of your hands, forming 60 to 62 balls of dough. Arrange the balls on the prepared trays, about 2 inches apart. Bake until slightly firm to the touch, 13 to 15 minutes, reversing the trays from front to back after 7 minutes to ensure even baking. Place the trays on racks to cool. After a few minutes, transfer the cookies to the racks with a wide metal spatula to continue to cool. If reusing the baking tray, cool slightly before arranging the balls of dough on it.nTake the ice cream out of the freezer and let soften slightly for 10 minutes. When the cookies have cooled, spread half of the cookies with some ice cream. Top with another cookie and press lightly. Wrap in plastic wrap and freeze until firm., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons instant espresso, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, cut into small pieces, 34 cup dark brown sugar, firmly packed, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 ounces coarsely chopped bittersweet chocolate pieces about the size of large chocolate chips, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped unsalted macadamia nuts, 1 quart coffee ice cream], title: MochaMacadamia NutChocolate Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 30686: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the mango, cilantro, lemon juice, vinegar, oil, garlic, chipotle, salt and pepper in a food processor and puree until smooth. Adjust seasonings to taste.nAdd the chicken with half of the chipotlemango sauce to a resealable plastic bag, and massage to coat the chicken with the sauce. Refrigerate at least 6 hours to marinate.nPut the other half of the chipotlemango sauce into a small saucepan and simmer over low heat until thick, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Set some of the simmered sauce aside to serve on the side, and baste the chicken every few minutes with the rest of the sauce.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat and brush with oil. Remove the chicken from the marinade and put on the grill.nGrill the chicken, turning and basting about every 5 minutes, until cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with the reserved chipotlemango sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups mango, peeled, pitted and roughly chopped, 34 cup fresh cilantro loose pack, not chopped, stems andall, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus extra for grill, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, plus 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 pounds chicken thighs and drumsticks, bone in, skin on], title: ChipotleMango BBQ Chicken, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 30687: {instructions: Special equipment: Mortar and pestlenAdd strawberries and limes into a large mortar or bowl. Crush together to extract juices. Add mint and crush to incorporate the flavors. Add strawberry syrup and pour into a pitcher. Add Champagne and stir. Serve in ice filled glasses and garnish with strawberry slices., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, stemmed and sliced, plus slices for garnish, 4 limes, quartered, 12 cup mint leaves, 12 cup strawberry syrup, 1 bottle Champagne], title: Strawberry Sunshine Cocktail, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 30688: {instructions: Soak farro in 6 cups water for 6 to 8 hours soaking cuts down on cooking time.nRinse, drain, and place the farro in a pot with water to cover, bring to a boil, then simmer until tender and water is absorbed, stirring occasionally, 40 to 50 minutes.nHeat oil in saucepan and saute the onion and garlic until translucent, add parsley and farro, salt and pepper to taste, serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups emmer farro, 6 cups water, 1 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cups fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Emmer Farro Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 30689: {instructions: For the dip: In a medium bowl, whisk together the yogurt, tarragon, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil and salt. Set aside for at least 5 minutes to allow the flavors to marry.nFor the bundles: Make small bundles of 1 or 2 pieces each of the carrots, peppers and cucumbers. Tie each bundle at the equator with one of the chives, and trim the chive to the appropriate length. Serve alongside the tarragoncitrus dip., ingredients: [1 cup wholemilk Greek yogurt, such as Fage, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 1 large lemon, 1 tablespoon lemon juice 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into matchsticks, 12 English cucumber, cut into matchsticks, 24 fresh chives], title: Vegetable Bundles with TarragonCitrus Dip, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 30690: {instructions: Heat 3 cups of the pomegranate juice in a small saucepan until hot. Add the remaining cup of pomegranate juice to a large bowl and sprinkle the gelatin packets over the juice. Let sit for 1 minute. Add in the hot juice and stir until the gelatin is completely dissolved. Pour the mixture into a 9by13inch pan. Sprinkle with the pomegranate seeds and grapes and refrigerate until fully set, at least 3 hours or overnight.nPut the Greek yogurt in a large bowl and whip with an electric mixer until fluffy. Cut the pomegranate gelatin into 1 12inch cubes. Layer the gelatin, whipped yogurt, sliced strawberries and blueberries in 8 parfait or juice glasses., ingredients: [4 cups pomegranate juice, One 1ounce box four .25ounce envelopes unflavored gelatin, 12 cup pomegranate seeds, 12 cup halved grapes, 1 quart Greek yogurt, 1 12 cups sliced strawberries, 1 12 cups blueberries], title: Pomegranate Gelatin Yogurt Parfaits, picturelink: 36BQofC5Y6GzR0iHMA4U7NgLPOI7k2}, 30691: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream makernIn a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the sugar and 1 cup water to boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the mint leaves and allow to steep until cooled, about 15 minutes. Strain the simple syrup into a medium mixing bowl. Add the lemon juice, lemon zest, orange zest, lime zest, orange juice and 12 cup water. Stir to combine.nPour the mixture into the frozen bowl of an ice cream maker and churn according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer the sorbet to a deep baking dish or loaf pan, cover tightly and place into the freezer until frozen, at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nTo serve, scoop the sorbet into a bowl, drizzle with limoncello and garnish with a mint sprig., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice 7 lemons, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 lime, zested, 1 orange, juiced, Limoncello, for drizzling, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Citrus Sorbet with Limoncello, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 30692: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMix amaretto and vinegar in a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Put pears, cut sides down, in dish.nRoast pears 15 minutes. Add water and roast until pears are tender but still hold their shape, 8 to 10 minutes more.nArrange pears, cut sides up, on a platter and spoon pan juices over them. Sprinkle with half of cookie crumbs, then baste with pan juices. Sprinkle with remaining crumbs and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons amaretto or other almondflavored liqueur, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 4 firmripe Bartlett pears, halved lengthwise and cored, 13 cup water, 4 amaretti cookies Italian almond macaroons 12 inch in diameter, crumbled], title: Roasted Pears with Amaretti and Amaretto, picturelink: null}, 30693: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Stir the sugar and corn syrup in a saucepan over medium heat until the sugar melts. Remove from heat. Add the butter and let melt, slowly stirring with a rubber spatula to keep the mixture from getting foamy. Gently stir in the vanilla, bourbon and salt.nWhisk the eggs in a medium bowl. Gradually add the sugar mixture, whisking until incorporated.nLightly mist four 4inch individual pie pans with cooking spray. Unfold the pie dough and cut into quarters press each piece into a pan and crimp the edges with your fingers. Place on a baking sheet. Divide the pecans evenly among the pie shells and pour the filling on top.nBake the pies until golden and firm, about 45 minutes. Cool completely on a rack, then carefully remove from the pans. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons bourbon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, Cooking spray, 1 sheet refrigerated pie dough half of a 15ounce package, 1 cup pecan pieces, Whipped cream, for serving optional], title: BourbonFlavored Pecan Pie, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 30694: {instructions: Start by peeling and cubing the potato into 12inch diameter pieces and set aside.nNext, in a saute pan on medium heat, cook the ground beef and lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper.nWhile the beef is cooking, place 4 cups water in a stock pot with the potatoes and bring to a boil. Cook the potatoes until fork tender do not cook until the potatoes mash.nWhen all the rawness is cooked out of the beef, turn off the heat. Slowly add the flour while mixing into the beef in order to make a roux. Mix the flour into the beef completely until no dry flour remains. Depending on the fat ratio of the beef, you may need to add more or less flour. This all depends on how thick you want your stew in texture.nOnce your roux is complete, add to the stockpot with the cooked potatoes. The meat may be in large pieces, so with a large spoon, break up into desired size. Once the meat is fully broken down, add the green chiles, corn, green chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons black pepper. Fully mix all the ingredients and place the stockpot back on the stove top. Bring up to temperature on medium heat. Once the soup is at proper serving temperature, serve in medium bowls and enjoy. Feel free to add cheese or sour cream if desired.nOptional serving suggestions: grated cheese, sour cream., ingredients: [1 large potato, 8 ounces fresh ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup flour, 34 cup mild green chiles prefer fresh, but can substitute with frozen or canned, 12 cup hot green chiles prefer fresh, but can substitute with frozen or canned, 1 12 cups corn prefer cut off cob, but can substitute frozen or canned, 2 teaspoons green chili powder], title: Green Chile Stew, picturelink: L5dZbprrAdtyrL92kXPrEsyZ22unm8m}, 30695: {instructions: Whisk all the dry ingredients together thoroughly and set aside. Beat butter and brown sugar together in the bowl of a mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Add the eggs, molasses, and water and beat until well combined.nBeat half of the flour mixture into the mixer until blended and smooth. Add the remaining flour mixture and then knead the dough until firm and manageable, but not dry. Add more flour if the dough is wet.nPlace the dough in a sealable container or ziptop bag in a cool place for up to 2 hours. If you make the dough ahead of time and refrigerate it, bring to room temperature before working the dough.nWhen ready to roll out the dough, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray your cookie sheets with nonstick spray.nRoll out dough and cut into desired shapes, working in small batches and keeping the remaining dough in an airtight container so that it does not dry out. Bake for 11 to 15 minutes, depending on the size of the pieces. The gingerbread will be light brown when it is done. Let cool before icing.nCombine egg white and powdered sugar in a microwaveable bowl and microwave until the mixture reaches 160 degrees F. The best way to do this is to microwave the mixture on high power, stopping every 20 seconds to take the temperature it will take about 2 minutes and 40 seconds, but cook time will vary based on microwaves. Make sure to use clean utensils each time you check the icing. The other option is to microwave the mixture for 45 seconds on high, but the consistency will not be as good.nBeat on high speed until the icing cools and holds a stiff peak, about 2 minutes. If the icing needs to be thicker, add up to 23 cup more sugar you will probably need to add about 13 cup more sugar. Food coloring can be added, if desired. Work with the icing in small amounts, keeping the remaining icing in an airtight container, as it will dry quickly.nBeat all ingredients together in the bowl of a mixer until stiff peaks form. Food coloring can be added, if desired. Work with the icing in small amounts, keeping the remaining icing in an airtight container, as it will dry quickly. The icing can be rebeaten if necessary., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 4 teaspoons ground ginger, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, or allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, packed, 2 large eggs, 1 cup dark molasses, 1 tablespoon water, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 1 large egg white, 23 cup powdered sugar, 1 13 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon powdered egg whites, 2 tablespoons water], title: Gingerbread Dough, picturelink: null}, 30696: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. In a roasting pan just large enough to hold plum tomatoes cut side down. Drizzle olive oil on bottom, and add garlic and half of the thyme and oregano. Top with cut tomatoes, cut side down, and roast in oven for 15 minutes. Remove the skins and process in food processor until roughly chopped. Steam open the clams, until just opened, with white wine. Strain the clam juice through cheese cloth to remove any sand. Reserve the juice and remove the clam meat. Make a sachet, all ingredients wrapped in cheesecloth, with parsley stems, oregano, thyme, bay leaves, and 12 head garlic. In a medium sauce pot sweat onion, celery, carrots, sachet, salt and pepper with olive oil for 5 minutes over medium heat. Add processed tomatoes and both clam juices. Fresh and canned Bring to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are tender. Cool off with sachet in mixture. Next to extract the entire flavor from the sachet, squeeze it well and discard. Season mixture with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Cut the tender clams in small chunks. Heat the potatoes in a pan with olive oil and a bit of clam juice. Toss in the clams, some oregano, and parsley. Distribute garnish into hot bowls. Heat the broth and ladle over garnish at last minute., ingredients: [14 bunch parsley stems for sachet, chopped leaves for garnish, 1 12 each bay leaves, 12 head of garlic, for sachet, 1 medium onion, medium dice, 1 12 stalks celery, medium dice, 1 12 carrots, medium dice, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup canned clam juice, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 12 potatoes, medium dice, blanched until tender, Olive oil, 14 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 bunch fresh thyme, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 8 ripe plum tomatoes, cut in half, 12 cherrystone clams, scrubbed clean, 1 cup white wine], title: Manhattan Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 30697: {instructions: Separate the white and green light and dark portions of the leek, and cut each in half lengthwise rinse well to remove any soil. Roughly chop the green top, and set aside for the stock. Thinly slice the white portion into half circles, and set aside for the risotto. Cut the tops off the fennel, and roughly chop for the stock. Finely chop the fennel bulb, and set aside for the risotto.nFor the stock: Put the wine, leek greens, fennel tops, carrots, celery, garlic, orange peel, parsley, thyme, bay leaf, 1 teaspoon salt and peppercorns in a large pot. Bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the wine has evaporated, 6 to 7 minutes. Add 10 cups of water, and bring to a boil reduce to a gentle simmer, and cook until the stock has reduced by about one third 7 to 8 cups, about 30 minutes. Strain, then use the back of a ladle to squeeze out any excess liquid from the vegetables discard the vegetables, and keep the stock warm or cool the stock and refrigerate for up to 3 days.nFor the risotto: Add a splash of water to the saffron in a small bowl, and set aside to bloom.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the sliced leeks, chopped fennel and a pinch of salt, and cook, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until soft, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste, soy sauce, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and cayenne, and stir for 1 minute. Add the rice, and stir until coated. Add the wine, and simmer, stirring constantly, until it is absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups of the warm stock, the saffron and the blooming water to the rice. Bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring constantly, until most of the liquid is absorbed, 7 to 8 minutes. Add 3 more cups of stock, bring back to a simmer and cook, stirring constantly, until the rice is tender but slightly toothsome, 10 to 12 minutes more. In the last few minutes of cooking, add the tomatoes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in half the parsley and 3 tablespoons of the nutritional yeast, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Adjust the consistency of the risotto by adding more of the stock as necessary. Pour into a serving dish, and sprinkle with the remaining parsley and 1 tablespoon nutritional yeast., ingredients: [1 large leek, 1 small bulb fennel, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Three 3inch strips of peel from 1 orange, 4 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 5 whole black peppercorns, Large pinch saffron, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, One 14.5ounce can whole peeled plum tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped, 1 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 4 tablespoons nutritional yeast], title: Vegan Saffron Risotto, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 30698: {instructions: Fill shaker with ice. Add Smirnoff Citrus Flavored Vodka, triple sec, grapefruit juice, and sugar syrup. Shake well. Strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with lemon wedge., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Citrus Vodka, 0.25 oz. triple sec, 2 oz. pink grapefruit juice, 1 splashes sugar syrup], title: Smirnoff Ruby Martini, picturelink: null}, 30699: {instructions: Put the cinnamon stick, orange peel and water in a medium heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the rice and coconut and cover, reduce heat to low, and cook until rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Uncover, remove and discard cinnamon stick and orange peel. Add milk, 12 cup of the sugar, and salt and mix well. Increase heat to medium. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until very thick, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool completely.nMeasure about 12 cup of the pudding into center of each tortilla, then fold the tortilla in half, pressing gently to close edges. The sticky rice filling acts as glue to keep the empanadas closed.nIn a large, heavy bottomed pan, heat vegetable oil about 18inch high to 350 degrees oil should be hot but not smoking. Working in small batches, fry the empanadas, turning after the first side has browned, about 3 minutes per side.nCombine remaining 14 cup sugar with ground cinnamon and set aside. Remove finished emapanadas to paper towels for draining, then sprinkle with cinnamon sugar while still warm., ingredients: [1 cinnamon stick, Peel from 1 orange, 2 cups water, 1 cup shortgrain rice, 14 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 2 cups milk, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 9 6inch flour tortillas, Vegetable oil for frying, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamo], title: Rice Pudding Empanadas, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 30700: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Generously oil a 9inch pie pan.nPotato Crust: Place 2 firmly packed cups grated raw potatoes in a colander placed over a bowl toss the potatoes with 12 teaspoon salt and set aside for 10 minutes. Squeeze out the excess water. Combine the drained potatoes, 1 large egg, beaten, and 14 cup grated onion in a medium bowl. Pat the potato mixture into the oiled pie pan, building up the sides of the crust with lightly floured fingers. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until golden brown, brushing the crust with oil after the first 20 minutes to crisp it.nRemove crust from the oven and reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, beat together the eggs, milk, 12 teaspoon of the salt, and the pepper in a small bowl set aside.nBlanch cauliflower. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cauliflower, onions, garlic, and 14 to 12 teaspoon of the remaining salt cook, stirring frequently, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the parsley, basil, and thyme cook, covered, for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat.nLayer the baked potato crust with 12 of the cheese, then the cauliflower mixture, then the remaining cheese. Pour the milk mixture over the top and lightly dust with paprika. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until set. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [2 cups grated raw potatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 14 cup grated onion, Olive oil, 4 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 34 to 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly milled black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1 medium cauliflower, broken into small florets, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil, or 12 teaspoon dried, 34 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, or 14 teaspoon dried, 1 34 cups grated Gruyere, Paprika], title: Cauliflower Cheese Pie, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 30701: {instructions: Dissolve salt, sugar, and yeast in the warm water and allow the yeast to proof. Proofing the yeast is testing it for viability. It will develop a foam which looks like the head of a beer. If it doesnt proof, the yeast is dead and should be discarded. Proofing takes about 15 minutes.nPlace flour in a food processor fitted with a dough blade, and through the feed tube with the food processor running, slowly pour the proofed yeast mixture, until the dough comes together and is a cohesive mass. Transfer the dough to a floured board, and knead for about 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with a clean dish towel and allow dough to rise, so that it roughly doubles in volume. This will take about 30 minutes to an hour. The dough has risen enough if you make an indentation with your finger and it does not spring back. Punch the dough down and allow it to rise again. Allowing the dough to rise a second time gives it a finer texture. Note: It will not rise as much the second time.nWhile the dough is proofing, begin to prepare the topping. Melt the butter over medium heat in a pan with a lid. Add apples and stir gently to coat with the warm butter. Combine cinnamon and sugar and sprinkle over the apples. Stir in the lemon juice. Cover and cook over low to medium heat for about 40 minutes, or until the apples are cooked through and tender.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Stretch the dough out into a 14inch circle which is thicker around the perimeter. Transfer dough to a pizza stone sprinkled with cornmeal. Top evenly with the cooked apple slices. Since the caramel topping and hazelnut, chocolate sauce are thick and awkward to spread, distribute spoonfuls of them evenly over the surface of the apple slices and the heat from the oven will make them melt onto the surface. Sprinkle with minimarshmallows and drizzle with chocolate syrup. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the dough is nicely browned., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14ounce packet fresh fastacting yeast, 1 12 cups warm water, between 100 and 115 degrees F, as measured with a candy thermometer any hotter will kill the yeast  an organic leavener, too cool and the yeast wont be activated, 3 cups all purpose flour, plus some extra for the dough board, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, for the pizza stone, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 to 4 apples, peeled, cored and sliced, and tossed with a little bit of lemon juice to prevent oxidation good choices are Braeburn, Gala, Jonathan, Rome Beauty, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup lemon juice, 6 tablespoons caramel ice cream topping, 6 tablespoons hazelnut and chocolate paste recommended: Nutella, 12 cup minimarshmallows, 14 cup chocolate syrup], title: Fudge, Nut and Fluff Apple Dessert Pizza, picturelink: GXmYX0CamRwjBQXniwHGLPP0hICP2nm}, 30702: {instructions: Rinse mint leaves and pat dry. In a food processor, puree mint with scallions until coarsely chopped. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the oil and process until finely pureed. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Fold in grated lemon zest and juice to taste. Add almonds or not, as you wish you can also do this at the last minutenUSES: A mint puree is delicious in chicken salads or chicken and grain salads., ingredients: [2 cups packed fresh mint leaves, 1 to 2 scallions, thinly sliced, About 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Optional addition: grated lemon zest and juice, 14 cup ground blanched almonds, Salt and pepper], title: Fresh Mint Paste, picturelink: null}, 30703: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the celery and onions and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Transfer the vegetables to a large bowl and cool slightly.nAdd the turkey, breadcrumbs, milk, Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup ketchup, salt, pepper and egg whites to the vegetables. Mix with hands until well combined, but do not over mix. In a cup, combine the Dijon and remaining 14 cup ketchup.nIn a 9by13inch metal baking pan, shape the meat mixture into a 9by5inch loaf. This will allow the meat loaf to brown all over, not just on top. Spread the ketchup mixture over the top of the loaf.nBake the meat loaf until an instantread meat thermometer inserted in the center reaches 160 degrees F, 55 to 60 minutes. Temperature will rise to 165 degrees F upon standing.nLet the meat loaf stand10 minutes to set the juices for easier slicing before removing from the pan. Transfer the meat loaf to a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 medium stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed with press, 2 pounds lean ground turkey, 34 cup fresh whole wheat breadcrumbs from 1 12 slices bread, 13 cup fatfree milk, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup ketchup, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard], title: Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 30704: {instructions: Line a 9by13inch baking dish with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on 2 sides coat with cooking spray. Whisk the allpurpose flour, cocoa powder, almond flour and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low beat in the flour mixture until combined.nPress the dough evenly into the prepared baking dish in a thin layer with damp hands. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until the chocolate layer is set, 25 to 30 minutes let cool completely in the pan.nMeanwhile, combine the jam, dried cherries, lemon juice, cornstarch, almond extract and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the dried cherries soften and the mixture thickens, about 10 minutes. Spread over the chocolate layer and let cool completely.nLift the bars out of the pan using the foil. Put the white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth drizzle on the bars. Let stand until the chocolate sets, then cut into squares.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup almond flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 cup cherry jam, 34 cup dried cherries, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 12 ounces white chocolate, chopped], title: Black Forest Bars, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 30705: {instructions: Deseed the chiles, and place in a bowl. Reconstitute them by pouring on 3 cups boiling water and allowing them to soak about 5 minutes. Drain the chiles and reserve 1cup of the liquid.nProcess the chiles with the reserved water in a blender or food processor until fine. Strain and transfer pulp into a mixing bowl. Add the honey, chile powder, and cumin and mix well. Refrigerate for 1 hour to blend flavors.nThis glaze is excellent on grilled fish, roasted or grilled chicken, or roast pork., ingredients: [12 dried New Mexico red chile pods, 3 cups boiling water, 2 cups honey, 2 tablespoons red chile powder, 2 tablespoons cumin], title: Red Chile Glaze, picturelink: null}, 30706: {instructions: In a skillet brown ground beef and sausage, drain and set aside.nSpray large pot with nonstick cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Add the onion, green pepper, and celery and saute briefly. Stir in the diced and whole tomatoes. Add cumin and chili powder, to taste, and cook for about 8 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Add the beans, browned meat, and chili seasoning. Partially cover, and let simmer for 4 hours.nServe with Cheddar cheese, sour cream, and green onions., ingredients: [1 pound mixed ground beef and sausage, browned and drained, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper diced, 2 cups chopped celery, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, Ground cumin, Chili powder, 1 14 12ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 14 12ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 14 12ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 package chili seasoning mix, Shredded cheddar, sour cream, chopped green onions, for garnish], title: Jamies Chili, picturelink: Wc4NknrWP.6Kw.gR60lTZk005LSdMb6}, 30707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut 13 of each pepper off lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Place on a baking sheet. If peppers do not sit flat on the baking sheet, slice a thin piece off the bottom of the pepper so it will not roll around.nMash the feta, cream cheese, shredded cheese, cilantro, and onion together and stuff the peppers with the mixture. Roast for 15 to 18 minutes, or until the peppers are tender and the cheese is brown at the edges and bubbly., ingredients: [12 large jalapeno peppers, 2 ounces feta cheese, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces shredded smoked pepper Jack cheese, or other hot pepper cheese, or extrasharp Cheddar, A small handful fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons grated onion], title: Roasted Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: ToQg2HV57nDNwa7UzhnT7.Z3xmWQva}, 30708: {instructions: In a large skillet set over moderate heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the shallots and cook them, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the bell pepper and cook it, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the tomatoes, garlic, thyme, salt and pepper and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the squid and cook, stirring for 1 to 2 minutes, or until it is white. Add the anchovy fillets, capers and black olives and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes more. Stir in parsley. Transfer the pasta to a serving dish, add the sauce and toss to combine., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into strips, 2 cups drained chopped tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds whole small squid, cleaned and cut into rings, 3 to 4 anchovy fillets, minced, 1 tablespoon drained and minced capers, 6 pitted black olives, chopped, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 12 ounces cooked and drained pasta], title: Calamari, Tomato and Bell Pepper Saute with Anchovies and Capers, picturelink: null}, 30709: {instructions: Cut the meat into 12 inch cubes and coat with flour seasoned with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a deep iron skillet, add meat and brown slowly, Add stock and seasonings. In another skillet, melt butter. Add bell peppers, potatoes, parsley, and onions and brown in butter. Pour the vegetables over the meat in skillet, add wine and simmer until meat is very tender, approximately 2 hours. Can be served over noodles, ingredients: [2 pounds tenderloin, sirloin or sirloin tip, Salt, Pepper, Flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup beef stock, 1 bay leaf, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 pinch fresh rosemary or dried, 34 cup butter, 1 bell pepper, chopped, 2 potatoes cut into large pieces, 2 tomatoes, quartered, 1 tablespoon parsley, 6 small onions or 1 cup pearl onions, 2 cups dry red wine], title: Firehouse Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 30710: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vanilla beans and vodka in a jar tall enough to hold the vanilla beans. Allow the mixture to sit at room temperature for at least a month until the vodka becomes vanilla extract and the beans are soft enough to cut the end and squeeze the seeds out. Add more vanilla or beans, as needed. The extract can sit at room temperature indefinitely., ingredients: [12 vanilla beans, 1 bottle vodka], title: Vanilla Extract, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 30711: {instructions: Place mustard in a medium mixing bowl, and slowly whisk in Herb Vinaigrette. Add shallots. Transfer to a small saucepan, and set aside.nIn a 10inch saucepan over high heat, bring court bouillon to a boil. Season both sides of the halibut with salt and pepper. Add halibut to the pot, and adjust the heat until the liquid simmers. Poach until a cake tester inserted into the center of the halibut meets little resistance and the cake tester, when left in the fish for 5 seconds, is just warm when touched to your lip, about 5 to 6 minutes. The halibut will be rare thinner steaks will poach in less time. Transfer the steaks to a warm plate, and set aside.nAdd the herbs to the vinaigrette, and warm over low heat. Remove the skin from the halibut, and place 1 steak in the center of each plate. Spoon the vinaigrette over and around the fish. Serve immediately.nHerb Vinaigrette:n2 teaspoons Dijon mustardn1 teaspoon fine sea saltn2 pinches freshly ground white peppern3 tablespoons red wine vinegarn3 tablespoons sherry vinegarn12 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oiln12 cup plus 1 tablespoon corn oilnIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together mustard, salt, pepper, red wine vinegar, and sherry vinegar. Whisking constantly, slowly drizzle in olive oil, and then corn oil. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nYield: 1 13 cupsnCourt Bouillon:n1 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegarn1 sprig fresh thymen12 small leek, cleanedn1 3inch piece carrot, peeledn1 3inch piece celeryn3 medium cloves garlic, peeledn2 bay leavesn1 teaspoon fine sea saltn1 12 teaspoons whole white peppercornsn7 cups waternIn a large saucepan over high heat, combine all ingredients with the water and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days, or in the freezer for up to 2 months.nYield: 6 cups, ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup Herb Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 small shallot, peeled and finely diced, 3 cups Court Bouillon, recipe follows, 4 8ounce halibut steaks, skin on, Fine sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons fresh chervil], title: Poached Halibut in Warm Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 30712: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the breadcrumbs and toast, stirring constantly, until they are crisp and golden, 4 to 5 minutes, taking care not to let them burn. Scrape into a small bowl and toss with the lemon zest and parsley and then season with salt.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions until al dente while you make the sauce. Wipe out the skillet used to toast the breadcrumbs and return it to mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil and, when the oil is hot, add the broccoli and toss to coat. Saute until it turns bright green, 2 to 3 minutes, then add the garlic and pepper flakes. Cook until the garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute, then pour in the stock. Simmer until the broccoli is tender, 5 to 6 minutes.nWhen the pasta is done, scoop it out of the water with a spider or a small strainer and add directly to the sauce, reserving the pasta water. Simmer the pasta with the sauce just to blend the flavors, 1 to 2 more minutes, then drizzle with a tablespoon or so of olive oil and toss again.nIf the sauce seems dry, add up to 12 cup pasta water. Off the heat, stir in the cheese. Serve in warmed bowls and sprinkle with the breadcrumb mixture.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 3 cups elbow macaroni about 12 ounces, 1 head broccoli, cut into small florets about 4 cups, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup freshly grated parmigianoreggiano], title: Elbow Macaroni with Crispy Breadcrumbs and Broccoli, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 30713: {instructions: In a heavybottomed saute pan, heat oil over medium heat. Add nuts, stirring with a wooden spoon to coat. Sprinkle with 12 cup sugar. Stir until the sugar begins to caramelize, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat, and transfer to a medium bowl.nSprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, salt, cumin, and red pepper flakes. Toss well to combine. Let cool about 30 minutes. May be stored in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 cups whole blanched almonds, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Spiced Nuts, picturelink: null}, 30714: {instructions: Bring water and apple juice to a boil pour over cherries and steep for as long as possible. Sweeten to taste if need be with sugar or honey. Serve hot over ice cream, fresh fruit or cake., ingredients: [12 cup each of water and apple juice, 12 cup dried cherries, Confectioners sugar or honey to taste], title: Dried Fruit Sauce for Fresh Fruit, picturelink: null}, 30715: {instructions: Butter a baking dish and lay in the fruit halves, skinside down. Dot with the butter and sprinkle with the sugar. Add 2 tablespoons water to the bottom of the dish. Cover with foil and bake until the fruit is soft, about 10 minutes. Uncover and finish baking for 10 minutes, until the fruit is slumping. Serve with almonds sprinkled on top., ingredients: [12 cup110 g butter, plus more for the baking dish, 2 pounds1 kg mixed ripe stone fruits  peaches, plums, apricots, halved and pitted, 12 cup95 g caster sugar, 13 cup30 g slivered almonds, toasted], title: Baked Stone Fruits, picturelink: null}, 30716: {instructions: Combine cornbread, toasted bread and crackers in mixing bowl. Pour stock into saucepan and add celery and onion. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes, allow to cool. Add stock mixture to bread crumb mixture with beaten eggs, butter, sage, salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nTake each artichoke, making certain they are welldrained, and carefully pull the leaves back slightly in order to stuff. Place the stuffing inside the core, and add a bit between the leaves. Place in a lightly oiled baking pan and bake for 1520 minutes, until stuffing is nicely browned., ingredients: [4 artichokes, parboiled for 15 minutes, choke removed, 4 cups crumbled cornbread, 2 cups toasted bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 saltine crackers, 2 cups vegetable stock, 3 celery stalks, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 large eggs, 12 stick butter, 1 teaspoon dried sage, Salt and pepper], title: Artichoke with Mamas Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: null}, 30717: {instructions: Soak the rice, cinnamon sticks, lemon zest and whole cloves in the water in a heavy saucepan for 1 hour.nAfter soaking, bring the rice mixture to a boil on high heat, uncovered. When it starts to boil about 5 minutes, lower the heat to medium and cook for 10 to 12 more minutes or until water is almost evaporated.nWhile rice is cooking, beat the egg in a bowl. Add the milk and stir well to mix. Add the egg mixture, vanilla extract and condensed milk to the rice and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring carefully, until it thickens slightly or until desired consistency, about 25 to 35 minutes.nLet cool uncovered.nNote: be aware that as the rice cools it thickens. The finished product will be thinner than traditional rice pudding., ingredients: [1 cup longgrain white rice, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 3 whole cloves, 4 cups water, 1 egg, 3 cups whole milk, 1 12ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup raisins, optional], title: Arroz con Leche, picturelink: CaoT0lOmiFe7500783x1aPtSu2OQ.te}, 30718: {instructions: Bring stock to boil. Reduce heat and keep warm. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium high heat. Add onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add 1 chili, garlic, cumin and cinnamon and stir 1 minute. Add rice and stir until coated with onion mixture. Add wine and stir until almost all liquid evaporates. Add 1 cup stock and stir until almost all liquid evaporates. Continue adding stock and stirring until rice is tender but still firm to bite and mixture is creamy, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Add 14 cup cheese and stir until melted. Spoon risotto into bowls. Top with remaining chili and cheese., ingredients: [3 12 to 4 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 Poblano chilies, roasted, julienned, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 112 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup grated Manchego cheese], title: Latin Risotto, picturelink: null}, 30719: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the yogurt sauce by combining the yogurt, cilantro, lime juice, garlic, hot sauce, salt and pepper in a bowl. Refrigerate until you need it.nBrush the sliced zucchini, yellow squash, eggplant, onions and mushrooms with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill in batches until soft and tender, about 4 minutes per side.nArrange the grilled veggies on a platter and serve with the sauce, ingredients: [2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lime, 1 clove garlic, grated, 3 to 4 dashes hot sauce, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 zucchini, cut into long slices, 4 yellow squash, cut into long slices, 1 eggplant, cut into long slices, 2 red onions, peeled and sliced, 12 cremini mushrooms, halved, Olive oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Vegetables with CilantroYogurt Dressing, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 30720: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, over medium heat, fry the bacon until just crisp. Add the jalapenos and saute until slightly softened. Stir in the Zesty Rice Salad and cook until rice is heated through. Add corn, diced tomatoes, and chili seasoning. Continue to fry on medium heat until corn is cooked and tomatoes are hot. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro before serving.nHeat oil over medium heat in a medium sauce pot. Add garlic, and rice and saute for 2 minutes until rice is toasted. Add 2 14 cups water, chili seasoning and season with a pinch of salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and let cool.nIn a large bowl combine onion, yellow pepper, cooled rice, beans, vinegar and cilantro. Mix well and serve., ingredients: [2 strips bacon, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeds removed and diced, 2 cups leftover Zesty Rice Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 1 tablespoon chili seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 2 14 cups water, 1 tablespoon chili seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium red onion, diced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 1 14.5ounce can red beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Web Exclusive Round 2 Recipe: Mexican Fried Rice, picturelink: BBfM7z3hOgp436zfiDasQpvWI9a0Ai}, 30721: {instructions: Make the Meatballs: In a large bowl soak bread crumbs in milk 10 minutes. Finely chop onions.nAdd onions and remaining meatball ingredients except olive oil o bread crumb mixture and with your hands blend together until just combined well do not over mix.nForm mixture into walnutsize balls and arrange on large trays or baking sheets.nIn a large heavy skillet heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown meatballs in batches without crowding, shaking skillet to maintain round shape and adding remaining oil as necessary. Transfer meatballs as browned and any browned onions that fall from meatballs with a slotted spoon to a 7 to 8 quart heavy kettle.nMake the Sauce: In a large sieve set over a bowl drain tomatoes, reserving juice, and chop.nTo meatballs add chopped tomatoes with reserved juice, garlic, and oregano and simmer, covered, 30 minutes. Transfer meatballs with a slotted spoon to a bowl and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Briskly simmer sauce untilnreduced to about 2 cups, about 25 minutes. Season sauce with salt and peppernand gently stir in meatballs. Meatballs in sauce may be made 3 days aheadnand cooled completely, uncovered, before being chilled, covered. Reheatnmeatballs in sauce before serving.nGently stir parsley into meatballs and sauce., ingredients: [1 cup fine fresh bread crumbs, 1 12 cups milk, 2 medium onions, 2 12 pounds ground beef chuck, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, About 12 cup olive oil, for browning meatballs, 1 28 to 32ounce can whole plum tomatoes including juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleafed parsley leaves], title: Meatballs in Winter Tomato Sauce, picturelink: wVQjIbLfxeK2domG.fvF1DK1dlrxHti}, 30722: {instructions: Lightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the chicken for 15 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through, turning the chicken halfway through grilling. Remove the chicken to a cutting surface. Let cool for 5 minutes. Cut into strips. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a 6quart saucepot over medium heat. Add the onions, carrots, parsnips and fennel and cook for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Add the broth and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook for 30 minutes or until the vegetables are very tender.nStir in the chicken, peas and parsley and heat through. Season to taste. Divide the soup mixture among 8 serving bowls., ingredients: [3 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves about 34 pound, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, diced about 2 cups, 3 large carrots, diced about 2 cups, 2 medium parsnips, diced about 2 cups, 1 bulb fennel or anise, trimmed and diced about 1 cup, 4 Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu2122 or Certifed Organic, 1 can about 15 ounces blackeyed peas, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Fall Vegetable Soup with BlackEyed Peas and Grilled Chicken, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 30723: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 2quart gratin dish or other ovenproof casserole.nCut off the entire rough exterior of the celery roots, making sure that all brown parts are removed. You will be removing about 14 to 12inch of the exterior of each. Next, cut each celery root in 12 lengthwise. Turn one 12 cut side down, and cut into 14inch wide pieces. Repeat with the remaining celery root. Set aside.nCut off the fronds and the dark green parts of each fennel bulb, leaving just the bulb. Cut each bulb in half lengthwise. Cut each half lengthwise into 14inch thick slices.nIn a vegetable steamer, combine the celery root and fennel and steam for 5 minutes. Remove from the steamer and set aside to cool slightly.nCut the apples into 14inchthick rings.nPlace 13 of the celery root on the bottom of the prepared dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Overlap with 13 of the apple slices, and sprinkle with a little more salt but no pepper. Put 13 of the fennel over the apples, and once again sprinkle with salt and pepper. Repeat with the remaining celery root, apple, and fennel. Pour cream around the sides of the dish until the cream reaches about halfway up the dish. Sprinkle the top of the gratin with the cheese. Cover and bake for 35 minutes, or until the vegetables and apple feel tender when pierced with a fork or a skewer. Turn the oven to broil, remove the cover, and broil until the gratin is golden brown and bubbling, about 3 minutes.nLet cool 15 minutes to allow the cream to firm up slightly and serve., ingredients: [2 large celery roots about 1 pound each, 2 fennel bulbs about 12 pound each, 2 Granny Smith or other tart, firm apples about 1 pound total, peeled and cored, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 112 cups heavy cream, 8 ounces Colbystyle cheese, such as Orb Weaver, coarsely grated about 2 cups or use aged, but not sharp, cheddar], title: Fennel, Apple and Celery Root Gratin, picturelink: null}, 30724: {instructions: Place the carrots, broth and 1 teaspoon of the oil in a large skillet and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cover, reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook until the carrots are tender, 12 to 14 minutes. Uncover and cook, stirring, until the liquid has evaporated and the carrots are lightly browned, another 2 to 3 minutes. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nMeanwhile, combine the mint, parsley, juice, zest and remaining 3 teaspoons oil in a small dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss the warm carrots with the herb mixture., ingredients: [1 12 pounds carrots, cut on a diagonal into 3inchlong pieces, halved lengthwise, 12 cup lowsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 4 teaspoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped mint, 14 cup chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: PanRoasted Carrots with Mint and Parsley Gremolata, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 30725: {instructions: Slice the potatoes about 116inch thick on a mandoline. Put the potato slices in a large bowl of cold water and agitate the water to release the starch. Drain and repeat until the water remains clear, about three more times. Line two baking sheets with paper towels and spread the potatoes on top in a single layer pat dry thoroughly.nFill a large, wide pot with 2 inches of oil. Heat the oil to 315 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Fry a small batch of potatoes until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined pan with a large slotted spoon and sprinkle with chicken salt. Repeat with the remaining potatoes, returning the oil to temperature between batches., ingredients: [3 medium Yukon Gold potatoes, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 tablespoon chicken salt], title: Homemade Potato Chips with Chicken Salt, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 30726: {instructions: Put the dried anchovies, kombu, onion and 4 cups cold water in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes, then strain the broth into a large saucepan discard the solids. Bring the broth back to a simmer, add the corn syrup, gochujang, brown sugar, gochugaru, garlic and beef bouillon and stir to combine. Add the tteok and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the broth is thickened and reduced by twothirds, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a medium pot of water to a boil and blanch the ramen noodles until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and set aside.nWhen the broth is reduced, add the fishcakes, ramen noodles and scallions. Simmer for 1 to 2 more minutes until well coated. Garnish with the halved eggs and sesame seeds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup dried anchovies about 1 ounce, Two 2inch pieces kombu, 1 small yellow onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup light corn syrup, 3 tablespoons gochujang Korean red pepper paste, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons gochugaru Korean red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon minced garlic about 2 cloves, 1 tablespoon beef bouillon paste, 3 cups tteok Korean cylindrical rice cakes about 1 pound 2 ounces, One 3ounce package dried instant ramen noodles, flavor packet discarded, 1 12 cups Asian fishcakes, cut into 1inch triangles, 3 scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 hardboiled eggs, peeled and halved lengthwise, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish], title: RabokkiTteokbokki Spicy Ramen and Rice Cake, picturelink: t2lA69w6T6ZQSSdkx7pDLhe56IZIDu}, 30727: {instructions: Fill mixing glass with ice. Add the ingredients, stirring with a bar spoon. Strain into a chilled, stemmed cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon grass and raspberries., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Absolut Citron, 1.5 oz. Sugei Sake, 2 oz. sweet and sour, 1 oz. Chambord, Lemon grass and raspberries garnish, Ice], title: Tokyo Ginza Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 30728: {instructions: For the Carrot Butter: Melt the butter.nIn a medium saucepan on mediumhigh heat, let the carrot juice reduce by half. It will take approximately 25 minutes.nOnce its reduced, transfer the reduced juice to a tall, hand blender friendly container.nSlowly pour in the butter, and blend to create an emulsion. Basically, you want a uniform color a sure sign that the butter and juice have come together. Add salt and pepper to taste.nYou can store it in an airtight container in your fridge, but you need to reheat it before using again as the butter will harden, and give it another buzz.nFor the scallops: Score the scallops with a checkerboard pattern and season with salt and pepper.nIn a pan on high heat, add a splash of canola oil. Add the scallops and cook 2 minutes per side. Plate him or her on a simple white dish. Drizzle a generous amount of the carrot butter over each scallop and garnish with a handful of micro arugula., ingredients: [12 pound semisalted butter, 1 liter 1 quart carrot juice, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 fresh sea scallops, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, Handful fresh micro arugula], title: Chucks Carrot Butter, picturelink: null}, 30729: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat. Drizzle olive oil evenly over mushroom caps liberally then rub with rosemary and grill seasoning. Grill 3 to 4 minutes on each side  until dark and tender. Remove the caps and reserve.nWhile mushrooms cook, toast split rolls or bread under broiler until deeply golden then rub with 1 clove of cracked, split garlic. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil over the bread and season with a little pepper then chop bread into cubes.nRub the inside of a bowl with remaining cracked clove of garlic. Combine the lemon juice, Dijon, Worcestershire, hot sauce and anchovy paste. Whisk in 13 cup extravirgin olive oil. Add the greens and bread to the bowl and toss greens with dressing to coat. Add cheese to salad and toss again then season with black pepper, to taste. Top servings of salad with sliced mushrooms across the top., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 13 cup, 8 large portobello mushroom caps, brushed clean with a damp towel, 1 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, a few sprigs, 1 tablespoon, a palm full, grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 2 crusty semolina rolls or 12 small loaf semolina bread, 2 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco eyeball it, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste  a must for me, optional for you, 3 hearts romaine, chopped, 1 cup grated Parmigiano or Romano, a few generous handfuls, Ground black pepper], title: Sliced Grilled Portobello Mushroom SortaCaesar Salads, picturelink: null}, 30730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, combine the ricotta cheese, olives, pine nuts, olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Pulse until smooth. Add the parsley and pulse until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nCooks Note: To toast the pine nuts, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 6 to 7 minutes until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [One 15ounce container whole milk ricotta cheese, 1 cup large green olives, pitted about 12, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted 2 12 ounces see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 14 packed cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Serving suggestion: serve on grilled bread, in endive leaves or as a dip for crudite.], title: Ricotta, Olive and Pine Nut Spread, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 30731: {instructions: Heat a large sauce pot over medium high heat. Add 3 to 4 tablespoons of olive oil. Once oil is hot, add fennel bulb, fresh thyme, and butter. Allow to cook until the fennel begins to turn golden amber brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Add white wine and garlic. Add vegetable stock and white beans. Reduce heat and allow soup to come to a gentle simmer. Simmer for 30 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve by ladling 5 to 6 ounces of soup into a bowl. Garnish with a few fresh thyme leaves and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. See Cooks Note., ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for garnish, 2 fennel bulbs, julienne, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 gallon vegetable stock, 6 to 8 cups cooked white beans, Sea salt, White pepper], title: Caramelized Fennel and White Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 30732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith a very sharp knife, cut the chicken breasts in half down the middle. This will result in 8 chicken breast pieces that are thinner and uniform in size.nNext, make the marinade. In a large bowl mix together the honey, mustard, paprika, salt, pepper to taste, lemon juice and crushed red pepper flakes if using. Stir to combine.nAdd the chicken to the marinade and toss to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the fridge, 2 to 4 hours.nWhile the chicken marinates, fry up the bacon until chewy. When finished cooking, reserve 14 cup of the bacon grease and pour off the rest of the grease but do not clean the skillet.nWhen you are ready to cook the chicken, remove it from the marinade and cook it in the skillet over mediumhigh heat, 3 to 4 minutes each side. Brush a little reserved bacon grease on the chicken as you cook it. Or you can grill the chicken breasts on an indoor or outdoor grill.nWhen a couple of minutes grilling time are left, lay 2 pieces of bacon onto each chicken breast. Top with some Cheddar and allow it to melt on the grill if you need to remove the chicken you can finish melting the cheese under the broiler.nHalve the rolls and immediately load with the baconandcheese covered chicken., ingredients: [4 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup honey, 12 cup Dijon mustard or countrygrainy mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, Crushed red pepper, for sprinkling, optional, 1 pound thickcut bacon, sliced in half, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 8 soft whole grain buns], title: Ranch Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: tBXMCPMK4RTijpJFm0x5RkMUrEB4YGe}, 30733: {instructions: Puree the pisco, horseradish, lemon juice, aji Amarillo puree, soy sauce, Worcestershire, pepper and large celery stalks in a blender until smooth.nDivide the puree among 4 tall glasses filled with ice. Top with tomato juice and stir. Garnish each glass with a leafy celery stalk., ingredients: [5 ounces pisco, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons aji Amarillo puree, or 14 teaspoon habanero hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, plus 4 small inner stalks with leaves, for garnish, Ice, for serving, 2 cups tomato juice, chilled], title: Pisco Maria Bloody Mary with Pisco, picturelink: null}, 30734: {instructions: Cut the zucchini into 1inch sections, hollow inside using a melon baller or teaspoon leaving 14 inch on bottom, set aside.nIn a saute pan heat 3 teaspoons of the olive oil and heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent. Add chopped garlic and corn, stir, and add roasted red pepper, green chile, and chopped oregano saute until corn is fully cooked. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Fill zucchini cups. Top with queso fresca and garnish with fresh oregano., ingredients: [10 small zucchini, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped white onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups corn, 12 cup diced roasted red pepper, 14 cup chopped green chile, Salt and pepper, 1 cup queso fresco fresh cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano], title: Calabacita Cups, picturelink: null}, 30735: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to medium. Whisk together the honey and balsamic vinegar in a small bowl. Brush the breasts on both sides with oil, if desired, and season with salt and pepper. Grill the breasts for 7 to 10 minutes per side or until golden brown and cooked through. Brush with the honey glaze during the last few minutes of cooking. Serve on a bed of sauce or with sauce drizzled over.nPlace peas, vinegar, mint, cilantro, jalapeno, and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and taste for seasoning.nAdd the honey and blend again. If the mixture if too thick, blend in a few tablespoons of cold water., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 whole bonein chicken breasts, Olive oil, for grilling, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Green Pea and Mint Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups frozen peas, blanched and drained well, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno, grilled or roasted, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil or canola oil, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Grilled Honey Glazed Chicken with Green Pea and Mint Sauce, picturelink: 5Rgl.S8X6aqO7FgYHrugmfUk0n2dxi}, 30736: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pot pie: Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown the pork on all sides. Remove to a plate and set aside.nTo the Dutch ovenwith the brown bits still in the potadd the onions, garlic and oregano cook, stirring, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the flour until completely combined into a roux. Pour in the cognac and simmer until reduced by half. Add the chicken broth and cream, and stir to combine. Add the browned pork. Bring to a simmer, partially cover the pot, and braise over medium heat until the pork is just fork tender, 1 12 hours. Stir in the kale, carrots and potatoes, cover, and cook over mediumlow heat for another 15 minutes.nFor the biscuit topping: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and sugar. Add the milk and the egg, stirring until just combined. Stir in the Monterey Jack and the melted butter stir until a batter consistency is reached.nSpoon tablespoonsize balls of the batter over the pot pie until the top is fully covered with biscuit balls. Brush the tops of the biscuits with milk.nBake until the biscuit topping is golden and cooked through, 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, cut into medium dice, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup flour, 12 cup cognac, 6 cups chicken broth or stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 cups chopped kale, 4 medium carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound small red potatoes, halved, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup milk, plus for brushing, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 34 cup grated Monterey Jack, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Porky Pot Pie with Cheesy Drop Biscuits, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 30737: {instructions: In a large bowl combine flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon salt.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the thawed corn, egg, milk, and vegetable oil. Pour into the bowl with the dry ingredients and combine. Allow to rest for 5 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a cast iron pan on mediumhigh heat, add enough vegetable oil to fill the pan about 12inch deep. When the oil begins to swirl, add the batter in batches to the pan using a small ice cream scoop or 14 cup measure to make each hoecake. Gently spread into a circle, if needed. Flip the hoecakes when the air pockets begin to pop on the surface of the batter and a peek underneath the cake reveals a golden rim and surface, about 2 minutes.nOnce the second side is golden brown, transfer the hoecakes to a baking sheet in a warm oven and continue making the rest. Serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup cornmeal recommended: Indian Head, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, Kosher salt, 34 cup frozen yellow corn, thawed, 1 egg, beaten, 1 12 cups milk, plus extra to thin batter, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus extra for frying, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Sweet n Corny Hoecakes, picturelink: fTQL2D652PfOQMGOqSfyQuiXe2iCNU6}, 30738: {instructions: Heat a grill pan and broiler. Brush the halved baguette with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Put the bread onto a hot grill pan and grill cutside down over high heat. Remove the grilled bread and spread the top of the bread with the goat cheese. Place the bread under the broiler and broil until the cheese is lightly golden brown. Top each slice of bread with a few slices of tomato and a poached egg. Cooks Note: Break the yolks on the sandwich. Put the micro arugula in a bowl and toss with a few tablespoons vinaigrette and season with salt and black pepper. Top each egg with some of the greens and drizzle with more of the vinaigrette.nVinaigrette: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard, tarragon, and salt in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil, until emulsified. Whisk in the honey and black pepper., ingredients: [Baguette, sliced lengthwise, Olive oil, to brush, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces fresh goat cheese, 2 thinly sliced heirloom tomatoes, 4 large eggs, poached, 1 cup micro arugula, Black PepperTarragon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Fresh chervil leaves, to garnish, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Poached Eggs on Toasted Baguette with Goat Cheese, and Black Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 30739: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9inch baking dish.nArrange the bread cubes tightly in the prepared baking dish. Beat together the butter, milk, vanilla and eggs in a large bowl. Add the granulated and brown sugars, whiskey and cinnamon and mix until the sugars are dissolved. Pour the mixture over the bread. Sprinkle the cherries and pecans all over.nPut the baking dish on a baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden brown, 55 to 70 minutes. Let rest for 20 minutes before serving with Whiskey Cream Sauce.nCombine the butter, cream, sugar and whiskey in a saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture reaches a low boil. Pour a small amount over the individual servings of bread pudding., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for the baking dish, 5 cups challah bread cubes 1inch cubes, 5 cups milk, 3 tablespoons vanilla, 4 large eggs, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup lightly packed brown sugar, 12 cup whiskey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup roughly chopped dried cherries, 12 cup roughly chopped pecans, Whiskey Cream Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup whiskey], title: Fancy Bread Pudding, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 30740: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in an ovenproof skillet over medium heat cook the onions, garlic, and parsley until softened, about 10 minutes. Scrape out onto a plate and allow the mixture to cool set the pan aside. Pour the milk over the bread into a medium bowl and let it soak while the onions are cooling. Combine the meats in a large bowl and add the egg and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Squeeze the excess milk from the bread and add the bread to the bowl along with the cooled onion mixture. Using your hands, gently combine all the ingredients until they are thoroughly mixed. Dont overmix or the meatballs will be tough. Divide this mixture into 10 pieces and form them into patties. Place a mozzarella cube onto each patty and bring up the sides around the cheese to form a ball completely enclosing the cube.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the remaining oil in the skillet over medium heat and brown the meatballs on all sides, about 10 minutes. Put them into the oven and bake until the meatballs are cooked through, about 15 minutes.nCook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the pasta and put it onto a large serving platter. Pour on half the Sugo Sauce and mix well. Place the meatballs over the spaghetti and garnish with the basil leaves. Serve immediately along with the extra sauce and Parmesan.nPour the olive oil into a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and half the basil and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Add the olives, capers, and remaining basil. Carefully add the tomatoes nothing splashes like tomatoes and about 12 cup of the reserved liquid cook until the sauce is thick, about 15 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup milk, 4 thick slices firm white bread, crust removed, cut into cubes, about 2 cups, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 pounds ground pork, 1 egg, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound mozzarella cheese, cut into 10 1inch cubes, 2 cups heated Sugo Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound dried spaghetti, 8 fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 bunch fresh basil leaves, hand torn, 1 cup pitted Alfonso olives, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed, liquid reserved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 30741: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 brown paper lunch bags or 4 large sheets parchment paper or waxed paper see notenPut tomatoes in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add oregano, parsley, garlic, onion, capers, peppers, olives, lemon juice, pepper oil, and 4 tablespoons of the extravirgin olive oil. Stir gently just to mix and set aside at least 1 hour. Adjust seasonings, if desired. Mixture will become more liquid and saucelike over time.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook linguini until al dente. Drain and toss with remaining 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Reserve.nTo cook the fish: See Chefs Note below if using waxed paper. Place a small square of parchment or waxed paper at the bottom of each paper bag. Place small pile of linguini in each of the bags. Top with a spoonful of tomato sauce, making sure to moisten the linguini with the juices. Lay a piece of fish on top and arrange with another spoonful of sauce. Moisten again with juices from the sauce and season with salt and pepper.nFold over the tops of the bags, place them on a baking sheet, and bake for 15 minutes.nTo serve, transfer the bags to 4 dinner plates and let each diner cut open the package to enjoy the aromas., ingredients: [3 cups vineripened plum Roma tomatoes, cored and cut into thin wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup 1 small minced red onion, 2 tablespoons rinsed, drained, and roughly chopped capers, 12 cup roasted red or yellow bell peppers, coarsely chopped, 12 pitted and sliced Greek olives such as kalamata or Gaeta olives, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons pepper olive oil or 12 teaspoon dried chili flakes, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound dried linguini, 4 6ounce swordfish steaks], title: Lunchbag Swordfish with Mediterranean Tomato Sauce and Linguini, picturelink: n47jPbChXDE1V0yEGvUHJcRLUpF0Eu}, 30742: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place bread on a work surface and using a 3inch cookie cutter, cut a round crouton from the center of each piece of bread. Brush both sides of the croutons with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the croutons on a baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes or until lightly golden brown.nHeat olive oil and butter in a large skillet over high heat. Season the fillets with salt and press the coarsely cracked black pepper onto 1 side of each fillet. Place the fillets pepperside down into the skillet and sear until golden brown, turn the fillets over and continue cooking for 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare doneness. Remove the steaks to a plate. Remove all but 3 tablespoons of the fat in the pan and return to high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown and their liquid has evaporated. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the red wine and reduce by half. Add the broth and cook until reduced by half. Whisk in the mustard and butter and cook for 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place each fillet on top of a crouton and spoon some of the sauce over.nHeat oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook slowly until caramelized. Add the garlic and balsamic vinegar and cook for 2 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9inch baking pan a place a layer of potatoes on the bottom and season with salt and pepper. Spoon 15 of the onion mixture over the potatoes and top with 14 cup of the heavy cream and a tablespoon of parsley. Repeat to make 5 layers. Sprinkle the cheese over the top of the potatoes. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft and the cream has been absorbed., ingredients: [4 slices, countrystyle bread, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 beef fillet steaks, about 6 ounces, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 2 shallots, finely diced, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup beef broth, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large Spanish onion, peeled and sliced thinly, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large potatoes, peeled and sliced thinly, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese], title: Tournedos of Beef in Mushroom, Mustard and Red Wine Sauce with Caramelized OnionPotato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 30743: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush the tortillas with 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Bake until crisp, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nAdd the cherry tomatoes, avocado and half of the parsley to a bowl and add the chile pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons olive oil and a third of the garlic. Stir together and set aside.nIn a large saucepan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the remaining parsley and garlic. Add the shrimp and cook until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side, then remove the shrimp from the pan. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and add the cream. Cook, covered, until it thickens like a sauce, about 4 minutes. Add the clams and cover. Cook over medium heat until the clams are fully opened, about 7 minutes. Peel the shrimp reserve the shells and remove the clams from their shells. Chop the shrimp and clams and reserve.nFill a small pot halfway with water and add the onions, shrimp shells and some salt and bring to a simmer. Cook, 20 minutes, to make a broth. Strain the broth into the cream sauce to enhance the flavors. Add the cayenne.nPlace 1 toasted tortilla on each of 4 plates. Top each with the shrimp and clam mixture add the tomatoavocado salsa. Finish with the cream sauce., ingredients: [4 flour tortillas, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 avocado, chopped, 1 bunch Italian parsley, chopped, 12 teaspoon red chile flakes, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound shrimp, deveined, in their shells, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pounds fresh clams, rinsed, 1 onion, chopped, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Italian Clam Tacos, picturelink: rjAlsnM7R043Ne191cpvGTn5WIYHgXS}, 30744: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBreak apart the cauliflower into large florets and cut off the thicker stems. Set the cauliflower pieces stem side down in a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Pour the wine and broth into the dish and drizzle olive oil over the cauliflower. Sprinkle with the oregano, and salt and pepper, to taste. Scatter the garlic over everything. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and bake until tender, about 30 minutes. The florets should fall apart if you poke them with your finger.nMeanwhile, stir the bread crumbs, chopped parsley, and 1 tablespoon olive oil together in a small bowl. When the cauliflower is tender, sprinkle the bread crumb mix and the cheese over the florets and put the dish, uncovered, back in oven until the topping is browned, about 15 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 heads cauliflower, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup canned chicken broth or water, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling cauliflower, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 garlic cloves, sliced thinly, 12 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 cup coarsely shredded Parmesan or pecorino], title: Roasted Cauliflower, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 30745: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Cook the rice as the label directs. Meanwhile, toss the cauliflower with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and a generous pinch each of salt and pepper spread on a rimmed baking sheet. Broil, stirring occasionally, until lightly charred and tender, about 10 minutes.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the peanuts and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Remove to a small bowl with a slotted spoon and season with salt and pepper.nAdd the snow peas, bell pepper and ginger to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until crisptender, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the scallions white and green parts and cauliflower toss. Add the chili sauce and soy sauce and continue to cook, stirring often, until the vegetables are glazed, about 2 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork top each serving with the stirfry, toasted peanuts and cilantro.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup jasmine rice, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup salted roasted peanuts, 1 cup snow peas about 4 ounces, trimmed, 1 yellow bell pepper, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger, 3 scallions white parts sliced, green parts cut into 2inch pieces, 13 cup sweet Thai chili sauce, 1 12 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup fresh cilantro], title: Cauliflower StirFry with Toasted Peanuts, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 30746: {instructions: Season fish pieces with salt, pepper and seafood seasoning. Heat a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, red pepper flakes, garlic and anchovies. Melt anchovies into oil. Add snapper, skin side down and crisp the skin. Turn and brown the fish in oil 3 mintutes. Add wine and deglaze the pan lift up drippings then add sundried tomato pieces, capers and scallions and stir in chicken stock. Stir the stewsoup or stoup gently so you do not break up the fish. Bring the broth to a simmer and cook another 3 to 5 minutes to combine flavors.nServe fish in shallow bowls with plenty of crazy broth. Garnish with parsley and pass plenty of crusty bread for dipping, dunking and mopping, ingredients: [2 12 pounds red snapper fillet with skin, cut into 3inch chunks, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning blend recommended: Old Bay, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 jar flat anchovy fillets, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, 5 or 6 pieces not in oil, available in produce department, packaged in pouches, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, 3 scallions, chopped, 1 quart chicken stock, available in paper containers on soup aisle, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Red Snapper in Crazy Water: Acqua Pazza, picturelink: null}, 30747: {instructions: Mix together the lime juice, white wine and creme de cassis. Sift in the sugar and whisk well to mix. Stir in the chopped mint. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour. Rinse the berries and dry them carefully. Divide them among serving dishes such as small soup plates. Strain the lime mixture and spoon it over the berries.nTo shape the sorbet, dip a dessert spoon in hot water, then scrape it across the surface of the sorbet, rolling the sorbet into the spoon to make a neat shape.nPut the sorbet on top of the berries, add a sprig of mint and serve.nRemove hulls from the strawberries, then wash and dry them. Puree the strawberries with the lemon juice in a blender or food processor.nCombine the sugar and 6 tablespoons water in a saucepan and bring to the boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool completely. Stir in the strawberry puree.nFreeze the mixture in a ice cream machine according to the manufacturers instructions.nAlternatively, pour the mixture into a large freeze proof bowl, cover and freeze until almost set.nTransfer to a food processor and whiz until broken up and well mixed. Transfer the bowl, cover and freeze for 3 hours or until almost set, then whiz in the food processor again. Cover and freeze for 2 hours.nJust before serving, mash the sorbet well with a fork. If the sorbet is left in the freezer and has frozen very hard, transfer it to the refrigerator for 20 to 30 minutes before serving so that it can soften sightly., ingredients: [3 limes, juiced, 12 cup Chablis or other dry white wine, 4 tablespoons Creme de Cassis blackcurrant liqueur, 2 ounces icing sugar, 2 teaspoons chopped mint, 12 ounces mixed summer berries, such as strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, wild strawberries, blueberries, and loganberries, Strawberry sorbet, recipe follows, Fresh mint, for garnish, 12 ounces ripe red strawberries, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 ounces sugar, 6 tablespoons water], title: Marinated Fruits with Its Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 30748: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the chickpeas, water, tahini, 5 tablespoons lemon juice, salt, and garlic and puree. While the motor is running, pour in the olive oil and process until fully incorporated. Season with pepper, to taste. Store in the refrigerator for 6 hours, for the flavors to come together.nWhen ready to serve, remove the hummus from the refrigerator and stir in the remaining 2 teaspoons lemon juice and parsley. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with flat breads and olives. Store any leftover hummus in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 34 cup water, 12 cup tahini, 5 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Serving suggestion: Assorted flat breads, and brinecured olives], title: Hummus, picturelink: null}, 30749: {instructions: 10 empty 6ounce tomato paste cans, cleanednButterflavored nonstick cooking spraynPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix all ingredients except for 12 cup shredded cheese. Set aside. Spray nonstick butter spray inside cans. Fill each can about 23 full with corn muffin batter. Divide remaining 12 cup shredded cheese evenly over top. Place cans on baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 12 cups Jack and Cheddar cheese blend, 2 boxes corn muffin mix, 2 large eggs, 23 cup buttermilk, 2 cups creamed corn], title: Canned Corn Bread Muffins, picturelink: null}, 30750: {instructions: Bring 2 cups water to a rolling boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. Add the pasta and chicken stock to the water and cook, covered, 12 minutes. Drain the pasta and rinse with cold water. Set aside to cool in a large saucepan.nAdd the heavy cream, Greek yogurt, beef stock, cream cheese, mozzarella, Parmesan, asiago, blue cheese, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, sugar, dry mustard, white pepper, half of the dill, 12 stick butter and 1 tablespoon black pepper in a pot and blend together. Place on the stove over low heat and cook, covered, stirring once every minute to keep the cheeses from sticking.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 12 stick butter in a nonstick skillet and add the lamb and bacon. Add the paprika, remaining tablespoon seafood seasoning, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 tablespoon black pepper. Cook until the bacon fat has rendered down and the lamb is cooked all the way through and tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Drain the excess grease, then add the meat mixture to the cheese sauce stir and simmer, covered, 5 minutes. Add the pasta to the cheese sauce and stir together.nAdd the oil to skillet and heat until hot. Add the pita bread and fry, 1 minute. Lightly dust the pita chips with salt and the remaining dill. Place the Greek mac and cheese in each of 4 bowls and serve with fried pita on the side of each., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, 3 cups elbow macaroni, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups Greek yogurt, 12 cup beef stock, 12 cup cream cheese, 12 cup freshly shredded mozzarella, 12 cup freshly shredded Parmesan, 14 cup shredded asiago cheese, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 3 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons ground white pepper, 4 sprigs fresh dill, finely chopped, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds boneless lamb, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 pound bacon, diced, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil 2 rounds pita bread, each cut into 4 wedges], title: Lamb Mac and Cheese, picturelink: rjAlsnM7R043Ne191cpvGTn5WIYHgXS}, 30751: {instructions: For the mousse, mix together the ricotta, egg yolk, and sugar, beating well. Add the lemon juice and zest and then the finely chopped watercress. Stir in the gelatin and season with salt and pepper. Whisk the egg whites until they are stiff, and fold in.nLine small ramekins with plastic wrap and fill with mousse bringing the wrap over the top of the mousse. Chill until the mousse is just set. Unmold and serve., ingredients: [3 12 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon caster sugar superfine, 1 lemon, juiced, zest grated, 7 ounces watercress leaves, finely chopped, 12 sachet powdered gelatin, dissolved in 4 tablespoons water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg whites], title: Watercress Mousse, picturelink: null}, 30752: {instructions: In a cake pan or Dutch oven, melt the butter and sugar together over medium heat until they begin to caramelize. Reduce heat and arrange the quartered peaches in the caramel mix at the bottom of the pan to create a decorative top to the cake and remove from the heat. Mix the cake batter according to package directions. Pour the batter slowly over the peaches and bake according to package directions. Let the cake cool about 30 minutes before unmolding, slicing and serving., ingredients: [12 cup butter 1 stick, 14 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 peaches, peeled and quartered, 1 box your favorite lemon cake mix], title: Lemon Cake, picturelink: null}, 30753: {instructions: For the hardboiled eggs: Fill a large, deep saucepan with a tightfitting lid with 2 inches of cold water. Place the eggs in it and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Immediately turn off the heat and cover with the lid. Let sit for 12 minutes. Transfer to a colander and rinse under cold water.nOnce cooled, peel the eggs and slice in half lengthwise. Scoop out the yolks and place 4 yolks in each of 3 bowls. Mash well with a fork.nLine a large serving platter with the greens.nFor the pickles and capers: Add the mayonnaise, chopped capers, mustard and gherkins to one of the bowls of yolks and mash together until thoroughly incorporated. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the filling among 8 egg halves. Top each with some capers and place on the platter.nFor the wasabi and ginger: Add the mayonnaise and wasabi to the second bowl of yolks and mash together. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the filling among 8 egg halves. Top each with a slice of pickled ginger and a small piece of cucumber and place on the platter.nFor the sesame carrot: Add the mayonnaise, sesame oil, sesame seeds and carrot to the remaining bowl of yolks and mash together. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the filling among the remaining 8 egg halves. Top each with more sesame seeds and place on the platter., ingredients: [12 large eggs, in their shells, Greens, for lining the serving platter, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard, 2 sweet gherkins, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon prepared wasabi, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pickled ginger, for garnish, 3 cucumber slices, cut into quarters, for garnish, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, plus more for garnish, 12 small carrot, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Deviled Eggs, Three Ways, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 30754: {instructions: Cut bananas in half so that both halves have all the skin on. Cut the halves lengthwise so the bananas are shaped like boats and LEAVE THE SKIN ON. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. If using butter, brush bananas lightly before sprinkling with cinnamon sugar.nPlace bananas cut side down for 1 to 3 minutes or until bananas have grill marks. Turn over and continue cooking until warmed through. When the banana skin starts to pull away from the fruit, theyre done.nEat right out of the skin while still warm or serve on top of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 bananas, cut in half, Cinnamon sugar, Melted butter, optional], title: Grilled Bananas, picturelink: null}, 30755: {instructions: Blend all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 cup frozen strawberries, 12 cup frozen blueberries, 12 cup peeled banana, 12 cup orange juice, 34 cup pasteurized egg substitute, 34 cup soy milk], title: Post Workout Shake, picturelink: null}, 30756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the pork on 1 side with salt and pepper, to taste. In large heavybottomed pan, over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and heat until almost smoking. Add the pork chops, seasoned side down. Sear the chops until golden brown, 2 minutes per side. Remove the chops from the pan to a sheet tray or roasting pan.nIn food processor, crush the cookies until they resemble bread crumbs, not a dust. In a medium bowl, blend by hand, the butter, panko, herbs, curry and cookies until the mixture resembles a well mixed crust. Combine the mustard and jelly in a small bowl. Evenly coat the top of each pork chop with the mustard mixture then cover with cookie mixture.nRoast the chops until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the chops from the oven to a serving platter and garnish with chives. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 4ounce bonein pork chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 dozen oatmeal cookies, storebought or homemade, 14 pound butter, room temperature, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 3 tablespoons apricot jelly, 1 teaspoon chopped chives], title: Oatmeal Cookie Pork Chop, picturelink: null}, 30757: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a slow cooker, combine all ingredients but the couscous, shredded cheese, cilantro and salt and pepper. Cover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours.nFive to 10 minutes before serving depending on temperature of slow cooker add couscous, cover and cook, until couscous is tender. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nJust before serving, top each serving with shredded cheese and cilantro., ingredients: [1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 4 cups reducedsodium vegetable broth, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 15ounce can white cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 15ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup frozen baby lima beans or regular lima beans, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced pickled jalapeno from can or jar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano or regular oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 to 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 13 cup couscous, 12 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetarian Chili, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 30758: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 1quart mason jarnIn a saucepan over medium heat, combine the vinegar, honey, sugar and pumpkin pie spice. Heat until the sugar dissolves, 2 to 3 minutes. You do not want this to get too hot or it will cook the peaches.nPut the ginger in the bottom of a 1quart mason jar, then fill with the peaches. Pour the liquid over the peaches. Seal with a lid and place in the refrigerator. They will be ready to eat in 1 to 2 weeks and will last in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 14 cups rice wine vinegar, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1inch chunk ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 12 pounds peaches, pitted and quartered], title: Pickled Peaches, picturelink: IlLdgiusfHyhCcIQwJZ12KOzqaR2VOq}, 30759: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the onion until fragrant and translucent. Add the Italian sausage meat, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon and brown it until no longer pink, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain the excess fat from the sausage meat, and set aside to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl stir together the drained and squeezedried spinach, ricotta, 1 12 cups Parmesan, eggs, cooled Italian sausage and onion mixture, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nPlace the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the fresh pasta rectangles for 1 minute and remove with a slotted spatula. Set aside.nIn a 9 by 13inch baking dish, spread 2 cups tomato sauce. Working with 1 pasta rectangle at a time, spread 6 tablespoons filling along one edge and roll the pasta sheet up tightly, leaving the ends open. Repeat until you have 8 cannelloni.nArrange the prepared cannelloni, seamside down, in a single layer in the baking dish. Spoon the remaining 2 cups tomato sauce evenly over the cannelloni. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup grated Parmesan over top.nBake the cannelloni for 20 minutes and let it stand for 10 minutes before serving.nServe the cannelloni with extra tomato sauce from the baking dish and garnish with fresh basil.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the onion until fragrant and translucent. Add the Italian sausage meat, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon and brown it until no longer pink, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain the excess fat from the sausage meat, and set aside to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl stir together the drained and squeezedried spinach, ricotta, 1 12 cups Parmesan, eggs, cooled Italian sausage and onion mixture, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nPlace the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the fresh pasta rectangles for 1 minute and remove with a slotted spatula. Set aside.nIn a 9 by 13inch baking dish, spread 2 cups tomato sauce. Working with 1 pasta rectangle at a time, spread 6 tablespoons filling along one edge and roll the pasta sheet up tightly, leaving the ends open. Repeat until you have 8 cannelloni.nArrange the prepared cannelloni, seamside down, in a single layer in the baking dish. Spoon the remaining 2 cups tomato sauce evenly over the cannelloni. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup grated Parmesan over top.nBake the cannelloni for 20 minutes and let it stand for 10 minutes before serving.nServe the cannelloni with extra tomato sauce from the baking dish and garnish with fresh basil.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the onion until fragrant and translucent. Add the Italian sausage meat, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon and brown it until no longer pink, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain the excess fat from the sausage meat, and set aside to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl stir together the drained and squeezedried spinach, ricotta, 1 12 cups Parmesan, eggs, cooled Italian sausage and onion mixture, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nPlace the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the fresh pasta rectangles for 1 minute and remove with a slotted spatula. Set aside.nIn a 9 by 13inch baking dish, spread 2 cups tomato sauce. Working with 1 pasta rectangle at a time, spread 6 tablespoons filling along one edge and roll the pasta sheet up tightly, leaving the ends open. Repeat until you have 8 cannelloni.nArrange the prepared cannelloni, seamside down, in a single layer in the baking dish. Spoon the remaining 2 cups tomato sauce evenly over the cannelloni. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup grated Parmesan over top.nBake the cannelloni for 20 minutes and let it stand for 10 minutes before serving.nServe the cannelloni with extra tomato sauce from the baking dish and garnish with fresh basil.nTo make fresh pasta dough:nMound the flour on a clean work surface. Hollow out the center making a well in the middle of the flour with steep sides.nBreak the eggs into the well. Add the salt, and olive oil to the hollow center and gently mix together with a fork. Gradually start incorporating the flour by pulling in the flour from the sides of the well. As you incorporate more of the flour, the dough will start to take shape.nWith your hands or a bench scraper continue working the dough until it comes together. If the dough is too dry, add a little water if too wet or sticky, add a little flour.nBegin kneading the dough and keep kneading until it becomes smooth and elastic, about 8 to 10 minutes. At this point, set the dough aside, cover it with plastic, and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes. You can store the dough in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours, but allow it to return to room temperature before rolling it out.nDivide the pasta dough into 4 even sections. Keep each section covered with plastic wrap or a clean towel while you work with each one. Flour the dough, the rollers of a pasta roller or your rolling pin, your hands, and the work surface.nIf using a pasta machine: Flatten 1 of the of the dough pieces between your hands or with a floured rolling pin until it forms a thick oval disk. Dust the disk, the roller, and your hands with additional flour. Flour a baking sheet to hold the rolled out finished pasta.nWith the roller on the widest setting, pass the pasta through the machines rollers a few times until it is smooth. Fold the dough over into 13, and continue to pass through a few more times until the pasta is smooth again. Begin adjusting the pasta machine settings to become thinner, passing the dough through a few times at each setting.nIf rolling the pasta by hand: Flatten a dough piece into a thick oval disk with your hands. Flour a baking sheet for the rolled out finished pasta. Place the oval dough disk on a floured work surface, and sprinkle with additional flour. Begin rolling out the dough with a floured rolling pin working from the center of the dough outwards, constantly moving the dough and lifting it to make sure its not sticking.nTo make fresh pasta dough:nMound the flour on a clean work surface. Hollow out the center making a well in the middle of the flour with steep sides.nBreak the eggs into the well. Add the salt, and olive oil to the hollow center and gently mix together with a fork. Gradually start incorporating the flour by pulling in the flour from the sides of the well. As you incorporate more of the flour, the dough will start to take shape.nWith your hands or a bench scraper continue working the dough until it comes together. If the dough is too dry, add a little water if too wet or sticky, add a little flour.nBegin kneading the dough and keep kneading until it becomes smooth and elastic, about 8 to 10 minutes. At this point, set the dough aside, cover it with plastic, and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes. You can store the dough in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours, but allow it to return to room temperature before rolling it out.nDivide the pasta dough into 4 even sections. Keep each section covered with plastic wrap or a clean towel while you work with each one. Flour the dough, the rollers of a pasta roller or your rolling pin, your hands, and the work surface.nIf using a pasta machine: Flatten 1 of the of the dough pieces between your hands or with a floured rolling pin until it forms a thick oval disk. Dust the disk, the roller, and your hands with additional flour. Flour a baking sheet to hold the rolled out finished pasta.nWith the roller on the widest setting, pass the pasta through the machines rollers a few times until it is smooth. Fold the dough over into 13, and continue to pass through a few more times until the pasta is smooth again. Begin adjusting the pasta machine settings to become thinner, passing the dough through a few times at each setting.nIf rolling the pasta by hand: Flatten a dough piece into a thick oval disk with your hands. Flour a baking sheet for the rolled out finished pasta. Place the oval dough disk on a floured work surface, and sprinkle with additional flour. Begin rolling out the dough with a floured rolling pin working from the center of the dough outwards, constantly moving the dough and lifting it to make sure its not sticking.nTo make fresh pasta dough:nMound the flour on a clean work surface. Hollow out the center making a well in the middle of the flour with steep sides.nBreak the eggs into the well. Add the salt, and olive oil to the hollow center and gently mix together with a fork. Gradually start incorporating the flour by pulling in the flour from the sides of the well. As you incorporate more of the flour, the dough will start to take shape.nWith your hands or a bench scraper continue working the dough until it comes together. If the dough is too dry, add a little water if too wet or sticky, add a little flour.nBegin kneading the dough and keep kneading until it becomes smooth and elastic, about 8 to 10 minutes. At this point, set the dough aside, cover it with plastic, and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes. You can store the dough in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours, but allow it to return to room temperature before rolling it out.nDivide the pasta dough into 4 even sections. Keep each section covered with plastic wrap or a clean towel while you work with each one. Flour the dough, the rollers of a pasta roller or your rolling pin, your hands, and the work surface.nIf using a pasta machine: Flatten 1 of the of the dough pieces between your hands or with a floured rolling pin until it forms a thick oval disk. Dust the disk, the roller, and your hands with additional flour. Flour a baking sheet to hold the rolled out finished pasta.nWith the roller on the widest setting, pass the pasta through the machines rollers a few times until it is smooth. Fold the dough over into 13, and continue to pass through a few more times until the pasta is smooth again. Begin adjusting the pasta machine settings to become thinner, passing the dough through a few times at each setting.nIf rolling the pasta by hand: Flatten a dough piece into a thick oval disk with your hands. Flour a baking sheet for the rolled out finished pasta. Place the oval dough disk on a floured work surface, and sprinkle with additional flour. Begin rolling out the dough with a floured rolling pin working from the center of the dough outwards, constantly moving the dough and lifting it to make sure its not sticking.nTo make Simple Tomato Sauce:nIn a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, and garlic and cook until soft and golden brown. Add the basil and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes with their juices and bring to a boil, stirring often. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the sauce has thickened. With a potato masher, break up the tomatoes to achieve a saucelike consistency.nSeason with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve.nCooks Note: Tomato sauce will last 1 week in the refrigerator and up to 6 months in the freezer.nTo make Simple Tomato Sauce:nIn a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, and garlic and cook until soft and golden brown. Add the basil and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes with their juices and bring to a boil, stirring often. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the sauce has thickened. With a potato masher, break up the tomatoes to achieve a saucelike consistency.nSeason with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve.nCooks Note: Tomato sauce will last 1 week in the refrigerator and up to 6 months in the freezer.nTo make Simple Tomato Sauce:nIn a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, and garlic and cook until soft and golden brown. Add the basil and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes with their juices and bring to a boil, stirring often. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the sauce has thickened. With a potato masher, break up the tomatoes to achieve a saucelike consistency.nSeason with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve.nCooks Note: Tomato sauce will last 1 week in the refrigerator and up to 6 months in the freezer., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed or bulk sausage meat, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 1 12 cups plus 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Pasta Dough, rolled out and cut into 6 by7inch rectangles, recipe follows, 4 cups Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh basil, for garnish, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed or bulk sausage meat, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 1 12 cups plus 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Pasta Dough, rolled out and cut into 6 by7inch rectangles, recipe follows, 4 cups Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh basil, for garnish, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed or bulk sausage meat, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 1 12 cups plus 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Pasta Dough, rolled out and cut into 6 by7inch rectangles, recipe follows, 4 cups Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh basil, for garnish, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil or 1 tablespoon dried basil, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil or 1 tablespoon dried basil, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil or 1 tablespoon dried basil, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Sausage, Spinach, and Ricotta Cannelloni, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 30760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan over high heat, combine the blueberry preserves, chipotle powder, orange zest and juice and 2 tablespoons of the mustard. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reduce the heat and to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until berries begin to burst and at a thick sauce consistency, about 10 to 15 minutes. Pour into a serving bowl and set aside.nPreheat the broiler.nRub the tenderloin with the remaining 1 tablespoon of the mustard and season on all sides with salt and pepper. Put the pork on a foillined sheet tray on a wire rack and broil approximately 5 to 6 inches from the heat source. Turn the meat about every 3 to 5 minutes, cooking until an instantread thermometer registers 145 degrees F, about 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside on a cutting board and allow to rest about 5 minutes, tented with foil.nSlice the pork and transfer it to a serving platter. Serve with the blueberry sauce., ingredients: [2 cups blueberry preserves, 14 teaspoon chipotle powder, 12 orange, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pork tenderloin roughly 1 12 pounds], title: Spicy Blueberry Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 30761: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Combine the creme fraiche, buttermilk, basil, parsley, chives, thyme, garlic, lemon juice and onion powder with a whisk in a medium bowl. Fold in the blue cheese, season with salt and pepper and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the wedge: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until fragrant, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool and then chop.nDivide the lettuce wedges among 4 plates. Top each with 14 cup of the dressing, the tomatoes and toasted pecans. Serve the remaining dressing on the side. Eat right away, ingredients: [Dressing:, 1 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons sliced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced about 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, Wedge:, 34 cup pecans, 1 head iceberg lettuce, quartered and core removed, 1 cup halved grape tomatoes], title: Blue Cheese Ranch Wedge, picturelink: n8ZmaRLVTeyE24Ef5.t7TfKIuVnpTgW}, 30762: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: Combine the flour, salt and butter in a large bowl. Using a bench scraper or pastry cutter, cut the butter into the flour until the butter is peasized. Slowly add the ice water, folding it into the flour until a dough comes together, being mindful not to overwork it. If the dough is too dry, add another tablespoon of ice water at a time. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and form it into a disk. Wrap it in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough out into a 18inchthick circle. Then roll it up onto the rolling pin and gently lay it out on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nFor the filling: In the center of the rolled out dough, add the plums and sprinkle them with the brown sugar, ginger, vanilla, lemon juice, salt, flour and butter. Fold the edges of the dough over to create a rough border it doesnu00bft have to be perfect, just good enough to form a wall. Brush the edges with milk and sprinkle with turbinado sugar.nBake until the filling is bubbling and thickened, and the crust is golden brown, 45 minutes. Cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional bench flour, Pinch salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, chunked, 12 cup ice water, plus more as needed, 1 12 pounds red plums, pitted and sliced, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Juice of 1 lemon, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 tablespoon butter, cubed, Milk, for brushing, Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling], title: Rustic Ginger Plum Tart, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 30763: {instructions: Preheat a grill or a large rectangular grill pan over medium heat. Brush the grill grates or grill pan will canola oil before the grilling breadnRoll out the dough with a rolling pin on a floured work surface into a long rectangle, about 14inch thick. Put the dough onto the grill or gill pan and grill for 3 minutes per side. Remove the bread from the grill and put on a sheet pan.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees FnBrush the grilled flat bread with the Chicken Souvlaki marinade. Top with onion, tomato, chicken, and feta cheese. Bake until flat bread is cooked through and the cheese is melted, about 10 minutesnRemove from oven and let cool for 2 minutes. Drizzle with Tzatziki Sauce, slice and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 bag 1 pound refrigerator pizza dough, at room temperature, Flour, 1 12 tablespoons leftover Souvlaki Marinade, from Chicken Souvlaki recipe, 14 cup leftover chopped onions from Chicken Souvlaki recipe, 14 cup leftover tomatoes from Chicken Souvlaki recipe, 1 cup chopped leftover chicken from Chicken Souvlaki recipe, 1 4ounce container crumbled feta cheese, 3 tablespoons leftover Tzatziki Sauce from Chicken Souvlaki recipe], title: Round 2 Recipe  Greek Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 30764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDipping SaucenCan be found at specialty Asian markets.nVegetable oil, for fryingnFor the ravioli:nIn a small bowl, combine the ricotta cheese, sugar, vanilla extract, mint leaves, and orange zest. Scrape in the seeds from the vanilla bean and mix well. Using a pastry brush, brush the edges of the potsticker wrappers with the beaten egg. Spoon 1 teaspoon of the ricotta mixture into the center of the potsticker wrappers. Fold the dough over the filling to create a halfmoon shape. Pinch the edges of the dough to seal.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes. In batches, fry the ravioli for 30 seconds on each side until golden. Drain on paper towels.nFor the dipping sauce:nIn a small saucepan, combine the orange juice and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for 20 minutes. Stir in the chopped mint.nArrange the ravioli on a platter. Pour the dipping sauce into a small dipping bowl and serve alongside the ravioli., ingredients: [Ravioli, 12 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 12 teaspoons orange zest, from 1 medium orange, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 egg, beaten, 24 round potsticker Gyoza wrappers , 12 cup fresh orange juice, from 1 medium orange, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Ricotta and Vanilla Ravioli with Orange Mint Dipping Sauce, picturelink: 2P4rcXLkG0rVlGLOAP3TRlZNCBK3ZT6}, 30765: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saute pan over medium high heat. Saute celery and 13 cup green onions until soft. Set aside.nPreheat the broiler.nIn a large bowl, mix the cracker crumbs, 14 cup green onions, egg, parsley, seafood seasoning, and salt. Add the sauteed onion and celery, and the crabmeat and gently mix.nForm the crab mixture into 8 cakes using either a round mold or your hands. Place the cakes, not touching, on a metal baking sheet. Broil the crab cakes for about 4 minutes. Gently turn them over, careful not to break them, and broil the other side. At the end of 8 minutes, they should be nicely browned.nHeat stovetop grill on medium high heat. Alternately, you can make this recipe on an outdoor grill. Crown the buns by cutting off the rounded tops with a bread knife. This will leave you with 8 buns with flat tops. Cut in half lengthwise, if not already split. Brush the outsides with olive oil.nOn the inside of the top half of each bun, spread about 1 tablespoon of the basil sauce and 12 tablespoon of the onion relish. You can vary the amounts to your taste. Place a crab cake on the bottom half of the bun and cover with the top half of the bun.nGrill each sandwich for 1 to 2 minutes per side. While you grill, press down on the sandwich with a metal spatula. This will flatten the sandwich, and make pretty grill marks on the bun. The sandwich is done when it is lightly browned on each side. Cut the sandwiches into halves or quarters and serve.nMix all ingredients in a food processor and set aside.nToss the ingredients together in a small bowl and set aside., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup minced celery, 13 cup minced green onion, plus 14 cup, 12 cup cracker crumbs, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 1 12 teaspoons seafood seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound lump Maryland blue crabmeat, 8 semihard round buns, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Onion Relish, recipe follows, Basil Sauce, recipe follows, 2 small garlic cloves, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, washed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 34 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup red onion, chopped, 12 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano], title: Blue Crab Cake Panini, picturelink: null}, 30766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crepe: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk the eggs until smooth. Add the flour in parts, then slowly add the milk, sugar, melted butter and salt. Let rest for 30 minutes.nAdd 12 cup of the batter to a 12inch nonstick skillet and cook crepe on one side for 2 to 3 minutes before flipping. Repeat for the remaining batter.nFor the chutney: In a saute pan, over medium heat, melt half of the butter. Add the wine, brown sugar, cinnamon, apples, star anise, cloves and salt and pepper. Allow this mixture to cook and reducefuse the flavors together for 20 minutes. Then add the remaining butter.nFor the sausage: Heat an oiled castiron pan over medium heat and brown the sausage on all sides until cooked through, about 8 minutes, then remove and reserve. Add the sage to the hot sausage grease until crisp, 10 to 15 seconds, and remove to paper towel with a slotted spoon.nFor the sandwich build: Lay out the warm crepes and place a sausage in the center, add a dollop of mascarpone on top and roll like a pig in a blanket. Place some apple compote on top and garnish with some fried sagekill it with a knife and fork, ingredients: [3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons melted butter, 1 large pinch salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup white wine, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 4 honey crisp apples, peeled, small diced, 2 whole star anise, 2 cloves, Pinch salt and pepper, 6 links breakfast sausage, 6 sage leaves, chiffonade, 12 cup mascarpone], title: Giant Pigs in a Blanket, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 30767: {instructions: Heat a heaping tablespoon of olive oil in a fry pan with 1 tablespoon of margarine and add onions. When the onions are slightly brown add the garlic and continue to stir. Add the rice to the pan, and pour in about 1 cup of champagne. As the rice begins to cook, add a pinch of salt and stir continuously.nPour some olive oil on the lamb chops and sprinkle some parsley flakes on them. Then add the lamb and sausages to a hot grill and cook well on both sides.nSlice the veal and sear the pieces in a hot frying pan on both sides. Once cooked through, add the veal, chopped sausages and lamb chops to the rice mixture.nIn a separate frying pan heat 1 tablespoon of butter and saute the sliced mushrooms. Once cooked, add them to the rice mixture.nHeat the tomato sauce in a pan and add 3 pinches of dried basil. Add the sauce to the rice mixture and sprinkle some Parmesan cheese over the top.nFinally cut up a bundle of scallions and sprinkle over the rice and serve., ingredients: [Olive oil, Margarine, 3 red onions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, diced, 12 cup rice, 1 cup champagne, Pinch salt, 1 package lamb chops, Parsley flakes, 1 package sausages snags, 1 package veal, sliced, 1 tablespoon butter, 8 mushrooms, sliced, 1 16ounce jar tomato sauce, Dried basil, Handful grated Parmesan cheese, 3 to 4 scallions, diced], title: Braised Rice with Lamb Chops, Sausages and Veal Strips Topped with Mushrooms and a Basil Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30768: {instructions: Cook the olive oil, sesame oil, red onion, garlic, ginger root, and red pepper flakes in a small, heavy bottomed pot on medium heat until the onion is transparent, 10 to 15 minutes. Whisk in the vinegar, sugar, soy sauce, sesame paste, ketchup, sherry, and lime juice cook for 1 more minute. Cool and use as a dip for the Grilled Lemon Chicken Skewers., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 23 cup smalldiced red onion 1 small onion, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 1 12 teaspoons fresh ginger root, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons good red wine vinegar, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup sesame paste tahini, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice], title: Satay Dip, picturelink: null}, 30769: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Divide the dough into 4 pieces on a floured surface. Brush a baking sheet with olive oil. Stretch the dough into four 6inch rounds place on the baking sheet and bake until golden, about 12 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Toss the ramps or scallions with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with kosher salt. Saute until just wilted, about 1 minute. Transfer to a cutting board and cut into pieces.nMix the ricotta, lemon zest, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and some sea salt and pepper in a bowl. Brush the crusts with olive oil this will protect them from getting soggy, then spread with the ricotta mixture and season with sea salt. Top with the ramps or scallions. Return to the oven until warmed through, about 2 minutes.nTop the pizzas with basil, parmesan and a drizzle of olive oil.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 pound pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling, 6 ounces ramps or scallions, trimmed, Kosher salt, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Coarse sea salt, Coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, Grated parmesan cheese, for topping], title: Spring Pizzas, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 30770: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometer 3 baking sheetsnIn a large, heavy saucepot fitted with a deepfrying thermometer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Line one baking sheet with paper towels line a second baking sheet with parchment and set a rack over a third baking sheet.nCut the ends off the onions and peel the skin. Slice the onions crosswise into three rounds, then separate into rings.nPlace the dill pickle chips on the papertowellined baking sheet, cover with more paper towels and dry well.nWhisk the eggs in a medium bowl. Add the buttermilk and whisk to combine. In another medium bowl, whisk together the flour, 1 tablespoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Place the breadcrumbs in a shallow dish.nToss the onions rings in the seasoned flour coat well. Then dip the onion rings in the buttermilk mixture. Dredge the onion rings a second time in the flour and again in the buttermilk for a double dredge. Toss the onion rings in the breadcrumbs and place on the parchmentlined baking sheet.nUse the same doubledredge processflour, buttermilk, flour, buttermilk, pankofor the pickle chips.nIn batches, fry the onion rings until golden brown, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Remove to the rack to rest. Sprinkle immediately with salt.nFry the pickle chips until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove to the rack and sprinkle with salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 to 3 quarts vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 large onions, 12 cup dill pickle chips, 4 large eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups panko breadcrumbs], title: Fried Pickles and Onion Rings, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 30771: {instructions: Season the snapper fillets with salt and pepper. Preheat a saute pan with the olive oil until the oil is hot, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the snapper to the hot pan, flesh side down, and cook over medium heat 4 to 5 minutes. Turn to cook the skin side an additional 3 to 4 minutes. The fillets will curl inwards briefly, but once they have cooked for a minute, they will begin to relax and lay flat again, allowing you to cook the skin side to a crispy texture. Lift out the snapper with a slotted spatula, leaving the juices and oil in the pan. Add the sundried tomatoes, garlic, and shallots, and saute together for 2 minutes. Add the fresh herbs to the pan. Stir quickly, just to heat the herbs enough to release their aromas. Pour the sundried tomato and herb mixture over the snapper. Then drizzle a teaspoon of basil oil over each fillet and around the dish., ingredients: [4 fiveounce pieces of red snapper fillet, skin on, but with all pin bones removed, 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 clove garlic, finelyminced, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, soaked in hot water, drained, and julienne, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 4 teaspoons basilflavored olive oil], title: Sauteed Red Snapper with Basil Oil and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 30772: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nDefrost spinach in microwave.nPlace fries in oven on a baking sheet.nPlace lamb in a bowl. Add grill seasoning, 2 teaspoons cumin, chili powder, coriander, oregano, cinnamon and feta crumbles. Wring the spinach dry in a kitchen towel and add to lamb. Mix the lamb and form a long 3inch roll on a baking sheet. Coat lamb with extravirgin olive oil and bake 20 minutes.nPlace fries and lamb in oven and roast 20 minutes.nMix yogurt, a grated clove of garlic, cucumber, the juice of 1 lemon and 12 teaspoon cumin. Slice and reserve the tomatoes, cucumbers and drain hot peppers, chop and reserve.nIn a small sauce pot, melt butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook 1 minute. Add Worcestershire sauce and whisk in stock. Season gravy with salt and pepper and reduce 5 minutes.nSoften pita over open gas flame or under broiler.nSlice lamb loaf into 14inch slices. Spread yogurt on pitas and top with a 2 slices of lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers and hot peppers. Serve 2 pitas per person. Serve fries with gravy for dipping alongside., ingredients: [1 10ounce package frozen spinach, 1 sack wafflecut frozen fries, 2 pounds ground lamb, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning, a couple of palm fulls, 2 12 teaspoons ground cumin, divided, 1 tablespoon chili powder, a palm full, 1 tablespoon coriander, a palm full, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 13 palm full, 2 to 3 pinches ground cinnamon, 1 cup feta crumbles, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 14 cucumber, peeled and grated, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, 12 cucumber, thinly sliced, Hot pepper rings, sliced banana peppers, for sandwich garnish, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 pita breads], title: Ground Gyros Platter Deluxe, picturelink: dHJuubtzjBwEoscPtUXiKwY05LpAk6}, 30773: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the graham crackers and salt and finely chop. Pour the graham cracker crumbs into a bowl and slowly add all of the butter. Mix until the crumbs are well incorporated and stick together. Press into an 8inch springform pan, forming a 2inch crust going up the side. Bake until the crust just sets, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and refrigerate to cool.nIn a bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the sweetened condensed milk. Then slowly add in the lime juice and zest. Pour into the cooled crust and bake until the custard sets with just a slight jiggle, 12 to 15 minutes. Keep an eye on this, as it can overcook easily. Place in the refrigerator and cool at least 6 hours, or overnight. Serve with the Mango Coulis and Chile Spiced Whip Cream.nPuree the mangoes with 12 cup water and the sugar in a food processor. Strain into a saucepan and cook over medium heat until thick and reduced, about 20 minutes. Refrigerate.nIn a stand mixer, whip the heavy cream, confectioners sugar and chile powder until fluffy but firm peaks form. Be careful not to overwhip or it will become grainy. Adjust the seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [1 box graham crackers, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 4 egg yolks, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon lime zest, Mango Coulis, recipe follows, Chile Spiced Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 mangoes, peeled and cored, 23 cup sugar, 8 ounces heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon chile powder], title: Que Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 30774: {instructions: In a blender, add yogurt, ice, milk and chocolate syrup. Puree until smooth. Moisten the rims of each glass and press into crushed candy cane. Drizzle chocolate syrup in each glass then pour in smoothie., ingredients: [2 cups chocolate yogurt, 1 cup ice, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons chocolate syrup, plus extra for glass, 3 candy canes, crushed], title: Chocoholic Smoothie with Peppermint Rim, picturelink: omaG7xbQqjp1jKKwq0L1G8dSkONyIOy}, 30775: {instructions: Combine wellchilled ground chuck with bourbon and Worcestershire sauce and mix lightly with a fork to combine. Add oregano, cumin, salt, and pepper and mix lightly with a fork to combine. Combine more thoroughly with hands, being careful not to over mix. Separate meat mixture into 6 even portions and form into patties. Set patties on a board.nHeat nonstick grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nHeat olive oil and butter in nonstick skillet over medium heat for 1 minute. Add onion slices to skillet and toss in the oil and butter. Add salt, pepper, oregano, and cumin and toss. Continue to saute onions, but start cooking burgers.nPlace patties on grill pan and cook for 2 12 minutes on 1 side. Flip patties and place cheese on top of each. Cook for 1 minute and then tent foil over patties and cook for 1 12 minutes. Remove patties from grill and place on a clean board. Replace foil tent over patties and let rest for 5 minutes. Turn heat under grill pan down to low and give pan a quick wipe with a damp paper towel held in tongs.nOnce onions start to turn slightly golden, pour bourbon into skillet, off the burner. Once alcohol cooks off, turn heat under skillet down to low, and let onions absorb liquid.nPlace bun halves on grill pan and toast until lightly golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from grill pan and butter with 12 tablespoon of butter per bun. Place 1 patty on each bun bottom, top with approximately 14 cup onions, and bun top.nServe and enjoy, ingredients: [30 ounces ground chuck 20 percent fat, 2 12 tablespoons bourbon recommended: Bulleit brand, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 14 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 14 teaspoons table salt, 30 grinds fresh black pepper, 6 ounces Dubliner cheese Kerrygold brand, thinly sliced and divided into 6 1ounce servings, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter European style, 1 large Vidalia onion, halved through the core and thinly sliced 14inch, 14 teaspoon table salt, 8 grinds fresh black pepper, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup bourbon recommended: Bulleit brand, Brioche hamburgersized buns, halved, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter European style, at room temperature], title: Bourbon Burger, picturelink: null}, 30776: {instructions: Mix butter, sugar and cocoa. Melt in a bowl set over hot water. Add beaten egg and mix thoroughly. Remove from heat. Add graham cracker crumbs, coconut, vanilla, and walnuts. Press firmly into an 8 by 8inch pan. Place in refrigerator while mixing the next layer.nSecond layer: Cream the butter, confectioners sugar, and custard powder. Add small amount of milk. Beat until light and creamy. Spread on top of bottom layer. Place this in refrigerator for at least 20 minutes.nTopping: Melt chocolate and butter together in a bowl set over hot water. Mix well and spread on top. Chill in refrigerator., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 14 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons cocoa, 1 egg, well beaten, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 12 cup butter, 2 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons custard powder, 1 tablespoon milk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoon butter], title: Chudleighs Nanaimo Bars, picturelink: null}, 30777: {instructions: Slice the tuna in three thin paillards and marinate in the white wine, thyme, salt, and pepper. Lightly coat the radicchio wedges in salt, pepper and olive oil and grill until tender and slightly charred. Grill the pancetta until caramelized and crispy. Dice and set aside. Place radicchio in a bowl with the pancetta, green olives, balsamic and a drizzle of olive oil and toss to coat. Grill the lemon wedge. Grill the paillards of tuna on one side only until cooked to medium rare. Place radicchio salad in the center of the plate then add the tuna. Garnish with a drizzle of the marinade and top with the grilled lemon., ingredients: [6 ounces albacore or ahi tuna, 2 ounces white wine, 3 sprigs thyme, Salt and pepepr, to taste, 1 small head radicchio, cut into 4 wedges, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for cooking, 1 slice pancetta, 5 green pitted olives, 1 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 wedge Meyer lemon, 14 lemon], title: Grilled Marinated Tuna with Radicchio Balsamic and Meyer Lemon, picturelink: null}, 30778: {instructions: Heat the oven as directed on package of bakeoff rolls. Arrange the rolls on a nonstick cookie sheet and sprinkle the rolls with about 1 teaspoon of smoked paprika, 13 palmfull. Bake rolls until golden and soft and remove.nWhile rolls cook, heat a deep nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add vegetable oil then melt butter into the oil and add chicken. Crumble and brown meat 3 to 4 minutes then add in the garlic and onions. Add 1 tablespoon smoked paprika and 2 tablespoons of grill seasoning to the chicken. Continue to cook over mediumhigh heat.nMix hot sauce, tomato sauce, Worcestershire, brown sugar, mustard in a small bowl then stir into the meat and reduce heat to low. Stir in about 12 cup of water to keep the mix loose as it simmers. Simmer gently 10 minutes. Split rolls and scoop chicken into them and serve., ingredients: [12 bakeoff dinner rolls, any brand, 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, divided, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds ground chicken, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium to large onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Seasoning blend by McCormick, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it, 1 8 ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 rounded tablespoonfuls spicy brown mustard, 12 cup water], title: Devilish Sloppy Chicken Mini Sammies, picturelink: null}, 30779: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nSkewer the prawns onto metal or wooden skewers if using wooden skewers, soak them in water for 30 minutes before threading. Place skewers on grill and grill for 5 to 10 minutes, or until prawns become opaque brush with about half of the BBQ sauce while grilling. Remove from grill when cool enough to handle, remove prawns from skewers. While waiting for shrimp to cool slightly, fill 8 shot glasses about halfway full with sauce and then place 1 prawn in each shot glass, tail sticking out. Garnish with a lime or lemon peel twist., ingredients: [8 jumbo prawns, peeled and deveined, with tail on, 1 cup BBQ sauce recommended: Jack Daniels BBQ Sauce, divided, 8 lime or lemon peel twists], title: Jack Daniels Shrimp Shooters, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 30780: {instructions: In skillet add oil saute salmon. In saucepan combine shallots, mushrooms, mussel juice, fish stock and lemon juice. Heat until sauce is reduced by 34. Whip in butter. Add sesame oil and strain. Emulsify with hand blender. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [Canola oil, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, 3 shallots, minced, 2 mushrooms, minced, 8 ounces mussel juice, 4 ounces fish stock, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 pound butter, 1ounce sesame oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Salmon Beurre Legre, picturelink: null}, 30781: {instructions: In a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and add the onion and diced apple. Add brown sugar and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until onion begins to soften, stirring frequently. Add chopped fresh rosemary and parsley and mix to combine. Remove from heat. Stir in diced bread and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLay the chicken thighs out flat on a work surface. Cover with plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet or rolling pin until about 14inch thick. Spoon some of the apple filling into each thigh, making sure not to overstuff so you dont lose the filling while cooking. Roll up each thigh and secure with toothpicks.nHeat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large skillet over high heat. Generously salt and pepper each side of the thighs. Place thighs in the skillet and cook for 5 minutes on each side. Remove chicken from the pan to a serving platter and let rest for a few minutes before serving.nSmashed Potatoes:nAdd potatoes to a large pot and cover with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon of salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. In the meantime, add milk, butter, garlic, and rosemary sprig to a small saucepan and warm over low heat. Drain potatoes and return to the pot. Use a potato masher or large fork to mash the potatoes. Remove rosemary sprig from milk mixture and discard. Add the hot milk to the mashed potatoes. Mix to combine and season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored, peeled and diced, 1 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 slices whole wheat bread, toasted and diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless and skinless chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Smashed Potatoes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cubed, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 whole sprig rosemary, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Chicken Thighs with Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 30782: {}, 30783: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the mozzarella, feta and butter in a large bowl. Slice off the top 2 inches of the bread boule and hollow it out, reserving the top and insides for dipping. Fill the bread bowl with the cheese mixture. Transfer to a baking dish, cover loosely with foil and bake 20 minutes.nUncover and crack the egg on top of the cheese mixture. Continue baking, uncovered, until the egg white is almost set, 12 to 15 minutes, then broil until just set, 1 to 2 more minutes.nRemove from the oven and sprinkle with the red pepper flakes. Just before serving, break the egg yolk with a fork and beat into the melted cheese.nServe with the bread trimmings or crudites.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese about 8 ounces, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese about 4 ounces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 1 8inch sourdough bread boule, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: BreadBowl Mozzarella Dip, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 30784: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the polenta and semolina and set aside.nIn a heavy stainless pan or casserole, Combine the stock, cream, nutmeg, and salt and place over medium heat. Bring mixture to a simmer, and slowly but steadily whisk in the polenta and semolina.nContinue to stir, allowing the mixture to return to a simmer and then reduce the heat so that the mixture barely bubbles. Stir the polenta for about 5 more minutes, until it thickens and begins to pull away from the sides of the pot. Remove the pot from the heat. Sprinkle the grated cheese over the hot polenta and mix well.nWhile the polenta is warm spread it evenly in an ungreased 8 by 8inch square pan. Allow the polenta to cool for about 10 minutes and then cover it with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 2 to 3 hours or overnight.nAfter the polenta has thoroughly chilled, loosen the sides of the polenta by running a knife around the sides of the pan. Cut into 2 inch squares or as desired. Lift the pieces out carefully with a small spatula and place on a small sheet pan. Grill or broil the polenta pieces until they are golden brown. Serve with a variety of toppings such as Parmesan, bolognese, balsamic mushrooms and broccoli rabe with crushed chili flakes., ingredients: [12 cup polenta, medium grind, 12 cup semolina flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups cream, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 cup grated Fontina, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Polenta Party, picturelink: null}, 30785: {instructions: Before you begin this recipe, please take a class from a professional on working with sugar. This is a skill that professional pastry chefs develop after years of experience. Working with sugar will burn your fingers so know before you start that your fingers will develop burn blisters. Place the sugar, vinegar and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean. Pour the cooked sugar onto 3 or 4 silicone baking mats. If you want to color andor flavor the sugar with food colors andor flavored oils, this is the time to do so. Add a few drops of color to the sugar. Mix with a wooden skewer. To get started, push the sugar from the sides toward the center. This process takes a little while. Try to keep the sugar divided by color. Use the mat to push the firm sugar around the edges toward the center. Use a folding motion to accomplish that task. The next step is to pick up the sugar with your hands. Place each color under the heat of the sugar lamp. Pull the sugar until it becomes glossy and the color is evenly distributed. You will need to pull the colors simultaneously. Keep them under the sugar lamp but keep an eye on them. The lamp can melt the sugar so it is important keep rotating it and folding it onto itself.nStart with 2 colors. I used green mint and yellow lemon. Place the sugar pieces side toside. Pull and lengthen. Cut in half. Place them sidetoside again. Pull to lengthen. Cut in half and place them sidetoside. Now you have a flat piece of sugar that you are pulling long. Cut off the ends, they are bulky, when the sugar starts to harden. Make some waves to create the ribbon. Join the 2 edges to make a circular ribbon. Voila Beautiful for the holidays., ingredients: [Scant 5 cups sugar 1 kilo, 3 tablespoons vinegar 40 grams, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons water 250 grams, Essential oils  assorted flavors, Food color paste  assorted colors], title: Candy Ribbon, picturelink: null}, 30786: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the turkey and cook until the color changes, about 5 minutes. Next add the onions and cook till translucent. Then add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Next add the stock, hot sauce, chipotles, tomato paste, chili powder and cumin. Cook it on very low heat, covered, for about 40 minutes. Add threequarters of the bacon, saving onequarter for garnish, and cook for an additional 20 minutes, uncovered. Add salt if needed. Serve topped with the chopped bacon and sliced avocado with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 pounds ground turkey, 2 large onions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup hot sauce, such as Franks Hot Sauce, 12 cup canned chipotles, diced, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound bacon, cooked and chopped, Salt, 1 ripe avocado, sliced, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Turkey and Bacon Chili, picturelink: null}, 30787: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the halfandhalf and the heavy cream into a medium saucepan, over medium heat. Bring the mixture just to a simmer, stirring occasionally, and remove from the heat.nIn a medium mixing bowl whisk the egg yolks until they lighten in color. Gradually add the sugar and whisk to combine. Temper the cream mixture into the eggs and sugar by gradually adding small amounts, until about a third of the cream mixture has been added. Pour in the remainder and return the entire mixture to the saucepan and place over low heat. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens slightly and coats the back of a spoon and reaches 170 to 175 degrees F. Pour the mixture into a container and allow to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Stir in the vanilla extract. Place the mixture into the refrigerator and once it is cool enough not to form condensation on the lid, cover and store for 4 to 8 hours or until the temperature reaches 40 degrees F or below.nPour into an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers directions. This should take approximately 25 to 35 minutes. Serve as is for soft serve or freeze for another 3 to 4 hours to allow the ice cream to harden., ingredients: [3 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 large egg yolks, 9 ounces vanilla sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 30788: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Marinate for 30 minutes. Adjust seasonings to taste., ingredients: [1 ear corn  grilled, shucked, and cut off the cob, 1 red pepper  roasted, peeled, and cut into a 12inch dice, 1 tomato  grilled, peeled, seeded, and cut into a 12inch dice, 2 zucchini or other summer squash  cut into 12inch slices, grilled, and cut into 12inch dice, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Summer Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 30789: {instructions: Make the shrimp paste: Process the egg white, ginger, garlic, 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce, 1 tablespoon of the sesame oil, the sherry, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon of the brown sugar and several grinds of pepper in a food processor until all the ginger and garlic are pureed. Add the shrimp, and pulse until a thick paste forms. Transfer to a medium bowl, and fold in 23 of the scallions, the celery, water chestnuts and sesame seeds. The shrimp paste can be refrigerated for up to 1 day.nTrim the crusts from the bread, and evenly divide the shrimp paste among the slices about 2 heaping tablespoons each. Spread out into an even layer that completely covers the bread.nMake the dipping sauce: Whisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil and 1 teaspoon brown sugar, the lemon juice and a large pinch of salt in a small bowl.nFry the toasts: Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Fill a large, wide skillet with straight sides, with about 1 inch of vegetable oil. Attach a deepfry thermometer to the skillet, and bring the oil to 375 degrees F over medium heat. Being careful of the hot oil splashing, put 5 to 6 shrimp toasts in the oil shrimpside down and fry until the shrimp and the edges of the bread are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the pieces, and continue to fry until the bottoms are golden brown, about 1 minute more. Adjust the heat as needed to maintain the temperature. Transfer the shrimp toasts to the prepared baking sheet, and dab the tops with a paper towel to absorb some of the excess oil. Sprinkle the toasts all over with the remaining scallions and some sesame seeds and salt. Cut each toast into 4 triangles, and serve hot with the dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lemon juice, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 large egg white, 1inch piece ginger, roughly chopped, 1 small clove garlic, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons light brown sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp, tails removed, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 small inner stalk celery, very finely chopped, 6 whole water chestnuts, very finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, plus more for garnish, 10 slices very thinly sliced white sandwich bread], title: Sesame Shrimp Toasts, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 30790: {instructions: 1. In large bowl, combine all ingredients. Using large spoon, gently mix to combine. Serve with tortilla chips. Or, cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to eat., ingredients: [2 cans 15.5 oz. each GOYAu00ae Black Beans, drained and rinsed, 1 jar 17.6 oz. GOYA Pico de Gallo Salsa, 1 can 15.25 oz. GOYA Whole Kernel Corn, drained, 3 tbsp. GOYA Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 3 tbsp. chopped GOYA Green Pickled Jalapeno Nacho Slices optional, 1 tbsp. chili powder, 2 tsp. cumin, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Black Bean Salsa, picturelink: NXen4w9jXwE4PT3lqmjkYhO7d.wRrtS}, 30791: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9by2inch round cake pans dust the pans with flour, and knock out excess.nIn a large measuring cup, combine the buttermilk, coffee, vanilla and 1 12 cups water. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Mix on low speed. Mix in the butter and eggs, and then slowly add the buttermilk mixture, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared cake pans. Bake until the cake layers begin to pull away from sides of the pan and a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes.nFor the Swiss meringue buttercream: Add the sugar and egg whites to a heatproof stand mixer bowl, and set over a pan of simmering water. Whisking constantly, heat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and beat on mediumhigh speed until fluffy and cooled, about 10 minutes. Continue beating until stiff, glossy peaks form. Reduce the speed to mediumlow and add the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla. Makes 7 cups. See Cooks Note.nFor the raspberry buttercream: In a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat 800 grams of the Swiss meringue buttercream together with the raspberry puree until fully incorporated. Makes 4 cups.nTo assemble: Level and tort both cakesyou will end up with 4 layers of cake. Place one cake layer on a serving platter add about a 12inch layer of the raspberry buttercream. Repeat until you have 4 stacked layers of cake and 3 layers of filling. Frost the cake with the remaining Swiss meringue buttercream., ingredients: [1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon instant coffee, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 675 grams sugar, 290 grams allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting pans, 150 grams cocoa powder, sifted, 13 grams baking powder, 13 grams baking soda, 1 teaspoon table salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 5 eggs, 2 14 cups sugar, 9 large egg whites, 5 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 800 grams Swiss meringue buttercream, 34 cup raspberry puree], title: Chocolate Cake with Raspberry Buttercream, picturelink: 7VCJufFwbSD8jXNV4ghqpR.j2l6AgVC}, 30792: {instructions: Season the meat on both sides with salt and pepper to taste. In a bowl, combine the 12 cup Parmesan, garlic, and parsley. Divide the mixture among the meat slices, spreading it into an even layer, and roll up each slice to enclose the filling. Secure each roll with string or toothpicks., ingredients: [1 12 pounds flank steak, cut and pounded into thin slices about 4 inches wide by 6 inches long, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Parsley], title: Braciole Stuffed Meat Rolls, picturelink: null}, 30793: {instructions: Bring a small pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook, stirring occasionally, until the broccoli is tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and run under cold running water, then drain again. Place the broccoli, basil, cheese, walnuts, 12 teaspoon salt, red pepper flakes and garlic in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the broth and oil and process until smooth. Meanwhile, cook the pasta according to package directions. Drain and transfer the fettuccine to a large bowl. Add the pesto, sundried tomatoes and lemon zest and toss to coat well.nPer Serving: 286 Cal 24g Protein 12g Tot Fat 3g Sat Fat 5g Mono Fat 28g Carb 4g Fiber 2g Sugar 160mg Calcium 4mg Iron 732mg Sodium 4mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [2 cups broccoli florets, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped toasted walnuts, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 14 cup reducedsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 6 ounces wholewheat fettuccine, 6 soft sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, cut into thin slivers, Grated zest of 1 lemon], title: Fettuccine with Broccoli Pesto and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 30794: {instructions: In a medium glass bowl, combine the jicama, onion, red pepper, peaches, jalapenos, lime juice, chili powder, and mint. Store in a covered container, in the refrigerator, no more than 1 day., ingredients: [1 cup peeled, diced jicama, 14 cup chopped red onion, 12 cup roasted, peeled and chopped red bell pepper, 2 medium peaches or nectarines, pitted and chopped, 2 jalapeno chilies, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon ancho chili powder, or to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint], title: Jicama Peach Salsa, picturelink: null}, 30795: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, reduce the apple cider and brown sugar until thick and syrupy, about 25 minutes. Reduce heat and stir in BBQ sauce. Turn heat off. Add buttermilk and mix. Serve on top of pork chops., ingredients: [1 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, or storebought BBQ sauce, 1 tablespoon buttermilk, 4 cooked thickcut pork chops], title: Ginas Buttermilk BBQ Sauce, picturelink: d6YOFU5LwyJdupI0BPieNlCDcP3S}, 30796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium nonstick pot on the stove, combine sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, vanilla extract, and salt with 12 cup cold water. Mix until the ingredients dissolve. Add apples and stir. Bring to mediumhigh heat and, stirring frequently, cook until apples have softened, about 7 to 10 minutes.nReduce heat to low and, stirring often, cook until thick and gooey, 1 to 2 additional minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside to cool. This is your pie filling.nPrepare a large baking sheet by lining it with foil andor spraying it with nonstick spray. Set aside.nPlace egg roll wrappers flat on a dry surface. Set out a small dish of water. Dip your finger into the water, and run it along all of the wrapper edges. Repeat as needed while preparing your pockets, as it will help seal them. Starting 12 inch from the bottom, place about 13 cup pie filling along the bottom half of each wrapper, leaving a 12inch border on the sides.nFold the top 12 of each wrapper over the filling, so that the top edge meets the bottom and the filling is encased with a border on 3 sides. Dab each border with water, and fold each inward about 14 inch to lightly seal. Press firmly along the borders with the prongs of a fork to seal completely.nCarefully transfer to the baking sheet. Repeat this process with remaining wrappers and filling, leaving you with 6 pielets.nSpray the top of each pocket with 3 sprays butter. Bake in the oven until the edges begin to brown, 15 to 18 minutes.nAllow to cool for 5 minutes. Top with additional cinnamon and whipped topping, if using. Dig in, ingredients: [2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for topping, optional, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 cups peeled and chopped apples preferably Fuji, 6 large square egg roll wrappers, 18 sprays nocalorie butter spray, Fatfree whipped topping, for topping, optional], title: Awesome Apple Pielets, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 30797: {instructions: Place a pizza stone onto the floor of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the dough onto a floured work surface, dust with some more flour, and roll the dough out to the desired size. Carefully place the dough onto a floured pizza paddle. Spread the tomato sauce over dough and sprinkle with cheese. Top evenly with the pineapple, bell peppers, and pepperoni. Slide the pizza onto the pizza stone and cook until the edges are brown, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [7 ounces prepared pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 12 cup tomato sauce, 1 cup cheese grated mozzarella, 1 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 10 slices pepperoni], title: Erics Pizza The Dough That Wouldnt Go, picturelink: null}, 30798: {instructions: Preheat oven on low broil setting.nSlice baguette into 35 small rounds. Coat each round with olive oil and lightly salt and pepper them. Place them on a cookie sheet. In a small saucepan, melt butter and add apple slices. When apples are coated, add brandy and toss gently for about 3 minutes, until apples become slightly soft. Remove from heat.nTo construct, place 1 apple slice on a toast round and spoon about 1 tablespoon of goat cheese on top. When all of them are constructed, place entire cookie sheet under broiler and remove as soon as the top of the goat cheese is slightly browned. Be sure you dont forget them, because they will brown quickly., ingredients: [1 baguette, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 green apple, sliced, 2 tablespoons brandy or apple vodka this may be omitted, 1 cup softened goat cheese], title: Brandy Apples with Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 30799: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Flavored Popcorn Recipes, picturelink: null}, 30800: {instructions: Combine the soy sauce and lemon juice in a medium nonreactive bowl. Evenly coat the ham cubes with the soy mixture. Heat a medium pan over high heat, and then add the ham and cook for approximately 25 minutes, or until golden brown. With a slotted spoon, remove the ham from the pan. Make the kebabs by alternating the ham with the peppers, onions, and pineapple cubes on the wooden skewers. Serve over Basmati Rice, and garnish each plate with the mango, lettuce, and parsley.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups of water to a boil over high heat. Add the rice to the pan, and reduce the heat to low. Cook the rice for 20 minutes, or until tender yet firm, and all of the water has been absorbed. Gently stir in as much butter as desired for flavoring. Place the kebabs on top of the rice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons gingerflavored soy sauce, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 whole smoked ham, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 green pepper, 1inch dice, 1 red pepper, 1inch dice, 1 yellow pepper, 1inch dice, 1 red onion, 1inch dice, 1 white onion, 1inch dice, 16 to 24 1inch cubes fresh pineapple, 8 to 10 wooden skewers, Basmati Rice, recipe follows, 1 mango, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 head red leaf lettuce, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 4 cups water, 2 cups basmati rice, 2 to 4 tablespoons butter], title: Pan Fried Ham Kebobs served with Basmati Rice, Peppers, Pineapple and Mango, picturelink: null}, 30801: {instructions: Spread the fish evenly in a large, non reactive pan. Mix all of the citrus juice and pour over the fish. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours. The citrus juice will cook the fish throughout. Add the rest of the ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Serve with tortilla chips or your favorite cracker., ingredients: [5 pounds fresh skinless snapper fillet, cut into cubes, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 red pepper, finely diced, 1 green pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 red onion, finely diced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 12 cup whole cilantro leaves, 12 cup whole parsley leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tortilla chips or crackers], title: Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 30802: {instructions: In a food processor, grind the hazelnuts into a paste. Add the oil, sugar, cocoa powder, and vanilla and continue processing. Add the melted chocolate and blend well. Strain the mixture through a fine strainer to remove any large grains of nuts. The mixture will be thin and a little warm. Pour into a jar to let cool and thicken slightly. Keeps 1 month, covered, at room temperature.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. Whisk in the salt, granulated sugar, and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes, if you have got the time. In a nonstick 8 to 10inch omelet pan, melt about 12 teaspoon butter over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle in about 18 cup 2 tablespoons batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Replace the pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Using a spatula or your fingers, flip the crepe, and cook until the other side is lightly browned. Transfer to a platter. Repeat until the batter is used up.nOne by one, spread each crepe with a thin layer of the chocolate hazelnut spread, then some banana slices, and roll up like a cigar or fold into quarters. Place 2 crepes on each of 4 serving plates. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and serve.nNotes about the recipe: While in Italy we discovered Nutella, a chocolate hazelnut spread that comes in a jar like peanut butter. We cant get enough of it but also have trouble finding it. So I figured out how to make my own This recipe makes more hazelnut spread than you need but it keeps and is great to spread on toast, inside croissants or on brioche. Ive even caught family members just spreading it on a banana as they peel it down, one schmear per bite., ingredients: [4 ounces peeled toasted hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 ounces milk chocolate, chopped and melted, 2 eggs, 12 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Unsalted butter, 2 bananas, sliced, Confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Spread with Crepes, picturelink: null}, 30803: {instructions: To make the cookie tree: Refer to the tree template and copy its shape onto a piece of foam core. Use a paring knife to cut out tree shape and discard. Place a sheet of parchment paper on your work surface. Lay the foam board on top of the parchment paper. Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate inside the foam template, careful to coat to the edges. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut, but it will not be hard. Lift the template away from the chocolate tree. Move this finished piece to a clean space on your work surface out of the way. Repeat the process 7 more times so youll have 8 tree outlines.nFor the support: Roll a piece of parchment paper to make a tube about 12inch in diameter. Tape the paper closed. Fill the tube with tempered white chocolate to six inches. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut, but it will not be hard. Cut 3 pieces of the chocolate tube, each about 2inches long. These will be used to support the tree when it is glued together.nTo make the base: Place a sheet of parchment paper on your work surface. Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate on the paper. This will be the base for your tree. Let the chocolate harden. You can also paint a piece of cardboard with chocolate to create the base. That will be sturdier and allow you to move it more easily.nUse the tempered chocolate to glue the first tree piece to the base. Join the second tree piece using the small tubes of chocolate for additional support where the tree pieces meet. Continue gluing the pieces together until all 8 are assembled. Let stand until the chocolate is dry.nYou can decorate your tree with homemade or storebought cookies or candy. Use the tempered chocolate to glue the decorations onto the tree. You can string popcorn or cranberries. You can glue mini candycoated chocolate baking bits onto the tree to represent lights. Use your imagination and have fun, ingredients: [5 pounds white chocolate, tempered], title: The Cookie Tree, picturelink: null}, 30804: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nAdd the Neelys BBQ Sauce, garlic, onions and diced tomatoes to a food processor and blend until smooth.nSprinkle the brisket on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and once hot, add the brisket and brown, 5 minutes per side. Transfer the brisket to a plate. Pour the beer into the Dutch oven, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Stir in the chicken broth and pureed tomato mixture. Add the brisket back into the pot and bring to a simmer. Cover with a lid and transfer to the oven until the brisket is incredibly tender and the meat is beginning to fall apart, about 3 hours. Shred the meat in the pot with tongs and place the mixture into a 2quart casserole dish. Add the peas in a layer on top of the brisket.nMeanwhile, add the potatoes to a large pot of cold salted water. Bring up to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender. Drain in a colander, then mash in a large bowl. Stir in milk and butter, and season with salt and pepper.nSpread the potatoes evenly on top of the meat and pea layer. Use a spoon to create some texture on the layer of mashed potatoes. Bake until golden and brown, 30 to 35 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the ketchup, 1 cup water, vinegar, brown sugar, granulated sugar, mustard, onion powder, pepper, lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 large onion, roughly chopped, 12 cup Neelys BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, One 14ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, 2 pounds trimmed flat, firstcut brisket, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 ounces dark beer, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups frozen peas, 2 12 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and cubed, 12 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups ketchup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: BBQ Brisket Shepherds Pie, picturelink: vOykEIAsz6t.ypMWupHShe.ZmiwPTLa}, 30805: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nStart by stretching out the dough to the desired size. Spread the ricotta cheese over the whole surface area of the stretched pizza dough. Next spread the rehydrated sun dried tomatoes liberally over the ricotta cheese. Then add the Roma tomatoes. Spread the mozzarella, sprinkle with the granulated garlic and hit it with the Pecorino Romano. Finally, add the pesto. Bake the pizza until the crust is golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [One 25ounce ball highgluten dough, 8 ounces ricotta cheese, 4 ounces rehydrated sundried tomatoes, 8 ounces fresh Roma tomatoes, sliced, 11 ounces grated mozzarella, 1 ounce granulated garlic, 1 ounce grated PecorinoRomano, 8 ounces pesto], title: Pauls Godfather Pizza, picturelink: null}, 30806: {instructions: For the poached chicken stock: Place the chicken, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, lemon, herb bundle, peppercorns and salt in a pot, cover with water and bring to a low boil. Reduce heat to simmer and simmer for 1 hour minimum. Cool the chicken in the broth. Remove the chicken and cool. Separate the meat and pull or chop into bitesize pieces. Reserve for another use. The chicken can be stored in plastic bag in the fridge for 4 days. Strain the stock and reserve for soup.nFor the soup: Heat a soup pot over medium heat. Melt the butter and when it begins to foam, add the celery, onions and garlic season with celery salt and pepper. Add the fresh bay leaf to the pot, partially cover, and cook until very tender and soft, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the potatoes, celeriac and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a low rolling boil and simmer, partially covered, for another 20 minutes, then puree with an immersion blender. Cool the soup and store for a makeahead meal.nPlace the soup in a stockpot and stir in the cream. Bring to simmer and taste to adjust seasoning. Serve in shallow bowls with DeviledHam Toasts alongside.nCombine the prosciutto, celery, Fresno chile pepper, red onion, parsley, garlic, mustard, pickle relish, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and seasoning in a food processor and pulse until its very, very finely chopped and well combined, almost smooth. Deviled ham stores well in the fridge for 4 to 5 days. Spread deviled ham on the toast and cut into toast points, corner to corner, or serve with saltines., ingredients: [2 full bonein, skinon chicken breasts, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 ribs celery, 1 onion, quartered, root end attached, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, Bundle of parsley, thyme, fresh bay leaf, A few black peppercorns, Salt, 12 stick butter 4 tablespoons, diced, 1 bunch organic celery with leafy tops, chopped 6 cups, 2 onions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Celery salt, Black pepper, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 medium celery roots celeriac, peeled and cubed, 6 cups chicken stock, homemade or storebought, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, DeviledHam Toasts, recipe follows, 12 pound prosciutto cotto or boiled ham, coarsely chopped, 2 small ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, with leafy tops, coarsely chopped, 1 Fresno chile pepper, coarsely chopped seed it if you dont want it to be too spicy I leave the seeds in, 12 small red onion, coarsely chopped, A small handful flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 small cloves garlic, grated or pasted, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, such as Frenchs, 2 rounded tablespoons pickle relish, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Rachael Ray brand Everyday Seasoning 247 or coarse black pepper, to taste, Toasted white bread or lowersodium saltines], title: Cream of Celery Soup and DeviledHam Toasts, picturelink: null}, 30807: {instructions: Special equipment: large Dutch ovennDrain the beans and set aside. In a bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, mustard, water, and bourbon until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside.nCook the bacon until crisp in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Remove the bacon and all but a couple of tablespoons of the bacon grease. Add the drained beans to the pot and stir in the bourbon sauce mixture. Bring the beans to a boil, then reduce the heat to low to maintain a gentle simmer. Cover and cook the beans, stirring every 20 minutes, until the beans are soft and the sauce is very thick, about 4 hours. Once the beans are cooked, season them with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the cooked bacon and cook, covered, an additional 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the beans to a serving bowl and serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound dried navy beans, soaked overnight in a large bowl of water, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup stoneground or spicy Dijon mustard, 1 14 cups water, 23 cup bourbon, 4 ounces slab bacon, rind removed and diced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: The 3 Bs  Beans Bacon, Brown Sugar and Bourbon, picturelink: ZUrcR21ddK3KJHW8e2.SrAOWbnjCpy}, 30808: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease the inside of an 8 to 10cup baking dish.nMelt the butter in a very large saute pan and saute the corn and onion over mediumhigh heat for 4 minutes. Cool slightly.nWhisk together the eggs, milk, and halfandhalf in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal and then the ricotta. Add the basil, sugar, salt, and pepper. Add the cooked corn mixture and grated cheddar, and then pour into the baking dish. Sprinkle the top with more grated cheddar.nPlace the dish in a larger pan and fill the pan 12 way up the sides of the dish with hot tap water. Bake the pudding for 40 to 45 minutes until the top begins to brown and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 5 cups fresh yellow corn kernels cut off the cob 6 to 8 ears, 1 cup chopped yellow onion 1 onion, 4 extralarge eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup 6 ounces grated extrasharp cheddar, plus extra to sprinkle on top], title: Sagaponack Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 30809: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the oil, 2 tablespoons of the garlic, 2 tablespoons of the thyme, 1 tablespoon of the lemon zest and 1 tablespoon of onion in a large baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat in the oil. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours.nPreheat the grill to medium. Remove the chicken from the marinade and season both sides with salt and pepper. Place the chicken on the grill, skin side down and slowly grill until the fat renders and the skin becomes golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes. Turn the chicken over, close the cover and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 20 minutes longer. Remove from the grill, loosely tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes before cutting.nMix together the remaining garlic, thyme and 1 tablespoon of lemon zest and sprinkle over the cut chicken., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh garlic, salt made a paste, 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 3pound whole chicken, butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butterflied Chicken with Thyme, Lemon and Garlic, picturelink: d6YOFU5LwyJdupI0BPieNlCDcP3S}, 30810: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium heated saute pan, add butter all except 6 tablespoons, onion, and scallion. Cook until translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.nIn a sauce pot, boil spinach in water until tender. Strain and pat dry until all water is out. In a large mixing bowl, mix spinach, onionscallion mixture, parsley and dill together. Add cheese, eggs, salt and pepper. Mix well. Add back into sauce pot and boil for five minutes. Place aside.nMoisten filo dough one by one with the remaining butter melted with pastry brush. In a baking pan, add five layers of dough to bottom. Next, add spinach mixture. Spread evenly. Add another five layers of dough on top, tucking in corners. Place in oven and bake for approximately one hour., ingredients: [12 pound butter or margarine, 1 medium onion, diced, 5 scallions, diced, 3 pounds fresh spinach, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, 12 pound feta cheese, 6 eggs, beaten, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 pound filo dough], title: Spanakopita Spinach Pie, picturelink: null}, 30811: {instructions: Mix brown sugar, coriander, pepper and salt together in a small bowl and rub all over chicken. Whisk jalapeno jelly, vinegar and rosemary in a small bowl.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh. Brush grates with oil. Grill the chicken, bone side down, for 10 minutes. Turn chicken, and cook until distinct grill marks appear on the skin, about 10 minutes. Turn chicken skin side up brush with the jalapeno glaze every 10 minutes until a thermometer inserted into the thigh reaches 165 degrees, about 20 minutes more. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut chicken into pieces and serve with extra glaze and Bushsu00ae Black Bean Fiesta Grillin Beansu00ae., ingredients: [2 Tbsp light brown sugar, 1 tsp ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 chicken halves,, about 3 pounds, 1 10ounce jar red jalapeno pepper jelly, about 1 14 cups, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tsp minced fresh rosemary, Vegetable oil, Bushsu00ae Black Bean Fiesta Grillin Beansu00ae], title: Grilled Half Chicken and Sweet Jalapeno Pepper Glaze with Bushs Black Bean Fiesta Grillin Beans, picturelink: 7KmZkBe.a9cN.JElsWflQU4lCf1Oq}, 30812: {instructions: Peel the chayotes and grate them into a bowl. Prepare vinaigrette from the remaining ingredients except the lettuce and pepper, and pour it over the grated chayotes. Mix well and allow to sit for 15 minutes. Serve on a bed of lettuce garnished with curlicues of red bell pepper., ingredients: [2 mediumsize chayotes, 2 tablespoons garlic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon Scotch Bonnet type chile, 12 teaspoon fresh chives, 1 head Bibb or Boston lettuce, separated into leaves, Red bell pepper for garnish], title: Chayote with Christophine Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 30813: {instructions: Special equipment: skewers, for grilling if wooden, soak before usingnTo make the kebabs: Into a big bowl, throw the sirloin, parsley, yogurt, zaatar, cumin, paprika, sumac, salt, some cracked pepper, garlic, egg and onion, and mix. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours to marinate.nTo make the garlic tahini: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Peel the papery skin off the garlic and slice off the top. Place on a piece of foil, drizzle with the olive oil, cover and bake for 1 hour. Throw the tender cloves into a food processor and add the tahini, yogurt, lemon juice, mint, parsley, salt, sugar, cayenne and some cracked pepper and blend. Preheat a grill pan on mediumhigh. Roll the beef mixture into fingers and skewer. Lightly coat the kebabs with the olive oil. Turn the grill pan down to medium and grill for 3 minutes per side. Place 2 grilled kebabs inside a pita, spoon in some tahini sauce and top with pickled radishes., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground sirloin, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons zaatar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ground sumac, 14 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 egg, 12 Vidalia onion, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 head garlic, 12 cup roasted tahini, 13 cup plain Mediterranean yogurt, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon raw sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Freshly cracked pepper, Fresh pita for serving, Pickled radishes, for garnish], title: Grilled Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 30814: {instructions: To make the sauce, combine the wasabi powder and water in a saucepan and let bloom for 5 minutes. Add 34 cup ponzu, the sake and grated ginger and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the sauce is reduced by half, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the fish and asparagus in a large baking dish. Pour the remaining ponzu sauce and the oil over the fish and asparagus and turn to coat evenly. Let stand for 10 minutes.nIn a small frying pan, toast the sesame seeds over medium heat, shaking the pan frequently, until lightly colored, 3 to 4 minutes. Immediately pour onto a plate to cool. Place a grill pan over medium heat until hot. Lift the asparagus from the marinade, place in the pan and cook, turning occasionally, until tendercrisp, about 3 minutes. Transfer the asparagus to a plate and cover with aluminum foil, shiny side down, to keep warm. Lift the fish from the marinade and place in the grill pan. Cook, turning once, until it turns opaque and just begins to flake, 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nTo serve, divide the rice among 4 bowls. Top with a piece of fish and some asparagus. Pour 14 cup of the sauce over the fish in each bowl. Garnish each serving with the sesame oil, green onions, avocado, cucumber, pickled ginger and sesame seeds.nIn a bowl, combine all the ingredients and stir until the sugar dissolves. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator it will keep for up to 1 month.nPlace the rice in a bowl. Add cold water to cover and wash the rice well by rubbing it between your hands, then drain. Repeat twice more. Pour the rice into a strainer to drain.nPlace the rinsed rice and the 2 cups water in a 2 to 3quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the rice stand for 10 minutes.nIn a small pan, heat the vinegar, sugar, mirin and salt over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat.nTurn out the cooked rice into a large wooden or plastic bowl, and pour the vinegar mixture evenly over the rice. Fold the liquid in with a wooden rice paddle. At the same time, fan the rice to bring out the luster of the grains. Continue fanning and folding until the rice absorbs all the liquid. Cover with a damp cloth and let stand until ready to use. It will hold at room temperature for up to 4 hours., ingredients: [1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 2 tablespoons water, 1 14 cups Homemade Ponzu Sauce, recipe follows, or purchased ponzu sauce, 14 cup sake, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 1 pound centercut salmon fillet, cut into 4 equal pieces, 12 ounces asparagus, ends trimmed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 teaspoons sesame seeds, 4 cups warm Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 3 green onions, chopped, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled, and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 English cucumber, cut into matchsticksized strips, 14 cup sliced pickled ginger, 1 lemon, zested, 12 cup mirin, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon minced green onion, 2 cups shortgrain rice, 2 cups water, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon mirin, 34 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Salmon SushiRice Bowl, picturelink: null}, 30815: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch pan.nCream together the sugar and softened butter. Stir in the flour and mix well. Add the chocolate syrup, eggs, salt, and vanilla and mix everything well. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 25 minutes. Let cool.nFor the mint topping: Mix the confectioners sugar, melted butter, and creme de menthe together until smooth. Let cool slightly and spread over the cooled brownies.nFor the chocolate topping: Melt the chocolate chips in the butter and pour over the mint topping. Let the brownies and toppings cool completely and cut into 2inch squares., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chocolate syrup, 4 large eggs, beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons creme de menthe liqueur, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Chocolate Mint Brownies, picturelink: null}, 30816: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275F.nRub both sides of lamb shoulder chops with 1 to 2 garlic cloves, as needed. Rub with chopped herbs and season with salt and pepper. Dust both sides of chops with flour. In a large 10inch cast iron skillet, heat oil over high heat. When nearly smoking, add 2 lamb chops and sear, 4 minutes each side, until wellbrowned. Remove and repeat with remaining chops. Discard fat that has accumulated in pan.nIn skillet layer onions, half of tomato slices and lamb chops. Top with remaining tomato slices and pour wine and 12 cup water over. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add remaining 4 garlic cloves, bay leaves, thyme sprigs and parsley stems. Cover pan loosely with aluminum foil and roast for 3 hours.nCover top with potato slices, pushing them into liquid so they are completely submerged. Cover pan, return to oven and cook 30 minutes or until potatoes are tender. Using a large spoon, remove excess liquid and any fat from stew to a small saucepan. Bring liquid to a boil over high heat and boil rapidly until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Before serving, broil lamb under a preheated broiler, 5 minutes or until potatoes are wellbrowned. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve with sauce., ingredients: [4 34inchthick shoulder lamb chops 3 to 4 lbs, 5 large garlic cloves, smashed, 2 Tbsps mixed chopped fresh herbs such as oregano, marjoram and thyme plus 4 whole sprigs thyme, Salt and pepper, 14 cup flour, for dusting, 3 Tbsps olive oil, 4 large onions, sliced thick, 4 large tomatoes, sliced thick, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, 1 bunch parsley, stems removed and reserved separately, leaves finely chopped, 3 large boiling potatoes, peeled and sliced thick], title: Braised Lamb, picturelink: null}, 30817: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a heavy pot over mediumhigh heat with at least 1inch of vegetable oil for boneless chicken and 2 inches for whole pieces. Heat oil to 350 degrees F it is important to monitor and maintain the temperature, or the soy flour breading and your oil will burn. Portable deep fryers at home are great for this.nIn a medium bowl, mix the eggs and cream to make an egg wash. In a separate larger bowl, mix all the breading ingredients together.nSeason the chicken well with salt and pepper. Dip it first in the breading, then in the egg wash, and then back in the breading again, making sure to coat well on all sides. Pat off any excess breading and then carefully place into hot oil and fry until golden brown and crisp, just a few minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels.nBoneless chicken breasts, if thinly cut, may cook all the way by frying alone, but whole chicken will not because of how fast soy flour browns. It is best to place any chicken you fry with soy flour on a sheet pan and finish by baking at 350 degrees F for an additional 10 minutes for boneless chicken and 20 to 25 minutes more for cut up chicken pieces that have bones. The internal temperature of the chicken should register 165 degrees F. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 to 6 cups vegetable oil more or less depending on pot used, 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, or 3 pounds boneless chicken breast, 3 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream or water, 2 13 cups soy flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning], title: Low Carb Southern Fried Chicken, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 30818: {instructions: Bring the heavy cream, butter, brown sugar, corn syrup and salt to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until the butter melts and the sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the chocolate and cocoa powder until smooth. Remove from the heat and whisk in the liqueur and vanilla.nTransfer the sauce to a small bowl. Serve warm or at room temperature with cookies for dipping.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, Pinch of salt, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 to 3 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Amaretti or other Italian cookies, for dipping], title: Amaretto Chocolate Dip, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 30819: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine vodka, water, limeade and lemon juice. Pour into martini glasses., ingredients: [1 cup vodka, 1 cup water, 1 8ounce can frozen limeade, 2 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Dollar Martini, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 30820: {instructions: Combine undrained pineapple, lemon juice, oil, oregano and garlic powder in large, shallow, nonmetallic dish. Add chicken, turning to coat all sides. Cover and marinate 15 minutes in refrigerator.nGrill or broil chicken and pineapple, brushing occasionally with reserved marinade, 10 to 15 minutes on each side or until chicken is no longer pink in center and pineapple is golden brown. Discard any remainin, ingredients: [1 can 20 ounces pineapple slices in unsweetened juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano leaves, crushed, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 5 boneless chicken breast halves], title: Hawaiian Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30821: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inchsquare baking pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on 2 sides.nBeat the butter, vanilla and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the confectioners sugar and beat until just incorporated. Add the flour in 2 batches and beat until smooth. Stir in 12 cup chocolate chips with a wooden spoon.nLightly dust your hands with flour and press the dough into the prepared pan. Score the top with a knife to make 9 strips, then score the strips in half to make 18 pieces. Bake until the edges are firm and the top is dry, 40 to 45 minutes.nImmediately rescore the cookies, then let cool 20 minutes in the pan. Lift the foil to remove the shortbread from the pan and transfer to a rack to cool completely.nCut the shortbread into pieces along thescored lines. Put the remaining 12 cup chocolate chips in a small microwavesafe bowl microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted. Drizzle over the shortbread and let stand until set, about 1 hour.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Shortbread, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 30822: {instructions: Chop the egg whites and yolks separately and put them in separate bowls.nAdd the mayonnaise, relish, mustard, shallots, vinegar, chives and dill to the yolks and whisk until smooth. Whisk the bacon fat into the yolk mixture. Loosen with more vinegar or mayonnaise if necessary. Fold in the chopped egg whites and season with salt and pepper.nServe with assorted crudite for dipping., ingredients: [6 hardboiled eggs, peeled, whites and yolks separated, 2 tablespoons real mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons dill pickle relish, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, plus more if needed, 2 teaspoons finely shaved chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 14 cup liquid bacon fat warm slightly if solid, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Assorted crudite such as baby carrots, fennel, celery and cherry tomatoes, for serving], title: Bacon and Egg Dip, picturelink: NWD08FUszDr4JfGmp7igkzHmW.o3yCu}, 30823: {instructions: Wash the collard greens thoroughly to remove any dirt or grit. Drain well. Pick over the greens, discarding any that are old and cutting out any discolored spots and the fleshy ribs. Then place the leaves in a pile, roll them into a thick cylinder, and cut them into thin strips crosswise. Fluff the cut greens into a bowl. Heat the olive oil in a heavy skillet, add the garlic, and cook until it is slightly browned. Add the greens and cook, tossing them frequently to make sure that they are coated with the olive oil and the garlic. Add the water, season, cover, and cook for 5 minutes. Remove and serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh collard greens, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, minced, or to taste, 14 cup warm water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Quick Greens, Brazil Style, picturelink: null}, 30824: {instructions: Wash the grapes and cut a very thin slice of skin off of the bottom of each grape so that they will sit upright. Cut the tops off and discard. Scoop out some of the flesh with a sharp paring knife to create a small cavity in each grape.nIn a small bowl, mash the goat cheese with enough cream to make a smooth, icingtextured mixture. Spoon into a small piping bag, or resealable bag with the corner tip cut off. Pipe some of the goat cheese mixture into each grape and then sprinkle the tops with some chopped pistachios., ingredients: [2 dozen large red seedless grapes, 14 cup chevre, at room temperature, 2 to 3 tablespoons cream, 14 cup pistachios, chopped], title: Grapes Stuffed with Chevre, picturelink: null}, 30825: {instructions: Special equipment: donut hole or mini muffin pansnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the eggplant donuts: Halve the eggplant lengthwise, score diagonally and generously brush with olive oil to coat the flesh. Put on a baking pan cutside up and roast until soft, about 45 minutes. Set aside.nLower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Grease donut hole or mini muffin pans with butter, then coat with flour.nCombine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger and salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, vegetable oil, brown sugar and egg until smooth. Remove the roasted eggplant flesh from the skin and mash. Mix the mashed eggplant into the wet ingredients. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and mix until combined.nUsing a small scoop, fill each donut hole mold threequarters full. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the cinnamonsugar coating: Put the melted butter in a bowl. Combine the granulated sugar and cinnamon in another bowl.nRemove the donuts from the pan and dip each in the melted butter. Roll in the cinnamon sugar to coat., ingredients: [1 eggplant, Olive oil, for brushing, Butter, for greasing pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for coating pan, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon], title: Eggplant Donuts, picturelink: acuEfOWzryDnOCQk4w5MXjL7LmOMmMW}, 30826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Duxelles:nTo make the Duxelles: Add mushrooms, shallots, garlic, and thyme to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add butter and olive oil to a large saute pan and set over medium heat. Add the shallot and mushroom mixture and saute for 8 to 10 minutes until most of the liquid has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper and set aside to cool.nFor the Beef:nTo prepare the beef: Tie the tenderloin in 4 places so it holds its cylindrical shape while cooking. Drizzle with olive oil, then season with salt and pepper and sear all over, including the ends, in a hot, heavybased skillet lightly coated with olive oil  about 2 to 3 minutes. Meanwhile set out your prosciutto on a sheet of plastic wrap plastic needs to be about a foot and a half in length so you can wrap and tie the roast up in it on top of your cutting board. Shingle the prosciutto so it forms a rectangle that is big enough to encompass the entire filet of beef. Using a rubber spatula cover evenly with a thin layer of duxelles. Season the surface of the duxelles with salt and pepper and sprinkle with fresh thyme leaves. When the beef is seared, remove from heat, cut off twine and smear lightly all over with Dijon mustard. Allow to cool slightly, then roll up in the duxelles covered prosciutto using the plastic wrap to tie it up nice and tight. Tuck in the ends of the prosciutto as you roll to completely encompass the beef. Roll it up tightly in plastic wrap and twist the ends to seal it completely and hold it in a nice log shape. Set in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to ensure it maintains its shape.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the puff pastry out to about a 14inch thickness. Depending on the size of your sheets you may have to overlap 2 sheets and press them together. Remove beef from refrigerator and cut off plastic. Set the beef in the center of the pastry and fold over the longer sides, brushing with egg wash to seal. Trim ends if necessary then brush with egg wash and fold over to completely seal the beef  saving ends to use as a decoration on top if desired. Top with coarse sea salt. Place the beef seam side down on a baking sheet.nBrush the top of the pastry with egg wash then make a couple of slits in the top of the pastry using the tip of a paring knife u00bf this creates vents that will allow the steam to escape when cooking. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes until pastry is golden brown and beef registers 125 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from oven and rest before cutting into thick slices. Garnish with minced chives, and serve with Green Peppercorn Sauce, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes with Fresh Herbs and Garlic, and Warm Wilted Winter Greens.nAdd olive oil to pan after removing beef. Add shallots, garlic, and thyme saute for 1 to 2 minutes, then, off heat, add brandy and flambe using a long kitchen match. After flame dies down, return to the heat, add stock and reduce by about half. Strain out solids, then add 2 cups cream and mustard. Reduce by half again, then shut off heat and add green peppercorns.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F and place a baking sheet inside to heat.nAdd potatoes, rosemary, sage, thyme, and garlic to a medium bowl. Drizzle with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Remove sheet pan from oven, lightly coat with olive oil, and pour potatoes onto pan. Place potatoes in oven and reduce heat to 425 degrees F. Roast for 20 minutes, or until crispy on outside and tender on inside.nCook honey and balsamic together over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan, about 5 minutes. Toast walnuts in a small skillet set aside to cool.nPile greens on a platter. Stir mustard into balsamichoney dressing, then whisk in about 1 cup extravirgin olive oil pour over greens. Season greens with salt and pepper and garnish with walnuts, pomegranate seeds, shavings of Parmesan, and shallot., ingredients: [3 pints 1 12 pounds white button mushrooms, 2 shallots, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 3pound center cut beef tenderloin filet mignon, trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 thin slices prosciutto, 6 sprigs of fresh thyme, leaves only, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Flour, for rolling out puff pastry, 1 pound puff pastry, thawed if using frozen, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon coarse sea salt, Minced chives, for garnish, Green Peppercorn Sauce, recipe follows, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes with Fresh Herbs and Garlic, recipe follows, Warm Wilted Winter Greens, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 1 cup brandy, 1 box beef stock, 2 cups cream, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 12 cup green peppercorns in brine, drained, brine reserved, 2 pints fingerling potatoes, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh sage, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 cloves garlic, left unpeeled, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus for sheet pan, Salt and pepper, 14 cup honey, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 pint walnuts, for garnish, 3 bunches assorted winter greens such as Swiss chard, radicchio, or escarole, washed, stemmed, and torn into pieces, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pomegranate seeds, for garnish, Parmesan shavings, for garnish, 1 shallot, chopped, for garnish], title: The Ultimate Beef Wellington, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 30827: {instructions: Spray an 8by8inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter. Add the marshmallows and stir until they melt. Remove the pan from the heat, add the puffed rice cereal and matcha powder and mix to combine. Press the mixture into the prepared dish and let stand until the treats have set, about 10 minutes. Cut into 2by2inch squares and transfer to a plate.nSet a wire rack on a baking sheet. Melt the dark chocolate and coconut oil together in a microwave or double boiler. Dunk the bottom of each square into the melted chocolate mixture to coat and place on the wire rack to set., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying dish, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups mini marshmallows, 4 cups puffed rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, 1 tablespoon matcha powder, 8 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons coconut oil], title: Chocolate Matcha Puffed Cereal Treats, picturelink: acuEfOWzryDnOCQk4w5MXjL7LmOMmMW}, 30828: {instructions: Chop the parsnips into 1inch pieces. Cut the potatoes into pieces slightly smaller. Place parsnips, potatoes, garlic, and water to cover, in a large pot. Add some salt and white pepper. Cover and bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until soft, about 20 minutes.nChop the carrots into 1inch pieces. Cut the potatoes into 2inch pieces. Place the carrots, potatoes, ginger and water in a pot. Add some salt and white pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until soft, about 30 minutes.nFor each batch: Drain water from cooked vegetables and puree, doing whitecolored vegetables first, through a food mill adding the butter, the heavy cream, salt, and white pepper to both batches. Add 2 tablespoons maple syrup to the carrot puree. Stir each batch in its own bowl until all ingredients are incorporated. Wrap 1cup of each batch in plastic wrap to form a bullet shape, continuing until all the batches are used. You can make these ahead and microwave them just before dinner. Scoop a hot bullet into a pastry bag and pipe into a casserole dish, repeating with rest of bullets.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 pounds parsnips, peeled, 1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, Water, just enough to cover vegetables, Salt and white pepper, 3 pounds carrots, peeled, 1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, Salt and white pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Carrot and Parsnip Swirl, picturelink: null}, 30829: {instructions: Preheat grill pan to high heat. Remove meat from the refrigerator and unwrap. Let beef stand a few minutes, to take the chill off.nHeat a medium skillet over moderate heat. Add butter and sliced onions to a hot pan and season with salt. Saute onions for 25 minutes, stirring occasionally, until onions are caramel in color, tender, and sweet.nMeanwhile, place peppercorns in a heavyduty food storage bag. Hit peppercorns with a small, heavy frying pan to crack them. Baste meat with a little Worcestershire sauce on each side using a pastry brush. Coat steaks on 1 side with cracked black peppercorns. Grill steaks 5 minutes on each side for medium rare.nMeanwhile, heat leftover mashed potatoes on high in microwave oven for 5 minutes. If you are using instant potatoes, prepare to package directions and transfer warm potatoes to a mixing bowl. Stir cheese and scallions into the mashed potatoes. Heat a nonstick skillet over moderate heat. Coat the inside of pan with butter to aid in crusting. Spread cheesy potatoes in an even layer in the skillet and allow them to crust and brown on the bottom, 5 to 7 minutes. Cut the potato layer in half gently with a butter knife, careful not to scratch your nonstick surface. Fold one half over top of the opposite making a half moon shaped potato pie with a crusty outside and a cheesy, soft center.nWhile steaks and potatoes cook, brown chopped bacon in the small frying pan you used to crack the peppercorns over high heat. Transfer browned bacon bits to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Wipe out skillet and return to heat. Add 1 2 cup balsamic vinegar to the pan and bring to a bubble. Reduce heat to low and simmer 1 to 2 minutes, until vinegar is reduced by half and thick. Turn off heat. Pour spinach into salad bowl. Top with bacon and mushrooms. Whisk extravirgin olive oil into warm vinegar and pour over salad. Toss salad and serve.nSeason the cooked steaks with a little salt and remove to a carving board. Let the steaks rest for 5 minutes for the juices to redistribute through the meat evenly. If you slice into a hot steak, the juices will run out and the first bite will be the only tasty one.nSlice steaks thin against the grain of the meat. Smother steak slices in onions. Cut potato pie into 4 wedges and serve along side steaks with spinach salad., ingredients: [4 12ounce, 1 12inch thick sirloin New York strip steaks, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, Worcestershire sauce, for brushing, Coarse salt, 4 to 6 cups mashed potatoes use leftover mashed or prepared packaged instant, 8 ounces Roquefort, crumbled, 2 scallions, greens and whites, chopped, 4 slices center cut bacon, chopped, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 16 ounce bag triple washed baby spinach leaves, 6 large white mushroom caps, sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Sliced Sirloin Smothered in Onions, with Roquefort Potato Pie and Spinach Salad with Bacon Dressing, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 30830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease four 12 by 8 by 1inch baking pans with cooking spray and line with parchment paper.nPrepare the dark chocolate cake according to package directions, using 14 cup canola oil and 3 eggs, and substituting the chocolate milk for the liquid. Bake in 2 of the prepared pans. Cool and remove the cakes from the pans.nPrepare the milk chocolate cake according to package directions, using the remaining 14 cup canola oil and 3 eggs, and substituting the cream soda for the liquid. Bake in the remaining 2 pans. Cool and remove the cakes from the pans.nWhile the cakes are baking, make the frostings.nFor the milk chocolate frosting: Using an electric hand mixer, beat together the softened butter, softened cream cheese, confectioners sugar, cocoa powder and chocolate milk.nFor the dark chocolate frosting: Using an electric hand mixer, beat together the softened butter, confectioners sugar, cocoa powder and chocolate fudge sundae topping.nFor the chocolate glaze: Place the chocolate chips in a medium microwavesafe bowl and set aside. In a small saucepan, combine the cream and corn syrup. Cook over medium heat just until boiling. Pour over chocolate chips and stir until completely smooth. If not completely smooth, microwave on medium setting 50 percent power for 2 minutes. Cool about 5 minutes or until the mixture thickens.nCut each cake in half horizontally, to make 8 even layers. Place a dark cake layer onto a serving platter and frost the top only with some dark chocolate frosting. Place a milk chocolate cake layer on top and frost the top only with the milk chocolate frosting. Continue until you have 8 layers. Dont frost the top layer. Carefully pour the glaze over the cake, coating the top and letting it drip down the sides., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 box dark chocolate cake, 1 cup chocolate milk, 12 cup canola oil, 6 eggs, 1 box milk chocolate cake, 1 cup cream soda, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup cream cheese, softened, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon chocolate milk, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 cup chocolate fudge sundae topping, One 10ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 23 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup], title: Ultimate Layer Cake, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 30831: {instructions: Heat a grill to mediumhigh direct heat and lightly oil the grates using a paper towel soaked in canola oil or nonstick grilling cooking spray.nSpread a 16inchlong piece of nonstick aluminum foil on a cutting board or mist a piece of regular aluminum foil with nonstick cooking spray. Top with the onions, 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and 1 tablespoon water. Bring two sides of the foil together, fold over twice to create a seal and then seal the remaining two ends. Put on the grill and cook for 12 minutes, flipping once. The onions should be tender with only a bit of charring. Carefully open the top of the foil to let all the steam out and continue to cook the onions, tossing, until browned and lightly charred, 3 minutes longer. Remove from the heat.nWhile the onions cook, mix the ketchup and mustard together in a small bowl. Season with pepper and set aside.nLightly toast the English muffins on the grill and place one top and bottom on each of 4 plates. Spread some of the ketchup sauce on the bottom half of each muffin and top with a slice of tomato.nDivide the beef into 4 patties about 4 inches in diameter and just under 12inch thick. Sprinkle with a total of 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the burgers on the grill. Cook until the edges of the burgers are browning, 3 to 5 minutes, and then flip. Brush the burgers with the remaining ketchup sauce and evenly top with the shredded cheese. Cover the burgers with the grill lid or a large heatproof bowl and continue to cook until the cheese has melted and the burgers are still a bit pink on the inside, about 3 minutes more.nPut one burger on top of the assembled muffin bottom and top with some of the grilled onions and the top of the muffin. Serve with pickles if desired., ingredients: [Canola oil or nonstick grilling cooking spray, for oiling the grates, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 4 whole wheat English muffins, split, 1 medium ripe tomato, cored and cut into 4 thick slices, 1 pound 90percent lean ground beef, 2 ounces 50percent reducedfat sharp Cheddar, grated about 12 cup, Pickles, for serving, optional], title: Juicy Grilled Cheeseburgers, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 30832: {instructions: For the Chipotle Mignonette: Combine all ingredients together in a small bowl. Season with salt to taste. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the GingerLime Relish: In a medium saucepan, combine the juice, garlic, ginger and honey and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce by half and set aside to cool. Peel the limes and julienned the zest. Separate the flesh into segments. When the syrup has cooled to room temperature, add the shallots, cilantro, lime segments, and zest. Season to taste with salt and pepper and pour into a nonreactive bowl. Serve at room temperature on the oysters., ingredients: [Assorted oysters, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 pureed canned chipotle, 1 tablespoon cracked black peppercorns, 2 shallots, finely diced, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro, 1 12 teaspoons honey, Salt, 2 cups fresh lime juice, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 limes, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Raw Oysters with Two Sauces, picturelink: null}, 30833: {instructions: Trim crusts from bread. Arrange half of the bread in a by 9 by 13inch baking dish coated with cooking spray.nCombine milk, 1 12 cups egg substitute, halfandhalf, and 12 cup sugar in a large bowl, stirring with a whisk. Pour half of milk mixture over bread in dish.nCombine 12 cup egg substitute, 12 cup sugar, vanilla, nutmeg, and cheeses in a food processor or blender process until smooth. Pour cream cheese mixture over moist bread in dish. Top with remaining bread pour remaining milk mixture over bread. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLet the dish come to room temperature about 30 minutes. Uncover and bake for 55 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Sprinkle with cinnamonsugar, if desired., ingredients: [24 1ounce slices cinnamonraisin bread, Nonstick cooking spray, 3 cups 1percent milk, 2 cups egg substitute, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 8ounce block fatfree cream cheese, softened, 1 8ounce block 13lessfat cream cheese, softened, Bottled cinnamonsugar, optional, Accompaniment: Canadian bacon and mixed fresh fruit with chopped mint.], title: Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 30834: {instructions: Combine yolks and sugar in a mixing bowl and whisk until the color turns slightly pale. Set a pot of water over medium heat and place the mixing bowl over the pot of hot water to create a doubleboiler. Continue to whisk over the mediumlow heat until the mixture begins to thicken the temperature should reach 160 degrees F then add the lemon juice and zest. Continue to cook for 1 to 2 minutes until it thickens up again and then add the Marsala. Continue to cook while whisking until the mixture has thickened but is light and creamy, about 7 to 8 minutes, thinning with water as needed to achieve a souplike texture. Serve in a bowl over fresh berries, dust with powdered sugar and garnish with fresh mint.nThis recipe has been altered from what was shown on air based upon the testing done by the Food Network Kitchens., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 12 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup Marsala, 1 cup water, as needed, 4 cups mixed berries of your choice blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, boysenberries, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Lemon Sabayon with Fresh Wild Berries, picturelink: Wfm0sCk3A7vJE7oPg3IJSzm9290OENK}, 30835: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the honey, tamarind concentrate, lime juice, garlic and chiles in a saucepan, bring to simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor, season with salt and pepper and process until smooth. Pour into a bowl and let cool.nPreheat a charcoal grill for mediumlow and medium direct heat, and indirect grilling. Have ready a squeeze bottle filled with water to handle flareups.nScore the duck breasts with a sharp knife to make a diagonal crosshatch pattern and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the duck on the grill, skinside down, and cook, uncovered, until the skin is nicely browned, about 15 minutes. If the flareups are too great, or the duck browns too quickly, move the duck occasionally over the indirect heat, and then back to direct heat.nOnce almost all of the fat has rendered and the skin is a deep golden brown, flip the duck over, move over medium heat, brush generously with the tamarind glaze and continue grilling until an instantread thermometer reaches 140 degrees F for mediumrare, about 5 minutes. Remove the duck to a cutting board, brush with more of the glaze and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing on the diagonal into 14inchthick slices.nSpread some glaze on the corn tortillas. Top with some duck slices, Pineapple Relish, Pickled Onions and cilantro leaves.nPreheat a charcoal grill for direct mediumhigh heat.nBrush the pineapple slices with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the pineapple until charred on both sides and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Remove the pineapple, cut into dice and place in a bowl. Add the green onions, serrano chiles, lime juice and 2 tablespoons canola oil and toss. Add the cilantro and toss again. Taste, season with salt and pepper, and add more oil, if desired. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nCombine the lime juice, vinegar, sugar and salt in a small saucepan, bring to a boil and cook until the sugar and salt dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes.nPour the liquid mixture over the onions and mix to combine. Top the onions with a small plate to weigh down slightly, cover with foil or plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nCombine the onions and oregano in a medium bowl., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 12 cup tamarind concentrate, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 8 cloves roasted garlic, 6 stemmed dried guajillo chiles, soaked in boiling water for 30 minutes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Magret duck breast halves, about 8 ounces each, trimmed of excess fat, 8 corn tortillas, warmed, for serving, Pineapple Relish, recipe follows, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, 1 golden pineapple, peeled, cut into 1inchthick slices, Canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large green onions green and pale green parts, thinly sliced, 2 small serrano chiles, minced, with or without seeds, Juice of 1 lime, 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 large red onion, peeled, halved and cut into 18inchthick slices, 12 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Tamarind Glazed Duck Tacos with Grilled Pineapple Relish and Pickled Onions, picturelink: vB6Kfsx7rx6HMiAyYd8l2mLUGAT163C}, 30836: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: 2 foilcovered bricks.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the chopped rosemary, olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper to a large resealable plastic bag.nUsing kitchen shears, cut down both sides of the chickens backbone and remove the backbone.nOil the grill grates, remove the chicken from the marinade and place the chickens skinside down on the hot grill rack.nPlace 2 foilcovered bricks on top of the chicken to weigh it down. Grill 20 minutes, then remove the bricks and flip. Continue cooking for 15 to 20 minutes longer, or until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F. Let the chicken rest for 5 minutes before carving.nServe the chicken on a bed of arugula with lemon slices., ingredients: [2 small handfuls chopped rosemary, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for grill grates, Juice of 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 3 12pound chickens, 3 large handfuls arugula, Lemon, sliced, for serving], title: Grilled Tuscan Chicken, picturelink: null}, 30837: {instructions: Slice ends off polenta discard. Cut remaining polenta into 12 slices.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add polenta slices, in batches cook 14 to 16 minutes or until golden brown, turning after 8 minutes. Remove from skillet drain on paper towels.nWhile polenta is cooking melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and onion cook 5 minutes or until onions are tender. Stir in broth bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 8 to 10 minutes or until broth is reduced by half, stirring occasionally. Stir in Jimmy DeanR Hearty Original Sausage Crumbles and half the sage, if desired heat until sausage is hot.nArrange 2 polenta slices on each of 6 serving plates. Top with sausage mixture, cheese, pecans and sprinkle with remaining sage, if desired., ingredients: [1 17ounce package prepared polenta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 12 cups sliced fresh mushrooms, 14 cup chopped onion, 34 cup chicken broth, 1 9.6ounce package Jimmy DeanR Hearty Original Sausage Crumbles, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, optional, 34 cup crumbled feta or goat cheese, 23 cup chopped pecans, toasted], title: Polenta with Sausage and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 30838: {instructions: Line a 9by13inch baking dish with foil coat with cooking spray. Melt 2 cups bittersweet chocolate chips and 1 stick butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Off the heat, whisk in 34 cup each granulated sugar and brown sugar let cool slightly. Whisk in 4 eggs and 1 12 teaspoons vanilla. Stir in 1 cup flour and 12 teaspoon salt, then fold in 1 cup crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies and 12 cup each sliced chocolate candy bars and salted peanuts. Transfer to the baking dish bake at 325 degrees F, 35 minutes. Let cool cut into pieces. Serve topped with Neapolitan ice cream, whipped cream and cotton candy.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: BrownieCotton Candy Sundaes, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 30839: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUnfold a sheet of puff pastry on a lightly floured surface and roll it lightly to an 11 by 11inch square. Using a 6inch wide saucer or other round object as a guide, cut 2 circles from the sheet of puff pastry, discarding the scraps. Repeat with the second pastry sheet to make 4 circles in all. Place the pastry circles on 2 sheet pans lined with parchment paper and refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium to low heat and add the onions and garlic. Saute for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring frequently, until the onions are limp and there is almost no moisture remaining in the skillet. Add 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, the wine, and thyme and continue to cook for another 10 minutes, until the onions are lightly browned. Remove from the heat.nUsing a sharp paring knife, score a 14inchwide border around each pastry circle. Prick the pastry inside the score lines with the tines of a fork and sprinkle a tablespoon of grated Parmesan on each round, staying inside the scored border.nPlace 14 of the onion mixture on each circle, again staying within the scored edge. Crumble 1 ounce of goat cheese on top of the onions. Place a slice of tomato in the center of each tart. Brush the tomato lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with basil, salt, and pepper. Finally, scatter 4 or 5 shards of Parmesan on each tart.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown. The bottom sheet pan may need an extra few minutes in the oven. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [1 package 17.3 ounces2 sheets puff pastry, defrosted, Good olive oil, 4 cups thinly sliced yellow onions 2 large onions, 3 large garlic cloves, cut into thin slivers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus 2 ounces shaved with a vegetable peeler, 4 ounces garlicandherb goat cheese recommended: Montrachet, 1 large tomato, cut into four 14inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons julienned basil leaves], title: Tomato and Goat Cheese Tarts, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 30840: {instructions: Build over ice, stir gently, and serve.nDrink Responsibly. JDK  Sonsu2122 Crave Liqueur, 15 Alc.Vol. u00a92012 John DeKuyper  Son, Frankfort Clermont, KY, ingredients: [1 12 parts JDKSonsu2122 Crave Chocolate Cherry Liqueur, 1 part Jim Beamu00ae Bourbon], title: Dessert Manhattan, picturelink: GH9oVwkfBFwUgvOxNdpVX0LuSh0Bn2}, 30841: {instructions: Place the cheese in some cheesecloth or several layers of paper towels and let it drain for 5 to 10 minutes, pressing gently, to remove excess moisture.nWith a mixer, beat the cheese until smooth. Add the egg and continue to beat until incorporated. Sprinkle in the sugar and salt, and then gradually add the flour continue to mix until a dough begins to form. Add the melted butter and mix just until the dough holds together when patted with your hands, it will look pretty wet. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for several hours or up to overnight, the dough will stiffen as it chills.nUsing a knife, make a slit down the seam of the apricot and carefully pull out the pit, keeping the fruit in tact. Stick a sugar cube inside the apricot where the pit was and squeeze the apricot back together to close it up tightly. The sugar cube melts inside the apricot when you cook it.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Lightly flour a rolling pin and work surface. Roll the dough out into a thin circle and cut out 12 circles with a 4inch ring cutter. Place an apricot in the center of the dough and carefully bring the edges together to completely enclose the fruit and form a dumpling make sure there are not any tears or holes in the dough. Working in batches, gently lower the dumplings into the simmering water they should not be touching or crowded. Cook for about 10 to 15 minutes the dumplings will sink to the bottom of the pot and then rise to the surface. Carefully remove the dumplings from the water with a strainer.nIn a large nonstick skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the bread crumbs, sugar, and cinnamon, cook and stir for a couple of minutes until the bread crumbs are toasty and golden. Lay the bread crumbs out on a sheet pan or plate and roll the apricot dumplings in the browned crumbs to coat evenly.nIn a small bowl, mix the sour cream, brown sugar, and lemon juice together. Serve the apricot dumplings with the sweetsour cream sauce on the side and a dusting of confectioners sugar if desired., ingredients: [12 pound fresh curd cheese, such as topfen, quark, or pot cheese, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 112 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 12 whole fresh apricots, 12 sugar cubes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, dried out, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup light brown sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, if desired], title: Austrian Apricot Dumplings: Marillenknodel, picturelink: null}, 30842: {instructions: In a small microwavesafe bowl, melt 8 ounces of chocolate in 30 second intervals in the microwave until smooth. Dip the top of each cone into the chocolate so there is a 1inch rim, then roll in the crushed or ground espresso. Place the dipped cones on a wax paperlined plate and refrigerate. When firm, about 20 minutes, remove from the refrigerator and set cones, dipped side up, inside small glasses so they stand upright. Spoon the remaining melted chocolate evenly into the sugar cones and return glass and all to the refrigerator.nMeanwhile, hull and quarter 2 pints of strawberries and puree them in a food processor with 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice, 5 tablespoons of the sugar and a pinch of salt. Strain the puree through a finemesh strainer into a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, and cook until reduced by half, about 35 minutes, stirring frequently. Pour into a small bowl and chill the puree until cold.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream and mascarpone to stiff peaks and then fold in the puree in 2 batches. Refrigerate until firm and set, 1 to 2 hours.nJust before serving, hull the remaining 1 pint of strawberries and cut them lengthwise into 14inch slices. Toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and 2 tablespoons of sugar.nTo assemble: Spoon strawberries into the cones until they are 14 full. Top that with approximately 14 cup of the mascarpone mixture, using an ice cream scoop that has been dipped in warm water. Garnish with shaved bittersweet chocolate and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, plus another 1ounce chunk for garnish, 8 sugar cones the dark brown ones, 30 espresso beans, crushed or 4 tablespoons ground espresso, 3 pints ripe strawberries, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 7 tablespoons granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Strawberry Tiramisu Cones, picturelink: r9e1nVeFVgyWZOqoCOS5Tsm7VyAADRS}, 30843: {instructions: Heat the courtbouillon over medium low heat. Add the farro and the cranberries. Stir gently using a wooden spoon until the stock is completely absorbed by the farro. Stir in the butter, and incorporate using the wooden spoon. Season with the salt and pepper. Serve immediately as an accompaniment to game birds.nBasic Farro:nIn a nonreactive sauce pot, bring the courtbouillon to a slow simmer. Meanwhile, in a large braising pan, saute the vegetables and garlic in the olive oil until tender. Add the farro, and stir with a wooden spoon while continuing to saute until the farro in pearlized begins to change color. Season with the salt and pepper. Using an 8 oz. ladle, add a ladle full of stock to the farro. Stir the farro from the bottom, and allow the stock to become almost completely absorbed by the rice. Repeat the procedure until the farro has cooked for exactly 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, and stir in the thyme. Transfer immediately to a two large sheet pans. Spread the farro out evenly using a rubber spatula. Allow the farro to cool in the walkin cooler. Transfer to a container, and label and cover tightly.nIn a stock pot over moderate heat, sweat the vegetables in the grape seed oil until tender. Add the white wine and the bouquet garni. Fill the pot with one gallon of cold water, and bring it to a boil over high flame. Reduce the heat and simmer for two hours skimming intermittently. Strain through a fine mesh strainer lined with moistened cheese cloth.nYield: 1 gallon., ingredients: [8 oz. basic farro, cooked recipe follows, 4 oz. preserved cranberries, 12 oz. courtbouillon recipe follows, 1 tablespoon whole unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon Tellicherry black pepper, freshly ground, 1 gallon courtbouillon recipe follows, 2 pounds grano farro, 12 pound aromatic vegetables, brunoise cut, 2 tablespoons fresh garlic, chopped, 14 cup olive oil or grape seed oil, 1 tablespoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon Tellicherry black pepper, freshly ground, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, 2 white onion, peeled and diced 14, 3 carrots, peeled and diced 14, 12 stalk celery, peeled and diced 14, 1 medium leek, cleaned and diced 14, 1 garlic bulb, quartered, 1 bouquet garni consisting of 2 thyme sprigs, 2 marjoram sprigs, 3 parsley sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 5 whole allspice, 10 white peppercorns, 10 black peppercorns and 12 fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons grape seed oil, 1 cup dry white wine], title: Preserved Cranberry Farro, picturelink: null}, 30844: {instructions: Brush top with oil and butter and broil 4 minutes a side for rare turn over, brush other side with butter or oil and broil 4 minutes a side cook 5 to 7 minutes a side for medium rare never cook until well done., ingredients: [2 tenderloin or fillet steaks, each 1 14inch thick, 8 ounce weight, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon melted butter mixed with 1 teaspoon vegetable oil], title: Broiled Filet Mignon, picturelink: null}, 30845: {instructions: 1. To make the pecan topping, place the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt in a food processor and pulse until combined. Add the butter pieces and pulse a few times, just until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the pecans and pulse just until they are coarsely chopped.n2. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9by13inch glass baking dish.n3. To make the fruit filling, in a large bowl, toss the apple slices with the lemon juice. Add the granulated sugar, flour, and cinnamon and stir to combine. Add the apple brandy and butter cubes and toss until combined. Gently toss in the raspberries. Evenly spread the apple mixture in the prepared pan. Sprinkle the pecan topping evenly over the filling.n4. Bake the crisp for 40 minutes, or until the fruit is bubbling and the top is browned. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup pecan halves, 2 12 pounds Golden Delicious apples 6 or 7 medium apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons applejack, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 12 cups fresh or frozen raspberries not in syrup], title: AppleRaspberry Crisp with Pecan Crunch Topping, picturelink: null}, 30846: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the sweet potatoes and potatoes in a medium pot, cover them with water, and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until they are just tender, 5 to 10 minutes, and drain well.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, whisk the eggs together in a large bowl. Add the sundried tomatoes, hot pepper, and basil. Season well with salt and pepper.nGenerously spray a large, ovenproof skillet with cooking spray and put it over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, mushrooms, and garlic, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the vegetables are soft and just beginning to brown, about 8 minutes. Scrape them into the egg mixture.nSpray the pan again with the cooking spray and add the drained sweet potatoes and potatoes in an even layer. Cook over mediumhigh heat until they start to brown, about 5 minutes. Add them to the eggs and mix well.nSpray the pan again and put it over low heat. Add the egg mixture and spread it out evenly. Cook until the bottom begins to set, about 5 minutes. Use a heatproof spatula to loosen the edge of the tortilla as it cooks on the stove top. Put the pan into the oven and cook until the top is puffed, set, and golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the tortilla from the oven and let it rest for 5 minutes. Place a large plate upside down on top of the tortilla. Using a potholder, with e hand on the handle of the pan and the other on the bottom of the plate turn over the pan and plate so that the tortilla is now on the plate. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 small sweet potatoes or yams, peeled and cut into 14inch thick slices, 2 small white potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch thick slices, 8 large eggs, 6 sundried tomatoes, chopped, 1 small hot pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 medium onion, chopped, 10 white mushrooms, sliced, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped], title: Angel and Brendas Spanish Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 30847: {instructions: For the topping: Bring a 6 to 8quart soup pot of generously salted water to a boil.nIn a large stainless steel skillet, heat the butter over medium heat until melted and slightly browned but not burned. Add the breadcrumbs. Using a wooden spoon, stir the breadcrumbs to coat with the brown butter, and toast until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the chives, oregano and lemon zest. Season to taste and set aside.nFor the pasta: Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until shimmering. Season the shrimp all over with salt and pepper. Add the shrimp to the pan in one layer and cook for 1 minute. Turn and cook 1 more minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp to a bowl.nAdd the garlic and shallot to the pan and cook for 1 minute. Add the wine, lemon juice, pepper flakes and oregano and simmer for 3 minutes. Whisk in the butter piece by piece, thoroughly incorporating each piece before adding the next. Taste and season with additional salt and pepper as needed. Add the shrimp back to the pan and simmer until completely cooked through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the parsley. Remove the skillet from the heat.nAdd the capellini to the boiling water and cook until just tender, about 4 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water and transfer the capellini to a colander to drain. Toss the capellini with the shrimp and parsley, adding some of the pasta water if necessary to keep it moist. Transfer to a large serving bowl or into small bowls as individual servings.nTop with herb breadcrumbs., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 2 teaspoons finely chopped oregano, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds large shrimp 1620 count, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice from 1 to 1 12 lemons, Pinch red pepper flakes, Pinch dried oregano, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cut up, 34 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 12 ounces capellini], title: Shrimp Scampi and Pasta with Herb Breadcrumbs, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 30848: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deepfryer, preheat oil to 350 degrees F.nSeason tomatoes, on both sides, with salt and pepper. Place flour and garlic powder in a shallow dish. In another shallow dish, beat eggs with the milk. In another dish, mix bread crumbs with cayenne and paprika. Dredge tomatoes through the flour, then the eggs, and then through the bread crumbs. Add only a few pieces to the fryer at a time, so they can cook evenly, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and serve with Buttermilk Dipping Sauce:nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the apple cider and brown sugar. Allow to reduce until thick and syrupy. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nIn a medium bowl, add buttermilk, mayonnaise, BBQ sauce and lime juice and whisk well. Add in the scallions and the apple cider mixture. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve with Fried Green Tomatoes., ingredients: [Oil, 4 green tomatoes, cut into 14inch rings, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch paprika, Buttermilk Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 34 cup buttermilk, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Neelys BBQ sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 4 scallions, sliced thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: W7zvuMGZdKDqis4ruEoQh0RvreUgknO}, 30849: {instructions: In a large pot on high heat saute the onion in the olive oil until tender but not brown. Add the garlic. Continue to cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, mussels, and parsley. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until all of the mussels open. Discard the unopened ones and with a large spoon stir the mussels around. Add the ouzo and taste sauce for seasoning., ingredients: [1 medium yellow onion, cut in small dice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 pound fresh tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 pounds fresh black mussels, bearded and scrubbed clean, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces ouzo], title: Steamed Mussels with Tomatoes, Garlic, and Ouzo, picturelink: null}, 30850: {instructions: Put the pomegranate juice in a large, nonreactive pot over mediumhigh heat. Meanwhile, mix the pectin and sugar in a bowl, whisking to combine. When the juice comes to a boil, add the sugarpectin mix, whisking to stir and dissolve, and the lemon juice. Bring back to the boil and boil hard for one full minute. Turn off the heat, ladle into sterilized jars, leaving 18 headroom, and process via the waterbath method., ingredients: [2 12 cups pomegranate juice, 3 cups sugar, 1 packet SureJell pectin, 2 Tbsp lemon juice], title: Cranberryless Sauce, picturelink: null}, 30851: {instructions: Combine the onions and garlic. Whisk together the remaining ingredients and pour 12 marinade over fish with onions and garlic. Let fish marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours. Grill fish on both sides for about 7 minutes. Warm remaining marinade and serve over cooked fish., ingredients: [2 onions, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 1 whole cleaned red snapper], title: Creole Marinated Grilled Red Snapper, picturelink: byeCblp7MJAvOnYq.itUIlaZJGWsZJC}, 30852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with the rack in the center.nPlace the chilled puff pastry on a lightly floured surface. Roll out the dough until it is about 18inch thick, making a 24 by 26inch piece. Use a sharp knife to trim the edges of the dough this will help make the straws uniform as they cook. Brush the dough lightly with the melted butter. Sprinkle the dough with 34 cup of the Parmesan, 1 tablespoon of the poppy seeds, and 1 teaspoon of the salt.nWith the short side of the dough facing you, fold the dough in half, bringing the top edge down toward you. Brush the surface of the dough with the egg. Sprinkle with the remaining salt, remaining poppy seeds, and 12 cup Parmesan. Using a very sharp knife, cut the dough vertically into 12inchwide strips. Transfer 6 of the strips onto a baking sheet, spacing them evenly apart. Grab each end of a dough strip with your fingers, and carefully stretch and twist the strip in opposite directions. Continue with the remaining strips of dough. Unbaked dough should be stored in the refrigerator to stay cool. The straws may be twisted, covered with plastic wrap, and transferred on the baking sheets to the refrigerator before baking.nBake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and let cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes to firm up. Using both hands, transfer the sticks to a wire rack or serving platter.nPuff Pastry:n3 34 cups allpurpose flourn1 12 teaspoons coarse saltn1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, chilledn1 cup ice waternCombine the flour and salt in a large, chilled stainlesssteel bowl. Slice the butter into paperthin pieces. Using a pastry blender, or working with your fingertips, cut the butter into the flour until the butter is the size of peas, about 12inch in diameter do not use anfood processor.nUsing a fork, stir in the water gradually, pressing the dough together with your hands as it becomes damp. Turn the dough out onto a wellfloured board, and roll it into a rough rectangle with a short side facing you. The dough will be very crumbly. Fold the dough into thirds, and turn it a quarter to the right. Roll the dough into a large rectangle, 9 by 16 inches, and fold into thirds again. This completes the first double turn. Brush away any excess flour. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap, and chill for 30 minutes.nRepeat rolling and folding 2 more times, chilling for 30 minutes after each double turn. With each turn the dough will become smoother and easier to handle. Roll out and bake as instructed in the recipe. The dough can be stored, wrapped well in plastic wrap, in the refrigerator for up to 2 days, or frozen for up to 3 months. To thaw, place in the refrigerator for 24 hours., ingredients: [Puff Pastry, chilled, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 5 ounces Parmesan, grated on the small holes of a box grater to yield 1 14 cups, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon poppy seeds, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Parmesan Poppy Puff Pastry Straws, picturelink: null}, 30853: {instructions: Blanch the haricot vert and reserve.nFinely julienne red pepper and reserve.nClean all the greens. Trim and cut frisee in half and reserve along with haricot vert and peppers To Finish:nIn one saute pan season and sear the frisee, toss in the other greens, haricot vert, peppers and the vinaigrette. Season and toss, then remove to plates.nIn a second saute pan, which should be very hot, season and sear the scallops then glaze and arrange on salad. Garnish with honeyspice almonds.nPrepare vinaigrette by blending all ingredients.nAlmonds: 12 cup honey 1 tablespoon ground coriander 1 teaspoon ground chili flakes 1 cup toasted whole almondsnPrepare almonds by caramelizing honey, then add in spices and stir in almonds. Remove from heat and quickly separate almonds onto an oiled sheet pan so they wont clump together. Allow to coolnClean the scallops and reserve.nPrepare the glaze by combining sugar, water and spice in a small pan and reducing to a thick syrup. Strain into pear nectar., ingredients: [14 pound haricot vert, 1 sweet red pepper, 4 small heads frisee, 14 pound mizuna, 14 pound baby spinach, 1 head radicchio, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon mirin, 2 tablespoons pear nectar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup canola oil, 8 to 12 ounces pristine scallops, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 slice of fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, 14 cup pear nectar, Salt, Pepper], title: Asian Pear Salad with Tiny Beans, Rice Wine Vinaigrette, Honey Crusted Almonds and Pear Glazed Scallops, picturelink: null}, 30854: {instructions: Heat oil in a large stockpot. Gently saute onions and garlic until golden brown, being careful not to burn them. Add mussels to pot along with beer, marinara sauce, salt, pepper, and pasta seasoning, and top off with fresh chopped tomatoes and fresh basil. Cover pot and simmer until mussels open. Remove mussels to serving platter, discarding any that do not open. Spoon sauce around mussels and put extra sauce in a serving bowl to be used for dipping crusty bread or serving over a side of pasta., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 2 red onions, chopped fine, 6 cloves garlic, minced fine, 8 dozen mussels, debearded and well scrubbed, 2 cans beer your choice, 2 cups marinara sauce, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons Irvine Spice Supreme Salad and Pasta Mix Seasoning, 12 bunch basil leaves, 8 fresh finely chopped tomatoes], title: Mussels Marinara, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 30855: {instructions: Dough: In a bowl mix muffin mix, salt, butter, shortening, 1 egg, vinegar, and water. Knead dough, and cut into 2 pieces. With a rolling pin, roll out each crust large enough to cover a pie pan. Place 1 crust in a pie pan and remove excess crust. Refrigerate until ready to use. Set aside remaining crust in the refrigerator.nFilling: In a bowl mix lime juice, tequila, Greek seasoning, and chicken breasts. Let marinate in refrigerator for 2 hours.nPreheat a grill or grill pan. Grill chicken until cooked through and juices run clear. Let cool and shred.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add onions and cook until onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and let cook for 1 minute. Remove heat add 2 cans of cream of chicken soup, tomatoes, garlic salt, and green chiles. Stir in 12 cup of milk and 1 12 cups of cheese. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Add shredded chicken and remove from the heat.nPour filling into pie crust, add remaining 1 cup of cheeses, and cover with the reserved top crust. Cut small slits in top crust and flute edges. Mix 14 cup of water with remaining 1 egg and beat well. Brush the egg mixture over the top crust.nBake for 30 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups muffin mix, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick butter, 1 cup shortening, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon tequila, 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning recommended: Cavenders Seasoning, 2 large chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 yellow onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cans cream of chicken soup, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 3 tablespoons diced tomatoes and green chiles recommended: Rotel brand, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 cup roasted green chiles, 12 cup milk, 2 12 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese], title: Green Chili Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 30856: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the Cocoa Powder Blend ingredients well. Store in an airtight container in a cool dry place.nIn a saucepan, combine the milk and cream and heat until warm over medium high heat.nOnce warm, turn heat down to low and add 34 cup cocoa powder blend. Blend with a whisk and steep with the cinnamon for 10 minutes.nAfter steeping, bring the mixture to a boil, and strain, to remove cinnamon stick and vanilla bean chunks. Pour into a blender and pulse, to add air and create a foamy head. Serve immediately in a bowl with whipped cream. Sprinkle with ancho chile powder and garnish corn husks., ingredients: [2 cups chocolate shavings, Scharffen Berger or Callebaut, 1 cup cocoa powder, Scharffen Berger or Cacao Barry, 23 cup sugar with 1 vanilla bean chopped and mixed into the sugar, 1 tablespoon ancho chile pepper powder, 1 tablespoon cornmeal, 1 cup 2 percent or whole milk, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 cinnamon sticks, Whipped cream, as an accompaniment, Corn husks and ancho chile powder, as a garnish], title: Aztec Elixir, picturelink: null}, 30857: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the simple syrup: In a small saucepan, combine 14 cup of water with 12 cup of sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil and stir until all the sugar is dissolved. Take pan off heat and set aside to cool.nFor the sugar rims: In a shallow bowl, combine 14 cup of sugar with the lemon and lime zest. Rub the lemon around the glass rim, making sure to evenly coat both inside and out. Lightly press the rim into the sugar to frost.nIn a small pitcher, combine the Prosecco, amaretto liqueur, lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons of cooled simple syrup. Pour into the sugared glass over ice.nGarnish with a slice of lemon and a slice of lime., ingredients: [14 cup water, 12 cup sugar, plus 14 cup sugar for sugaring glass rim, 1 lemon, zested, 1 lime, zested, 12 lemon, juiced saving the remaining 12 lemon for coating glass rim, 34 cup Prosecco, 2 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 2 tablespoons simple syrup, Ice cubes, Lemon and lime slices, for garnish], title: Amaretto Sour with Prosecco, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 30858: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare shells according to the directions on the box. After cooking shock in an ice bath.nIn the large bowl combine the tomato sauce, and the can of peeled whole tomatoes. Break up the tomatoes with a fork. Add 4 of the meatballs to the sauce and break up with a fork.nIn a medium bowl combine the ricotta, Parmesan, shredded provolone, egg, basil and Italian seasoning. Stir until well blended.nPour the ricotta cheese mixture into a resealable bag. Cut 1 corner of the bag and use it to fill each pasta shell with cheese mixture.nPour 2 inches of the sauce and meatball mixture in the baking dish. Add 12 cheese stuffed shells, top with 14 cup of the mozzarella cheese and pour half of the remaining sauce mixture over shells. Place the remaining 12 stuffed shells on top, add remaining sauce mixture and top with remaining mozzarella cheese. Slice the remaining 4 meatballs in half and place around the perimeter of the baking dish.nCover with foil, and place in oven and bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from oven and let cool 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 box uncooked jumbo pasta shells, 1 26ounce jar chunky tomato sauce with onion and garlic, 1 28ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, 1 package 8 uncooked preseasoned meatballs, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup shredded provolone cheese, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 8ounce package shredded mozzarella cheese whole milk, Special equipment: 1 13 by 9inch baking dish or 1 10inch round baking dish], title: No Mess or Stress Stuffed Shells, picturelink: wLUFUYI40PZU20JU2g5GYt6q7kMsNC}, 30859: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nIn an oven proof casserole, heat, until very hot, half of the oil. In small batches brown the veal cubes on all sides. When one batch is done, add more oil if you need to and continue to brown until all the veal is done. Discard the fat in the casserole and replace it with the butter. Add the carrot, onion and celery, cover and simmer 5 minutes or until onions are translucent. Add the white wine and boil down for a minute or until alcohol has evaporated. Return the veal cubes to the casserole with garlic and add just enough broth to barely cover the veal. Bring the liquid to a boil, add the bouquet garni, put a buttered piece of parchment or brown paper on top of the meat, then a lid on the casserole and set in the oven. Cook for 1 14 to 1 12 hours or until the meat is tender.nRemove casserole from the oven and strain the contents through a sieve and the liquid into another saucepan discard bouquet garni. Divide solids into 2 batches. Degrease the liquid and boil it down until reduced to 3 cups. Remove 1 12 cups of the liquid and add it to half of the meat. Return the other half of the veal to the remaining liquid. Season with salt and pepper. Thicken with beurre manie if you wish. Serve with rice, polenta or potatoes garnish with parsley., ingredients: [4 pounds veal shoulder cut into 1 inch cubes, patted dry, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 carrots, finely cubed, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 stalk celery finely minced, 2 cloves minced garlic, 12 cup dry white wine, Beef broth or veal stock, Bouquet garni: parsley, bay leaf and peppercorns, 1 tablespoon or so of beurre manie, paste made in equal proportions of butter and flour], title: Blueprint for Veal Stew, picturelink: null}, 30860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the truffle base: In a double boiler you know the rules, dont let that water touch the bottom of your top pot or bowl, add the milk chocolate, sweetened condensed milk, bittersweet chocolate and salt. Cook until the mixture reduces in volume and slightly thickens, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a tray and then refrigerate until solid, about 3 hours.nFor the coating. Set the oven to broil or the highest temperature possible on your oven and preheat. On a large parchment paperlined baking sheet with edges, add the marshmallows in 1 layer. Broil until the marshmallows are black: not brown, but black. If the oven is uneven, rotate the tray during broiling, but it needs to char them black. Have the strength to wait.nAllow the marshmallows to cool completely sliding the parchment off the sheet onto a plate and placing it in the fridge helps. Once the marshmallows are hardened completely, remove and finely chop. Add them to a large bowl with the graham cracker crumbs and stir to combine.nRemove the truffle base from the refrigerator and, using a small scoop or spoon, make several balls a bit smaller than a golf ball or the size of a shooter marble. Roll these in the grahammarshmallow coating and place on a tray. Repeat with the rest of the truffle base and coating and refrigerate until ready to serve.nServe the truffles chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups milk chocolate chips, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 cups mini marshmallows, 1 cup crushed cinnamon graham crackers], title: Sunnys Easy Smores Truffles, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 30861: {instructions: Make the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the heavy cream, sour cream and vanilla in a small bowl refrigerate until ready to use. Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter pulse until the mixture looks like fine meal. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the chocolate chips and 1 cup shredded coconut. Gently fold in the heavy cream mixture using a rubber spatula until just combined.nDivide the dough into 6 pieces on the prepared baking sheet pat into 3inch rounds about 1 inch high. Brush the rounds with heavy cream and sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup shredded coconut. Bake until lightly browned and slightly firm to the touch, about 30 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, make the toppings: Toss the strawberries, 14 cup brown sugar and the vanilla in a medium bowl set aside.nJust before serving, beat the heavy cream, sour cream and the remaining 14 cup brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Split the shortcakes in half sandwich the strawberries and cream between the halves.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Pinch of salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes and frozen, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 2 pounds strawberries, hulled and sliced, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sour cream], title: CoconutChocolate Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 30862: {instructions: Mix the cream cheese, provolone, olives, roasted red peppers, salami, artichoke hearts and crushed red pepper flakes in a medium bowl until well combined. Chill until firm and the flavors have blended, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nShape the mixture into a ball and roll in the pine nuts. Serve with the crackers and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup grated provolone about 2 ounces, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped, 14 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 12 thin slices salami, diced about 2 ounces, One 6ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and chopped about 12 cup, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, 13 cup toasted pine nuts, Crackers, for serving, Parsley, for serving], title: Italian Cheese Ball, picturelink: .aGIxIupRVvLDwAMXP8Iq9WrsTtE1C}, 30863: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn an electric mixer, cream the margarine and sour cream. Add the flour and mix well. Drop large spoonfuls of the dough into a muffin pan that has been sprayed with cooking spray or lined with muffin cups. Bake for until the tops of the muffins are golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup margarine, softened, 1 cup sour cream, 2 cups selfrising flour, Cooking spray], title: Easiest Muffins, picturelink: 0LimezhsY41eXki24492ea64K0tjfoa}, 30864: {instructions: Spread the Creamy Veggie Hummus on the bottom half of the bagel, then top with the spinach leaves, tomato, turkey, cucumbers and the other half of the bagel. Wrap the sandwich in a paper towel and then aluminum foil.nPulse Neufchatel, hummus, tomatoes, carrots, garlic and scallion in a food processor until fully mixed, but somewhat chunky. Transfer to a container. This spread will keep well in the refrigerator for about a week., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Creamy Veggie Hummus, recipe follows, 1 mini whole wheat bagel, toasted, 3 baby spinach leaves, 1 slice tomato, 34 ounce smoked turkey about 1 thin slice folded into quarters, 3 thin slices cucumber, 4 ounces Neufchatel, room temperature, 14 cup prepared hummus, 4 sundried tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 small carrot, roughly chopped, 1 small clove garlic, 1 scallion, roughly chopped], title: Creamy Hummus and Smoked Turkey Sandwich, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 30865: {instructions: In large bowl combine all ingredients using only half of the green pepper and onion.nSet aside the remainder of green pepper and onion mix for the stuffing.nAfter thoroughly cooking the ground round on stovetop add all ingredients including the remaining green pepper and onion mix, cover and simmer another 10 minutes.nUsing the raw kibbe meat, make football shapes the size of your hands, once formed using your finger make a hole at the end of the football deep enough to add approximately a tablespoonful of stuffing into the football. Close the end after stuffing.nHeat a pan of oil to 350 degrees F, fill pan with enough oil to completely cover the kibbe ball. Moisten hands and pat your kibbe ball making sure it is sealed on both ends.nDeepfry until a deep golden brown, ingredients: [1 pound ground round, 1 medium green pepper, pureed in blender, 1 medium onion, pureed in blender, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, browned, Oil, for frying, 1 cup Number 1 cracked wheat, rinsed in cold water], title: Crystal  Kibbe Recipe, picturelink: null}, 30866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the BBQ Sauce:nHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a heavybottomed medium saucepan. Add the onions and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup and the water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor and puree until smooth, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into a bowl and allow to cool at room temperature. Sauce will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator stored in a tightly sealed container.nFor the Garlic Toast:nCombine the butter and garlic in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until the butter is melted. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and let sit 5 minutes.nPreheat the broiler.nPut the bread on a baking sheet and broil until both sides until lightly golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Remove from the oven and brush them with the garlic butter. Transfer to a serving platter and set aside until ready to serve.nFor the Neat Joes:nHeat the oil over high heat in a large highsided saute pan until the oil begins to smoke.nAdd the beef, breaking it up into small pieces using a metal spatula or wooden spoon, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate. Drain off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the pan. Add the onion and celery and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the poblano, bell peppers and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the ancho powder and cook for 30 seconds. Add the BBQ sauce, 14 cup of water and the ketchup, bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, stir in the mustard, Worcestershire, honey, brown sugar and molasses. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the cover, return the meat to the pan and continue cooking until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes longer. Add the vinegar, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the 12 cup of parsley or cilantro.nTop slices of the garlic bread with some of the sloppy joe mixture, sprinkle with cilantro or parsley.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 cups ketchup, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons chipotle puree depending on how spicy you want it, 14 teaspoon chile de arbol or cayenne, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons molasses, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 12inch slices sourdough bread, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 pounds ground chuck 8020, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup small dice red onion, 12 cup small dice celery, 12 cup small dice roasted poblano chile, 12 cup small dice roasted red bell pepper, 12 cup small dice roasted yellow bell pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1 14 cups BBQ Sauce, recipe above, 14 cup water, 14 ketchup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley or cilantro, plus more for garnish], title: Throwdowns Sloppy Joes, picturelink: JEunew1ttkC3wJn1y5gT1qOG61gxnVG}, 30867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork: Combine the spices in a medium bowl. Mix 14 to 12 cup of the spice mixture with the pork, until completely coated, and let marinate for 2 hours. Reserve the remainder of the spices for another time. In a large pot add the pork and enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the meat pulls apart easily. Set aside to cool. Shred with a fork.nFor the dough: In a large bowl combine the dry ingredients and shortening and mix. Add small amounts of the water at a time until the dough forms. Knead for a few minutes, and then wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 1 hour. After the dough rests, on a floured table roll out the dough to 18inch thick. Cut 4inch disks and set aside in the refrigerator. Excess scraps can be rolled again for more disks, just allow the scrap ball to rest before rolling.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, combine the shredded pork with the sweet potato, black beans, cilantro, cinnamon and some salt and pepper. Mix well. In another bowl, mix equal parts cold water and flour to use as a binder for the empanadas. Fill the dough disks with a generous spoon of the filling, brush the outer edges with the flour and water mix and then fold over so it looks similar to ravioli. Crimp the edges with a fork and set aside for frying.nFor the salsa and glaze: In a medium bowl, mix all the ingredients for the salsa. In a separate bowl combine the ingredients for the glaze.nPreheat 3 inches of oil in a large saucepan or Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nIn batches, fry the empanadas for 3 to 5 minutes or until they are golden brown. Brush the empanadas with the chipotlehoney glaze and serve on a bed of the salsa. Garnish with fresh cilantro sprigs and some of the glaze., ingredients: [14 cup granulated garlic, 14 cup coarse kosher salt, 14 cup smoked sweet paprika, 14 cup cumin powder, 14 cup onion powder, 14 cup black pepper, 1 pound boneless pork shoulder, cut into large cubes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar, 13 cup shortening, 13 cup cold water, 1 cup cooked and mashed sweet potato, about 1 large, 12 cup cooked black beans, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for binding, 1 cup diced pineapple, 14 cup diced red onion, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 2 limes, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 cup chipotle pepper puree, 12 cup honey, Oil, for frying, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Pork and Sweet Potato Empanadas, picturelink: bqOSzbONDk2nb6UJML.L2LP68DPurS}, 30868: {instructions: In a large, nonreactive saucepan, combine the vinegars, grape juice, white and brown sugars, celery seed, turmeric, mustard seed, cloves, and salt, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Turn the heat to low and simmer for 3 minutes, stirring several times to dissolve the sugars.nRemove from the heat, add all the remaining ingredients, and mix well to combine. Cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate. These pickles will keep, covered and refrigerated, for 2 to 3 months., ingredients: [1 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 12 cup white grape juice, 1 cup white sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, bruised with a rolling pin, 34 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seed, slightly crushed with a rolling pin, 7 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, Piece fresh ginger the size of your little finger, peeled and cut into rounds about the thickness of a dime, 3 red or green jalapeno peppers or other small chiles of your choice, thinly sliced, 4 cups mixed red and green seedless grapes, 1 medium jicama, peeled and cut into cubes about 38inch thick about 2 cups], title: Pickled Grapes with Jicama and Celery Seed, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 30869: {instructions: Preheat your waffle iron, and sift together the dry ingredients.nCombine the wet ingredients, the potatoes and the dry ingredients.nDont overmix the batter Pour in enough batter to cover waffle iron. Take out when your waffle iron indicates by the light that your waffle is done Enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup sifted flour, 2 teaspoons of baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon allspice, 3 beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup sweet potatoes, cooked and mashed, or canned], title: Sweet Potato Waffles, picturelink: null}, 30870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Toast the almonds in a dry skillet over medium heat, while stirring, until just slightly blonde, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate to cool completely. You can stick in the freezer to hurry up this process.nAdd the flour, confectioners sugar and salt to the bowl of a food processor and pulse a few times to mix everything together. This will help break up potential lumps in the confectioners sugar. Add the cooled almonds and pulse again for 30 seconds. Add the butter and pulse until the dough looks like small clumps. Add the beaten egg and pulse in long increments, again until the dough comes together. It should be bunched up in a few balls.nLightly dust your workspace with flour. Spray a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom with nonstick spray. Remove the dough from the food processor. Knead lightly a few times to incorporate all the dry ingredients, and then form into a flat disc. Press the dough into the prepared tart pan. Chill for 30 minutes in the freezer.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the tart from the freezer and place on a baking sheet. Prick the bottom of the tart all over with a fork to prevent the dough from puffing while it bakes. Line the tart with parchment paper and pie weights on top dried beans will work in a pinch. Bake the crust for 25 minutes. Remove the tart from the oven, remove the parchment and pie weights and bake for 2 more minutes. If the tart has puffed at all during baking, you can press the dough back down with a spoon.nWhile crust bakes, make the curd: Whisk together the granulated sugar, lemon juice, salt and eggs in a heavybottomed medium saucepan off the heat. Once the mixture is well blended, place over medium heat and cook while stirring, until the curd is thick, about 8 minutes. The curd is cooked when it reaches 170 degrees F. Whisk in the butter piece by piece it will loosen up slightly. Pour into a large measuring cup.nRemove the crust from the oven and carefully add the lemon curd. Do not overfill the tart dough fill just below the top of the tart. Bake the tart until set, about 10 more minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely before serving. Remove the tart ring and slice into pieces. Garnish with confectioners sugar if desired., ingredients: [14 cup blanched slivered almonds, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, very cold, sliced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Nonstick spray, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 4 to 5 lemons, 4 large eggs plus 1 large yolk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon size slices, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, optional], title: Lemon Tart, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 30871: {instructions: Preheat the grill pan and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace a rack over a large baking sheet. Cut the 2 ends off the eggplant. Cut the eggplants lengthwise, into 12inch thick slices. Arrange eggplant slices onto rack. Sprinkle with sea salt to help remove excess moisture and any bitterness from the eggplants. Set aside for about 10 to 15 minutes. Rinse off the salt from the eggplants and pat dry with a towel. Spray hot grill pan liberally with vegetable spray and then place eggplant slices on the grill until lightly browned on each side and tender, about 4 minutes per side. Remove slices from the grill pan and allow to cool.nIn a large bowl, beat eggs until lightly scrambled. Mix the ricotta in with the egg. Add mozzarella, 3 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese and toasted pine nuts and gently combine. Fold in basil just to combine. Do not overmix.nPlace a tablespoon of the cheese mixture on 1 end of the eggplant and roll up tightly. Place the eggplant rollatini into a greased with olive oil 13 by 9inch baking dish, seam side down. Continue with remaining eggplant. Evenly distribute the tomato sauce on top of the eggplant rollatini. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with remaining 5 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese and bake for 15 minutes. When cooked, drizzle the top with extravirgin olive oil.nIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.nAdd 12 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months., ingredients: [3 mediumsized eggplants about 4 pounds total, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Can vegetable spray, 32 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 8 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 20 basil leaves, chiffonaded, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 cups fresh tomato sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Eggplant Rollatini, picturelink: null}, 30872: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nUse a melon baller to remove center core of seeds from each zucchini half, leaving hollowed out shells with about a 12inch border of flesh. Set aside shells and chop flesh roughly. Heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat and add shallots, salt and pepper. Cook 5 minutes until soft and slightly golden. Add chopped zucchini centers, 1 cup of corn and the limas and saute over high heat 46 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, place remaining 14 cup corn, cheese and egg. Process to blend thoroughly. Remove to a large bowl and mix in cooled cornlima mixture. Divide the mixture among the zucchini shells, mounding up slightly. Place stuffed zucchini in a roasting pan and cover with foil. Roast for 20 minutes, remove the foil, and bake for another 10 minutes until filling is puffed up and firm and zucchini are soft. Remove from oven and serve 2 boats per person., ingredients: [4 large zucchini, cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups corn, freshly cut off the cob, or frozen, thawed, 12 cup frozen baby lima beans, thawed, 12 cup Panela cheese or Ricotta, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Zucchini Boats Stuffed with Succotash, picturelink: null}, 30873: {instructions: Butterfly each shrimp by cutting along the back, through the shell, to remove the black vein. Rinse, then spread it wide open, leaving the shell on. Sprinkle with salt and the freshly ground black pepper. Set aside for at least 12 hour.nIn a large, heavy pan, with a tightfitting lid, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken thighs well with salt and pepper, then add to the hot oil, skinside down. Cook for about 2 minutes, or until the skin just begins to brown. Add the chorizo slices and toss with the chicken. Cook for 1 minute. Add the shallots, the garlic, and the string beans. Mix well. Add the rice, stirring to incorporate well and to coat the rice thoroughly with oil. Add the stock and the saffron threads. Stir well. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes.nEmbed the shrimp in the top part of the rice, then scatter the snails and the pimento strips around the shrimp, all in a decorative pattern. Cover and cook for 10 minutes more, or until the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is just cooked. Remove from oven, and cover with a damp tea towel for 10 minutes. Serve at the table out of the pan., ingredients: [34 pound large shrimp about 12, Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground coarse black pepper, 1 tablespoon fruity olive oil, 2 large chicken thighs, boned, cut in quarters, 2 ounces chorizo, sliced fairly thin, 2 large shallots, chopped, 3 medium cloves garlic, chopped, 2 ounces string beans, cut in 12inch lengths, 1 cup shortgrained rice, such as Italian Arborio, 2 14 cups shellfish stock or chicken stock, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 12 large canned snails, 2 pimentos, cut in strips], title: Parsley Paella with Peppered Shrimp, String Beans and Snails, picturelink: null}, 30874: {instructions: Mix 3 tablespoons melted butter with a pinch of salt and cayenne. Lay out rounds of refrigerated biscuit dough on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Brush with the butter top with shredded cheddar and chopped chives. Fold into halfmoons and crimp to seal, then bake as the label directs. Brush with more butter.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: CheddarChive Turnovers, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 30875: {}, 30876: {instructions: This drink can be served straight up or on the rocks.nIf making straight up: To a cocktail shaker, add ice, vodka, melon liqueur, and a splash orange juice shake vigorously to combine. Strain into a large, chilled martini glass and garnish with melon balls.nIf making drink on the rocks: Fill rocks glass with ice. Add vodka, melon liqueur and enough orange juice to fill glass. Stir with either a stirrer or straw. Garnish with melon balls., ingredients: [Ice, 1 part your favorite vodka, 1 part melon liqueur recommended: Midori or generic brand, Orange juice, Various melon balls cantaloupe, honeydew, or watermelon  using all 3 is called TripleLindy and is definitely money], title: Thornton MelonBall, picturelink: ob3bp5M9DmJLawniJJEVZPXAveoT22q}, 30877: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place almonds in 15 12 x 10 12inch jellyroll pan. Bake 10 to 15 minutes until golden brown, shaking pan occasionally. Cool almonds in pan on wire rack.nWhile almonds cool, in heavy 3quart saucepan, heat vinegar and 2 cups sugar to boiling over medium heat. Continue cooking over medium heat until mixture turns dark amber in color, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. If using a thermometer, temperature should read about 360 degrees F.nMeanwhile, in small bowl, mix salt, cumin, coriander, ground red pepper, and remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Lightly grease large cookie sheet.nRemove saucepan from heat. Stir spice mixture into hot sugar syrup. Add almonds, and stir until evenly coated. Immediately pour mixture onto cookie sheet. With 2 forks, spread almond mixture to form a single layer.nCool brittle completely on cookie sheet on wire rack. With hands, break brittle into small pieces. Store in tightly covered jar or tin for up to a month., ingredients: [1 pound blanched whole almonds, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 to 34 teaspoon ground red pepper cayenne], title: Hot and Sweet Nut Brittle, picturelink: null}, 30878: {instructions: Garlic puree: Place the garlic cloves in a saucepan of boiling water. Bring to a boil, drain and repeat 3 times. Once fairly soft, you will find they peel very easily. Place cloves in the blender and blend until thick, smooth, and glossy. Set aside.nParsley sauce: Wash the parsley. Pick the leaves off, place in boiling water, and simmer gently for 3 to 4 minutes. Run under cold water to stop further cooking. Place leaves in a blender and blend to a paste. Squeeze the puree through a sieve, place in a saucepan with a little water, enough to obtain the consistency of a coulis. Cook until it covers the back of a spoon smoothly and evenly. Set aside.nFrogs legs: Remove two muscles from the shin part of the leg. Roll the legs in the bowl of plain flour mixed with salt and ground black pepper. Fry gently in the goose fat and butter in a shallow saute pan. Cook the legs until crispy and slightly browned on the outside, about 3 to 5 minutes. Place on a kitchen towel to absorb the excess grease.nThis dish is best served on a white plate, as it is so colorful. Place a layer of the parsley puree all over the plate. Create a small mound of garlic puree in the middle. Uniformly place the frogs legs around the garlic in a circle. About 12 frogs legs per person is recommended., ingredients: [14 ounces 400 grams garlic, 2 ounces 100 grams flat leaf parsley, 1 12 ounces 60 grams unsalted butter, 2 14 pounds 1 kilogram fresh frogs legs, A bowl of plain flour mixed with salt and ground black pepper, 2 18 cups 500 milliliters goose fat], title: Frogs Legs, picturelink: null}, 30879: {instructions: Season pork meat with garlic and black pepper, to taste. Baste lightly with olive oil. Place on grill at low heat cook for 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, Garlic, to taste, Pepper, to taste, Olive oil, for basting], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 30880: {instructions: In a large, deep, heavybottomed saute pan, heat the canola oil to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the chicken with flour. In a separate shallow bowl, beat the eggs with the milk, Parmigiano cheese, Pecorino cheese, basil, mint, chives, tarragon, marjoram, salt, and pepper. Pour the bread crumbs onto a deep dish. Shake the excess flour from the chicken and dredge the chicken in the beaten eggs then in the bread crumbs. Dip the chicken in the eggs a second time and then again in the bread crumbs.nFry the chicken in the heated oil until golden brown, about 5 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels and season lightly with salt. Serve with the dipping sauces and Simple Iceberg Salad.nMix the creme fraiche, gorgonzola, cayenne pepper, paprika, and fresh chives in a bowl until they are smooth. There will still be some small chunks of gorgonzola.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks with half of the oil and half of the lemon juice. Add the mustard and garlic. While whisking, add the remaining oil and lemon juice. When the texture is smooth and creamy, stir in the chives and sundried tomatoes. Season the aioli with salt, and pepper, to taste. Keep the aioli refrigerated until ready to serve.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper, to taste. Toss the shredded lettuce with the dressing just before serving., ingredients: [1 16ounce bottle canola oil, for frying, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup Parmigiano cheese, grated, 12 cup pecorino cheese, grated, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 cups bread crumbs with Italian seasoning, Dipping sauces, recipes follow, Simple Iceberg Salad, recipe follows, 8 ounces creme fraiche, 1 small wedge gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 2 egg yolks, 1 12 cups extra virgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, divided, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 1 tablespoon jarred roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, thinly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded and chilled], title: Fried Chicken with Dipping Sauces: Cotolitta di Pollo con Salse, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 30881: {instructions: Preheat oven according to package directions for biscuits. Arrange biscuits on nonstick baking sheet and sprinkle with a little ground cayenne pepper or sweet paprika then place biscuits into a preheated oven. Bake until golden, remove biscuits from oven and then cool.nIn a medium skillet, bring 1 cup white wine and 2 cups chicken broth and 1 bay leaf to a boil. Slide in chicken breasts and gently poach them in simmering broth and wine for 10 to 12 minutes.nPreheat a second skillet over medium heat. Add oil and butter. When butter melts into oil, add mushrooms and onion and cook 5 minutes until tender. Add flour and cook another minute.nPull chicken from broth and set on cutting board. Ladle cooking liquid into the mushrooms, whisking it in. Add 2 to 2 12 cups of liquid and discard the bay leaf. Add pimentos and peas to the sauce. Dice chicken into bitesize pieces and slide into bubbling sauce.nSplit the biscuits, place bottoms on dinner plates and cover with ladles of Chicken a la King. Cap with biscuit tops and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tube jumbo bakeoff biscuits recommended: Pillsbury brand Grands, available on dairy aisle, A sprinkle cayenne spicy or sweet paprika mild, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil or extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 pound small white mushrooms, sliced, 12 small white onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons chopped pimentos, 1 cup frozen green peas, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf or curly parsley], title: Long Live The Chicken a la King, picturelink: null}, 30882: {instructions: Place the soaked beans in a large saucepan, cover with water, add the ham hock and beer. Cook over mediumhigh heat until tender, about 112 hours. Drain. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until almost smoking. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and cook, stirring until it is coated with the oil, about 2 minutes. Add the water and 1 tablespoon salt, stir, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender. Place the basil, pine nuts and garlic in a food processor and process until smooth. Slowly add the oil to make a smooth paste. Combine the cooked rice and beans in a large saucepan and cover with water, cook over medium heat until almost dry. Add the pesto and stir to incorporate. Stir in the cheese, parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste.nHeat orange juice in a medium saucepan and reduce to 14 cup. Let cool slightly. Combine the orange syrup, vinegar, mustard and ancho chile powder in a blender and blend 30 seconds. With the motor running slowly add the oil until the dressing emulsifies. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Reserve 12 cup of the marinade, pour the remaining marinade into a large baking dish, add the tenderloin and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours. Preheat grill pan until almost smoking. Remove pork from marinade and grill for 10 to 12 minutes basting with the reserved marinade. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nSpoon rice and beans onto a large platter, top with sliced pork and drizzle with Spicy Orange Vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, picked over and soaked overnight, drained, 1 ham hock, 1 12ounce bottle beer or ale, 14 cup olive oil, 1 Spanish onion finely chopped, 1 12 cups converted rice, 3 12 cups water, Salt, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoons pine nuts, 4 cloves garlic, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup Grana Padano cheese, Pepper, Parsley, 3 cups fresh orange juice, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 1 cup olive oil, 23 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 1 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoons salt, 2 2 pound pork tenderloins], title: Marinated Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Spicy Orange Vinaigrette and Black Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 30883: {instructions: Combine the sugar and meringue powder in a stainless steel bowl and whisk to combine. Mix egg whites and corn syrup. Combine the egg white mixture with the sugar mixture and whisk vigorously. Heat mixture over a hot water bath, stirring occasionally. The meringue is ready when the sugar is dissolved. Whip in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment for 10 to 15 minutes. Slowly add the cool, room temperature butter and shortening. Add the vanilla seeds and then fold in the crushed cookies.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, 5 egg whites, 14 cup corn syrup, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 14 cups butter, room temperature, 34 cup shortening, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 10 chocolate sandwich cookies, crushed recommended: Oreo], title: Buttercream MousselineCookies and Cream, picturelink: null}, 30884: {instructions: Put the chicken in a 7 to 8quart heavy pot with the onion, garlic, and bay leaf. Pour in enough water to just cover the chicken and bring to a boil. Skim off any scum that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and gently simmer the chicken, covered, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, clean the leeks: Split them lengthwise to within 1 12 inch of the root end, leaving the root end intact. Submerge the leeks in a large bowl of water, let them soak to release any dirt or sand, for several minutes. Lift the leeks out of the water and discard the water.nAdd the leeks, potatoes, carrots, and parsnips to the chicken and continue to simmer, partially covered, until tender and the juices of the chicken run clear when a thigh is pierced with a skewer, about 25 minutes more.nTransfer chicken to a cutting board and let rest, loosely covered with foil, about 10 minutes.nCarve the chicken and arrange it on a large platter surrounded by the vegetables. Sprinkle the chicken with the coarse salt. Season the broth with salt and pepper and serve it on the side with the cornichons and cheese., ingredients: [1 4pound whole chicken, 1 large onion stuck with 1 whole clove, 1 head garlic, left unpeeled and halved horizontally, 1 bay leaf, 8 small leeks white and pale green parts only, root ends trimmed, 12 small 1 12 to 2inch waxystyle potatoes about 1 14 pound, halved, 12 small carrots about 1 14 pound, peeled, 8 small parsnips about 1 14 pound, peeled, Coarse sea salt, preferably Fleur de Sel, as needed, Cornichons or gherkins, as needed, Grated Gruyere, as needed], title: Poule au Pot, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 30885: {instructions: Wash the chicken and pat dry. Combine the seasonings and rub the chicken inside, outside and under the skin being careful not to break the skin. Place the chicken on a skewer and place on a rotisserie over a hickory wood fire. Turn on the motor and cook for 1 12 hours.nPlace all of the ingredients in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat and stir well to combine. Bring to a boil, stirring, and simmer for 25 to30 minutes until the chutney begins to thicken slightly and is syrupy. Remove the pan from the heat and let the chutney cool.nBlend tarragon, vinegar, oil, garlic, salt and pepper to make a marinade. Toss the vegetables with the marinade and allow to sit for 1 hour. Grill the portobellos for 10 minutes, and the other vegetables for 8 minutes, over medium heat, turning them once. Place the grilled vegetables on a tray. Place the roasted chicken over the vegetables and top with peach chutney., ingredients: [3 12 to 4 pound chicken, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, Pinch black pepper, 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 2 cups firm peaches, peeled, 12 cup sweet onion, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, peeled and minced, 12 cup red pepper, diced, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon rosemary, minced, 1 teaspoon curly parsley, minced, 12 teaspoon jalapeno, minced, 2 plum tomatoes, halved, 4 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 2 portobello mushrooms, stems removed, 2 ears corn, halved, 8 asparagus spears, trimmed, 1 red pepper, halved and seeded, 1 yellow pepper, halved and seeded, 14 teaspoon tarragon, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, extra virgin, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Whole Chicken with Peach Chutney Grilled Wild Mushroom and Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 30886: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 16cup 10inch Bundt pannLine a 16cup 10inch Bundt pan with plastic wrap, leaving about a 2inch overhang on all sides its okay if the plastic wrap doesnt go completely up the sides of the center column.nCombine the cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 3 minutes scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the cream and continue to beat, starting on medium speed and gradually increasing to medium high as the mixture thickens and finally forms stiff peaks, about 4 minutes.nEvenly spread about 1 12 cups of the whipped cream mixture on the bottom of the bundt pan. Top with 16 overlapping cookies to cover. Evenly spread about a third of the remaining cream mixture over the cookies and top with a layer of 16 overlapping cookies on the outer ring of the pan and then 6 halved cookies snap them in half with your hands on the inner ring of the pan to cover. Evenly spread out half of the remaining cream mixture and top with a layer of 16 slightly overlapping cookies on the outer ring and about 8 slightly overlapping cookies on the inner ring of the pan to cover. Finish with the remaining cream mixture and spread evenly, then loosely wrap the cake with the plastic wrap overhang. Refrigerate 12 hours and up to overnight.nPut the remaining cookies in a resealable plastic bag and crush them to crumbs with a rolling pin or the bottom of a measuring cup reserve.nWhen ready to serve, unwrap the plastic wrap and invert the bundt pan onto a serving platter remove the pan and carefully pull off the plastic wrap. Using your hands, press the gingersnap crumbs against the bottom of the cake about onethird of the way up the side. Drizzle the top with the caramel and chocolate sauces. Cut into slices with a serrated knife., ingredients: [6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 12 cups heavy cream, About 72 gingersnap cookies from two 1pound boxes, 3 tablespoons caramel sauce, slightly chilled, 3 tablespoons chocolate sauce, slightly chilled], title: Gingersnap Icebox Cake with Chocolate and Caramel Drizzle, picturelink: aqm4zwlNlSHgR1F4U9KJVBdBbQ2m5mC}, 30887: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cut tops of tomatoes and, using small paring knife, remove seeds. In small bowl, combine ricotta, chives, salt  pepper. Using small spoon, fill each tomato with ricotta mixture. Place stuffed tomatoes on baking sheet  bake for 8 minutes or until warmed through. Serve warm., ingredients: [24 large cherry tomatoes, 34 c whole milk ricotta cheese, 2 Tbs. fresh chives, finely chopped, 1 tsp salt, freshly ground black pepper], title: Ricotta and Chive Stuffed Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 30888: {instructions: Line a 9inch square baking pan with parchment paper and set aside. Place cereal in a large bowl. Combine honey, almond butter, coconut oil and cinnamon in a small saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Stir until mixture is combined and creamy. Remove from heat and pour over cereal. Stir until all of the cereal is coated thoroughly. Add walnuts and chia seeds. Press mixture firmly into the prepared pan. Refrigerate until cooled, at least 30 minutes, before cutting into squares., ingredients: [4 cups brown rice crisp cereal, 12 cup honey, 14 cup almond butter or any nut butter, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon chia seeds], title: BrainBoosting Rice Crispy Treats, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 30889: {instructions: Combine wine, oil, thyme, onion and garlic. Marinate steaks 30 minutes in baking dish. May refrigerate up to 1 day, bring to room temperature a 12 hour before cooking. Place steak in roasting pan, add onions and season to taste. Roast in a preheated 425 degree oven for 20 minutes. Reduce somewhat for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Remove steaks and onions from pan and tent with foil. Save pan and meat juices.nFor the Sauce Forestiere: In small skillet, cook bacon lardons on high until crisp and brown. Remove from pan. Drain all but 2 tablespoons fat. Use fat to cook mushrooms 3 to 5 minutes, stirring gently. Add to bacon. Meanwhile, bring wine, thyme and bay to boil and reduce to about 2 tablespoons.nSet roasting pan over mediumhigh burner. Pour in beef stock mix with cooking scraps. Bring to boil and simmer 3 minutes to begin to thicken. Stir in wine glaze, butter, bacon, mushrooms, salt and pepper. Heat and remove bay leaf and thyme sprigs. Slice filets on the bias, sauce and garnish with onions. Serve with Chateau Potatoes, Creamed Carrots and Minted Green Pea Timbales separate recipes., ingredients: [13 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon thyme, chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 filet mignon, 12 pearl onions, blanched, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 ounces sliced bacon lardons, 2 12 cups wild mushrooms, 12 cup red wine, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Tournedos of Beef Forestiere, picturelink: null}, 30890: {instructions: Cook pasta in salted water until al dente. Preheat broiler to high.nMeanwhile, heat a deep skillet over medium high heat with extravirgin olive oil. When oil ripples or smokes, crumble beef and brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Season the meat with chili powder, salt and pepper. When meat has browned, add onions, peppers and garlic. Cook vegetables until soft, 6 to 7 minutes. Add stock and scrape up pan drippings. Stir in crushed tomatoes, simmer sauce 10 minutes and fold in basil. Drain pasta and add to sauce. Toss to combine and transfer to a casserole dish. Cover with cheese and brown under broiler 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta or cavatappi hollow pasta spirals, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 palmfuls, Black pepper, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cubanelle pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup beef stock, 1 28ounce can fire roasted crushed tomatoes, Handful basil leaves, torn, 2 cups shredded smoked Cheddar or scamorza smoked aged mozzarella], title: ThreeAlarm Italian Style Chili Mac, picturelink: ki1sXgplDIMbhsjx9U.TPz8o36YTa}, 30891: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 6 tablespoons of the butter. Combine cookie crumbs and butter in a small bowl and mix until thoroughly moistened.nTransfer to an 8inch tart pan. Using the back of a cup or measuring cup, press mixture into the pan with a removable bottom until evenly covering the bottom and sides of the pan. Set in freezer until set, at least 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, place chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl and set aside. Place cream in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat.nRemove from heat and whisk in malted milk powder until smooth and pour over chocolate. Let sit until chocolate is starting to melt, about 1 minute. Gently stir until all chocolate is melted and smooth. Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, small piece by piece, until evenly incorporated.nTurn mixture into the prepared tart crust and spread until even. Cover loosely and refrigerate until filling is set, at least 1 12 hours., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chocolate wafer cookies crumbs recommended: Nabisco Famous Wafers, 11 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped, 23 cup heavy cream, 13 cup malted powder recommended: Carnation Malted Milk], title: Double Chocolate Malted Tart, picturelink: zneIfnWSQpEHvnIP6RSr28XzfyF5l96}, 30892: {instructions: Combine the yogurt, 2 tablespoons water, rice vinegar, olive oil, chives, parsley, garlic and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Cover and chill for 30 minutes before serving. The dressing will keep, refrigerated, for up to 3 days., ingredients: [34 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped fresh chives from a small bunch, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 small garlic clove, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Greek Yogurt Herb Dressing, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 30893: {instructions: Preheat the oven to its lowest setting. Using either the largest holes of a handgrater or the shredding blade of a food processor, grate the potatoes, onion, and carrot. Place the mixture in a sieve and press to remove as much liquid as possible.nCombine the potato mixture in a large bowl with the eggs, parsley, salt, and pepper. Using your hands or a wooden spoon mix well. Stir in 12 of the bread crumbs, then add the remainder slowly, stopping when the mixture is just thick enough to hold its shape, but not so loose that it dribbles off a spoon.nPour oil to a depth of 14inch into a large, heavy skillet and heat over medium heat until a tiny drop of the batter sizzles upon contact. Using a 13cup metal measure as a scoop, ladle the batter into the hot oil in the skillet, pressing each mound of batter into a small flat pancake: do not crowd the skillet. Fry the pancakes until nicely browned on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nTransfer the pancakes to a platter and keep warm in the oven while you fry the remaining pancakes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes about 2 pounds total, peeled, 1 small onion, peeled, 1 large carrot, peeled, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs], title: Pauls Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 30894: {instructions: Whisk the zest and juice of 1 orange, the juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 chopped chipotle in adobo sauce plus 1 tablespoon of the sauce, 2 minced garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon allspice and 1 tablespoon dark rum optional. Season 2 turkey legs with salt rub with the marinade, then refrigerate at least 2 hours. Preheat a grill to mediumhigh on one side and place a drip pan under the cooler side. Place the turkey, skinside up, on the cooler side of the grill cover and grill until the meat is cooked halfway, 50 minutes. Turn and cook until the thigh reaches 170, 50 more minutes, moving the meat to direct heat during the last 10 minutes to brown the skin. Let rest for 10 minutes before carving.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Yucatan Turkey Legs, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 30895: {instructions: Chutney:nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPork Roast:nIn a small bowl, stir together herbs de Provence, onion powder, light brown sugar, olive oil, lemon juice and garlic. Place the pork roast in a shallow roasting pan or baking dish. Season with salt and pepper and then rub with the herb mixture.nPlace roast in oven and reduce heat to 350 degrees F. Roast for 30 minutes per pound, or until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Roast will continue to cook up to 170 degrees F out of the oven. Remove from oven, cover with foil and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nChutney:nIn a medium bowl, combine all chutney ingredients and stir thoroughly. Cover and set aside until ready to serve.nServe chutney over pork roast., ingredients: [2 tablespoons herbs de Provence, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 2 12 pounds pork loin roast, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce can whole cranberry sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon herbs de Provence], title: Herbed Pork Roast and Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 30896: {instructions: Pour all ingredients into icefilled mixing glass. Shake, strain into chilled martini glass, garnish with lime peel., ingredients: [2 ounces Cuervo 1800 Anejo, 2 ounces fresh squeezed lime juice, 1 34 ounces Grand Marnier], title: The Sauve Margarita, picturelink: null}, 30897: {instructions: Cream together the butter and the sugar. Add flour gradually and stir well. Add vanilla, coconut, butter and lemon extract along with the crushed potato chips. Mix well. Fold in the pecans.nDrop onto ungreased cookie sheets and flatten with the palm of your hand. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and bake at 350 degrees F. for 8 to 10 minutes. Makes about 3 dozen cookies., ingredients: [2 sticks Salted Butter, 34cup Sugar, 112 cups Flour, 12 tsp Vanilla, 12 tsp Coconut extract, 12 tsp Butter extract, 12 tsp Lemon extract, 2 cups crushed potato chips, 1 cup chopped pecans, Powdered sugar], title: Couch Potato Cookies, picturelink: null}, 30898: {instructions: Form the Italian sausage in 4ounce patties a little bit wider than the buns you are using. Heat the oil in a castiron skillet over medium heat. In batches, cook each side of the patties until crisp and golden and no longer pink in the center, about 8 minutes a side.nLine the cooked sausage patties on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Place some Sweet Peppers on top, then a slice of cheese. Broil in the oven until the cheese is melty and golden brown. Place on the griddled buns and serve with red sauce.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the pepper strips with the oil, garlic and some salt and pepper, and place in a 9by14inch baking dish. Bake, stirring halfway through, until the peppers become lighter in color and soft, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds sweet or hot Italian bulk sausage, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Sweet Peppers, recipe follows, 8 slices wholemilk mozzarella, 8 bakery hamburger buns, buttered and griddled, Your favorite red sauce, for serving, 4 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Sausage and Pepper Burgers, picturelink: iOWeN8JAJciRlms8XqukHKc1gsKyM.}, 30899: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray set aside. In a mixer, cream butter and sugar together. Then add applesauce and vanilla and beat until well blended. Add egg and egg whites and blend into mixture. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. With mixer on low, add 13 of the flour mixture and then add half of the milk beat until combined. Add another 13 of the flour mixture, followed by the rest of the milk, and then the final 13 of the flour mixture. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue beating until just incorporated.nPour batter into prepared loaf pan and bake for 1 hour or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Allow to cool in pan for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup light butter, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup applesauce, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 2 egg whites, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 13 cup skim milk], title: Pound Cake, picturelink: null}}