{31200: {instructions: Scrub the mussels with a vegetable brush under running water discard any with broken shells or that remain opened when tapped. In a large pot over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter in the olive oil. Add the garlic, thyme, and lemon slices and cook until everything has softened, about 5 minutes.nAdd the mussels and stir to coat them with all the flavors. Add the wine, then the chicken broth cover the pot and steam for 10 to 12 minutes until the mussels open. Remove the mussels from the pot. Take the meat out of 10 of the mussels and put them back into the pot along with the remaining butter. Using an immersion blender, buzz the liquid until the sauce thickens and becomes creamy taste and adjust seasoning. Divide the remaining mussels among the serving bowls and spoon over the sauce.nServe with plenty of crusty French bread to dip in the sauce., ingredients: [4 pounds mussels, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 lemon, thinly sliced, 34 cup dry white wine, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Serving suggestion: crusty French bread], title: Creamy Garlicky Mussels, picturelink: null}, 31201: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 1ounce ice cream or cookie scoopnCookies: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Using an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugars together until fluffy. Beat in the egg and vanilla. With the machine running, gradually add the flour mixture until just blended. Stir in the chocolate chips. Using a 1ounce ice cream or cookie scoop, form 12 equalsized pieces of dough onto each baking sheet. With damp hands, form the dough into balls. Flatten the tops of the dough slightly and bake until the tops of the cookies begin to crack slightly, about 14 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nFilling: In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and vanilla together until fluffy. Gradually add the powdered sugar and mix until smooth. Color the frosting by mixing in the food coloring, 1 drop of at a time, until the desired color is reached. Add water, if needed, 12 teaspoon at a time, to make the consistency spreadable.nSpread the frosting on the flat side of half of the cookies and put the remaining cookies on top. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to allow the filling to stiffen slightly. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 packed cup light brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 heaped cup 6 ounces 60 percent cacao bittersweet chocolate chips recommended: Ghirardelli, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 12 cups powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Assorted food coloring, optional, Water, as needed], title: Chocolate Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 31202: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites, celery and bell pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are crisptender, about 4 minutes. Add the flour and Old Bay Seasoning and cook, stirring, until the flour is lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add the milk, 6 cups water and the rice. Bring to a rapid simmer, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Add the corn to the pot and cook 3 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and cook until they curl and turn opaque, about 3 more minutes. Season the chowder with salt and pepper and stir in the sherry. Ladle into bowls and top with the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced white and green parts separated, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, 2 cups reducedfat 2 percent milk, 12 cup longgrain white rice, 1 14 cups corn kernels from 2 ears corn, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon dry sherry optional], title: Low Country Shrimp Chowder, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 31203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, or wok, add oil over high heat. Add in garlic and ginger, cook for 10 to 15 seconds. Add sirloin and saute, stirring frequently until just cooked through, approximately 1 minute. Stir in carrots, celery, red bell peppers and red onions sauteing briefly, 1 minute. Add in sake to deglaze, then add in soy, hoisin and cornstarch slurry. Continue to stir on high heat for about 30 seconds. Stir in bean sprouts and sesame oil to combine and remove from heat.nSteam or heat rolls in a warm 250 degree F oven, tightly wrapped in foil for 8 minutes.nTake rolls, 2 at a time, and leaving them attached, gently split open and fill with approximately 34 cup of stirfry mixture. Garnish with green onions and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 pound top sirloin, slightly frozen, then cut into 14inch slices, cut against the grain, 2 carrots, peeled and cut on the bias into 14inch pieces, approximately 1 cup, 3 celery stalks, cut on the bias into 14inch pieces, approximately 1 cup, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inch strips, approximately 1 cup, 1 red onion, cut into 14inch pieces, approximately 1 cup, 14 cup sake, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, Cornstarch slurry mix 12 teaspoon cornstarch with 12 teaspoon water, 1 cup bean sprouts, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 package Hawaiian sweet dinner rolls 12 to 16 rolls, 12 bunch green onions, julienned for garnish], title: StirFry in a Bun, picturelink: PrW4XQuWy7MsH5MpranQBm7q7OaPLO}, 31204: {instructions: Make the sauce: Soak the dried porcini in 3 cups hot water, 30 minutes. Drain, reserving 2 cups of the soaking liquid. Roughly chop the porcini.nHeat 1 tablespoon each butter and olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the button and shiitake mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until slightly browned on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring, until soft, 2 to 3 more minutes transfer to a bowl. Repeat with another 1 tablespoon each butter and olive oil and the remaining button and shiitake mushrooms. Transfer to the bowl and add 12 teaspoon salt.nReduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon each butter and olive oil to the skillet. Add the onion and porcini and cook, stirring, until the onion is soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until darkened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the reserved 2 cups porcini liquid, the crushed tomatoes, button and shiitake mushrooms and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley season with salt.nPrepare the lasagna: Bring 7 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Meanwhile, bring 3 cups water to a boil in a separate large saucepan. Gradually whisk the polenta and 1 12 teaspoons salt into the bowl of hot water. Cover the bowl tightly with foil and set over the saucepan of boiling water. Reduce the heat so the water is simmering cook the polenta until the liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, uncover and vigorously whisk in the parmesan, eggs and nutmeg.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush a 3quart baking dish with olive oil. Spread onethird of the polenta in the dish and top with half of the mushroom sauce. Sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella. Repeat the layers polenta, sauce, mozzarella, then top with the remaining polenta. If the polenta gets too thick, whisk in a little hot water.nLoosely cover the dish with foil and bake until bubbly, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Turn on the broiler. Uncover the lasagna and top with the remaining 1 cup mozzarella broil until melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley. Let stand 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12ounce package dried porcini mushrooms, rinsed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound button mushrooms, trimmed and quartered, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps quartered, Kosher salt, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 15ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping, 2 12 cups instant polenta, Kosher salt, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese about 4 ounces, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Extravirgin olive oil, for the baking dish, 3 cups grated partskim mozzarella cheese], title: MushroomPolenta Lasagna, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 31205: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a shallow pan, melt butter slowly. Using your preferred cookie cutter, cut shapes from the white bread and brown in the butter. Be sure to lightly brown both sides. Remove and place croutons on a cookie sheet. Once all shapes are done, place cookie sheet into oven and dry thoroughly, making sure that the croutons are no longer soft in the middle. Melt the chocolate in the microwave, according to package instructions, and dip shapes into the chocolate. Place them on a piece of waxed paper to dry., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 loaf thin white bread, 1 bag semi sweet chocolate chips], title: Maple Leaf Shape Chocolate Croutons, picturelink: null}, 31206: {instructions: In a large saute pan cook the garlic in the olive oil until golden brown. Do not burn. Add the clams to the hot oil. Be careful not to burn yourself. Add the wine, red pepper, fennel seed, lemon zest and juice.nRaise the heat to high and steam the clams for 6 to 8 minutes until all the clams are open. Arrange the clams in 6 bowls using a slotted spoon. Add the tomatoes and parsley to the boiling broth and cook for 1 minute. Ladle the broth over the clams and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons garlic chopped, 3 pounds clams Manila, cockles, or littlenecks, 12 white wine, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, or more to taste, 3 teaspoons ground fennel seeds, 3 teaspoons lemon zest, finely chopped, yellow only, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 cups tomatoes, cored, seeded, chopped into small pieces, 14 cup parsley, chopped], title: Manila Clams, picturelink: null}, 31207: {instructions: Make the pesto: place the toasted pine nuts in a bowl or mortar and crush with a wooden spoon or pestle to make a chunky paste. Add in the garlic and a pinch of salt and combine. Mix in the basil and Parmesan. Stir in the olive oil and season with pepper.nPut a pizza stone onto the floor of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the dough onto a floured surface and knead and stretch the dough to about an 8inch diameter. Dust a wooden pizza paddle with cornmeal and carefully transfer the dough. Spread the pesto over the dough, leaving 1inch around the edge to form a crust. Top with the onion and tomato slices and season with salt and pepper. Scatter the olives all over the pizza and top with the fresh mozzarella. Slide the pizza onto the stone and bake until the cheese is melted and the crust is golden, about 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 7 ounces prepared pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, Cornmeal, for dusting, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 red ripe tomato, thinly sliced, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 4 slices fresh mozzarella], title: Rustic Pesto Pizza, picturelink: null}, 31208: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the quinoa: In a 2quart saucepan, bring the quinoa, chicken broth, salt and lemon zest to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat, cover the pot and simmer until the liquid has been absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow to rest for 10 minutes.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the grapeseed oil, agave, lime juice, vinegar, cumin, salt and pepper until smooth.nIn a serving bowl, combine the quinoa, hominy, black beans and cilantro. Add the dressing and toss until coated. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon into the lettuce leaves and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups quinoa, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest of 1 large lemon, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 3 tablespoons agave nectar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice from about 2 large limes, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Two 15ounce cans hominy, rinsed and drained, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated], title: Quinoa with Black Beans and Hominy, picturelink: Q0HU5XYLhbCYqlBseCgDTxvTNxGogW}, 31209: {instructions: Cook pasta to al dente, with a bite to it, then cold shock it to stop the cooking process by running it under cold water in colander. Drain the pasta very well.nIn the bottom of a large bowl, whisk together soy, peanut butter, vinegar, oil, sesame oil, and hot sauce. Add noodles and veggies and toss to combine the noodles and coat them evenly with sauce. Sprinkle scallions and sesame seeds throughout the salad and serve., ingredients: [12 pound spaghetti, 14 cup Tamari dark soy, eyeball it, 14 rounded cup smooth peanut butter, softened in microwave 15 seconds on high, 2 tablespoons cider or rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 cups shredded cabbage and carrot mix, available in produce department, 1 cup bean sprouts or pea shoots, any variety, available in produce department, 3 scallions, chopped on an angle, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Hot and Cold Sesame Noodles, picturelink: null}, 31210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the banana bread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9by5inch loaf pans with cooking spray.nWith an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the bananas and vanilla. Sift the flour together with the baking soda and salt. Add the flour and buttermilk to the banana mixture, working in stages, and beginning and ending with the flour. Fold in the pecans.nPour the batter into the prepared loaf pans and bake for 55 minutes. Cool slightly in the pan before turning the loaves out onto wire racks to cool completely.nFor the chocolate chip sauce: Add the chocolate chips to a heatproof bowl. Heat the heavy cream in a small saucepan until hot but not boiling. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and stir until chocolate is fully melted. Serve over slices of banana bread., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 4 ripe bananas, mashed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup buttermilk, well shaken, 1 cup chopped pecans, 8 ounces milk chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Ashleys Banana Bread with Chocolate Chip Sauce, picturelink: Xp5aYU5Bk6qUWRKF4rpcPcZsf3kJB2y}, 31211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix together strawberries and 12 cup of sugar. Set aside.nIn a food processor, blend together heavy cream, cream cheese and 1 tablespoon sugar until thick and creamy.nIn a baking dish, whisk together eggs, milk, cinnamon and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Place bread slices in pan and soak on each side until well coated and soaked through. In a large skillet or griddle over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Remove and drain the bread slices and cook until golden turning once, about 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, in a skillet over medium heat, add the pecans, brown sugar and 2 tablespoons butter. Stir until sugar has melted and pecans are coated and sticky. Serve French toast with dollop of cream, sticky pecans and strawberries., ingredients: [1 pound fresh strawberries, sliced, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 4 eggs, 14 cup milk, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 4 1 12inch thick slices stale brioche, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 14 cup brown sugar, Special equipment: food processor], title: French Toast with Caramelized Pecans, Strawberries and Cream, picturelink: blGJIt80m8oWZArHTmCmpeVujmoUaW}, 31212: {instructions: In a medium sized nonstick skillet over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon of butter. Saute vegetables. Add spices, Add already cooked bacon. In a small bowl, beat eggs together with milk. Pour over vegetablebacon mixture. Let cook undisturbed for 5 seconds. Next add cheese. Push egg mixture to the center of the pan. Tilt pan to allow the uncooked eggs to run the edge of pan. Flip omelet, and let cook for 2 minutes. Divide in half and serve immediately. Isaac likes to garnish his plate with fresh organic peaches. His secret ingredient is a drizzle of maple syrup which he says adds sweetness to the eggs.nIf you prefer a lowfat, lowcholesterol variety eliminate the egg yolks. Be sure to add herbs and seasonings to the egg whites to enhance flavor., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup chopped organic onion, red pepper, yellow pepper, green pepper, 13 cup sliced organic mushrooms, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon sweet basil, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 Chinese herb spice, 1 teaspoon curry, 12 teaspoon tarragon, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 13 cup freerange turkey bacon already diced, crisped, and dried, 4 organic eggs, 1 tablespoon 2 percent lowfat organic milk, 13 cubed supersharp cheddar cheese, Sliced organic peaches optional, for garnish, Organic maple syrup optional], title: Isaac Hayes Organic Vegetable Omelet, picturelink: null}, 31213: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nMix together the beef and chorizo, sprinkling with salt and pepper. Form 4 patties, each around 6 ounces.nBlend the jalapeno with the mayonnaise to make a jalapeno aioli. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.nMake a pico de gallo by combining the tomatoes, red onion, cilantro, lime juice, salt, pepper and cayenne to taste.nGrill the burgers until well done, around 5 minutes per side. Top each with a slice of pepper jack cheese. Grill the buns.nBuild the burgers by spreading a layer of jalapeno aioli on the bottom bun, followed by a slice of lettuce, the burger, some pico de gallo and finally the top bun with more aioli., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 6 ounces fresh chorizo, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 jalapeno, minced, 6 ounces mayonnaise, 8 ounces roma tomato, diced, 12 red onion, minced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, 2 limes, juiced, Cayenne pepper, 4 slices jalapeno jack cheese, 4 hamburger buns, 4 bib lettuce leaves], title: Baja Betty Burger, picturelink: VRmjXGolIFz5JQDDczmKNmPpEEjhM.}, 31214: {instructions: Heat up the olive oil in a large pot along with the garlic and chile. Add the totani and cook over medium heat about 1 minute, stirring continuously to avoid sticking. Add the wine, tomatoes and potatoes and let cook together another minute. Season with salt, lower the heat and cook, covered, 30 minutes. Finish with the parsley, stir will and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 chile pepper, 9 12 ounces250 g totani flying squid or other squid, cleaned and cut into strips, 2 cups white wine, 8 cherry tomatoes, 4 potatoes, peeled and chopped, Salt, to taste, Small bunch parsley, finely chopped], title: Totani e Patate, picturelink: null}, 31215: {instructions: For the marinade:nIn a small bowl, mix together the buttermilk, yogurt, mustard, hot sauce, tarragon, paprika, and salt. Put the chicken in a heavy resealable plastic bag or a baking pan large enough to hold the pieces in one layer and pour the buttermilk over it. Seal the bag or cover the pan with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for about 8 hours.nFor the breading:nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nGrease a baking pan large enough to hold the chicken pieces in 1 layer.nPlace the flour and oatmeal in a brown paper bag. One piece at a time, place the chicken in the bag and shake until coated. Place the pieces skin side down in the prepared baking dish. Continue until all the pieces are covered in the flour mixture. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, turning once, until the chicken is golden brown., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup unflavored yogurt, 2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Louisiana, 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon chopped, if fresh, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, One 2 12pound chicken, cut into serving pieces, or 4 to 6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Cooking spray, 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup plain oatmeal], title: OvenFried Chicken, picturelink: mkDVuxK6qS5EwdeVV26jKH.wdqaBo7m}, 31216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the duck fat to a large, straightsided pan over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt, to taste, and saute until the onions are soft, translucent and are very aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the potatoes and toss to coat with the duck fat and combine with the onions. Season with salt, to taste. Shake to spread the potatoes into an even layer and press down gently with a spatula to the bottom of the pan. Let the potatoes brown on the bottom, shaking frequently to prevent sticking. Toss the potatoes several more times, press them down again to allow for maximum browning. Don t worry if the potatoes lose their perfect square shape, that s how they roll. When the potatoes are cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes, taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed they will. Remove them from the pan to a serving bowl and sprinkle with chopped chives.nThat s a yummy potato, ingredients: [12 cup duck fat, 1 onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 12 bunch chopped chives], title: Hash Brown Potatoes, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 31217: {instructions: In a large soup pot over medium to high heat, melt 12 stick butter. Add turtle meat and brown. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cook for about 18 to 20 minutes or until liquid is almost dry. Add onions, celery, garlic, and peppers, constantly stirring. Add thyme, oregano, and bay leaves and saute for about 22 minutes. Add stock, bring to a boil, and simmer for 30 minutes. Skim any fat that comes to the top.nWhile stock is simmering, make the roux. In a small saucepan, melt remaining butter over medium heat. Slowly add flour, a little at a time, constantly stirring with a wooden spoon. Be careful not to burn. After all of the flour has been added, cook until roux smells nutty, is pale in color, and has a consistency of wet sand, about 3 minutes. Set aside to let cool until soup is ready roux should be cool when adding to hot soup.nUsing a whisk, stir the roux into the stock vigorously, adding a little at a time to prevent lumping. Simmer for about 25 minutes. Stir to prevent sticking on bottom. Add sherry and bring to a boil. Add hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer and skim any fat or foam that comes to top. Add lemon juice and tomatoes and return to a simmer. Add spinach and eggs, return to a simmer and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [1 12 sticks butter, 2 12 pounds turtle meat, cut into medium dice, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 2 medium onions, cut into medium dice, 6 stalks celery, cut into medium dice, 30 cloves garlic, minced, 3 bell peppers, cut into medium dice, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, ground, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, ground, 4 bay leaves, 2 quarts veal stock, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 26 ounces dry sherry 750ml bottle, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 large lemons, juiced, 3 cups peeled, chopped, and seeded tomatoes, 10 ounces fresh spinach, stems removed, washed 3 times, and roughly chopped, 6 medium hardboiled eggs, chopped into large pieces], title: Turtle Soup, picturelink: null}, 31218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9by13inch casserole dish.nFor the French toast: Lay the bread slices in one layer its OK if they overlap a little on a baking sheet. Bake the slices to dry them out a little for 6 minutes, then flip and bake for 6 minutes more. Set aside to cool.nWhisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, granulated sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl. Dunk each bread slice in the egg mixture to coat thoroughly and shingle the slices in the buttered casserole dish. Pour any remaining egg mixture over the bread. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight.nFor the coconutalmond crust: Put 12 cup of the coconut, 13 cup of the almonds, granulated sugar, flour and salt in a food processor and process until very fine. Add the butter, egg and egg yolk and process well to form a smooth paste.nTo assemble the casserole: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the coconutalmond mixture evenly over the soaked bread slices. Top with the remaining 14 cup sliced almonds and 3 tablespoons coconut and bake until puffed and lightly golden and the custard is set the center of the casserole will no longer jiggle when shaken, 45 to 50 minutes. Allow to cool for 1 hour before serving, or serve at room temperature.nServe with a sprinkling of powdered sugar and berries if using., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing dish, 9 slices Texas Toast or other thicksliced bread, 6 large eggs, 3 12 cups halfandhalf, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons sweetened coconut flakes, 13 cup plus 14 cup sliced almonds, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 large egg plus 1 large egg yolk, Confectioners sugar and berries, for garnish, optional], title: CoconutAlmond French Toast Casserole, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 31219: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGently cut pockets into chops by slicing horizontally in the side. On a plate, place salt and pepper. Dredge chops in seasoning. In a medium skillet over medium heat, saute the bacon, chopped onions, thyme, and sage until the bacon is almost crispy and the onions are beginning to caramelize around the edges, about 10 minutes. Pour mixture into a bowl. Add apples, butter, 2 tablespoons of pineappleorange juice and cinnamon. Season with salt and pepper. Stuff each chop with apple mixture and hold together with skewers. In same skillet over mediumhigh heat, add enough oil to coat the pan and sear both sides of the chops until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Add 1 cup pineappleorange juice and remaining onion wedges around the chops. Season with salt and pepper and bake until cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes, depending on the thickness of the chops, basting 2 to 3 times. Remove pork chops from pan and let rest 10 minutes. Add remaining pineappleorange juice and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan. Bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add lemon zest and parsley. Pour sauce over pork chops., ingredients: [4 1inch thick pork chops, 2 slices bacon, roughly chopped, 1 large sweet onion, 12 chopped and 12 in wedges, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and sliced thin, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons pineappleorange juice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for skillet, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Apple and OnionStuffed Pork Chops with OrangePineapple Gravy, picturelink: pUCcu9pPrAracEclnvYBHifjCTC96K}, 31220: {instructions: Preheat oven 425 for 20 minutes. Clean entire fish, leaving head and tail intact. Place about 1 pound of salt on an oven tray or a heatproof ceramic plate and place fish on top. Sprinkle fish with salt and place the thyme in the cavity. Cover the fish with the remaining salt. Bake for 15 minutes.nWith 2 spoons scrape salt from the fish. Fillet the fish, discarding the bones. Divide fish and place on 2 plates. Sprinkle with olive oil and serve with seasonal salad and vegetables., ingredients: [1 12 pound sea bass or red snapper, 3 to 5 pounds Sicilian course salt or edible rock salt, 1 sprig thyme, Salt to taste, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil], title: Il Branzino al Sale di Sofia, picturelink: null}, 31221: {instructions: Place a baking sheet upside down in the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Beat the eggs, parsley and lemon zest in a small bowl. Pour half of the egg mixture into a medium bowl and stir in the mozzarella. Reserve the remaining egg mixture for brushing on the crust.nTurn another baking sheet upside down line with parchment paper and brush with olive oil. Unroll the dough on the parchment paper and pat into a 9by12inch rectangle. Spread the mozzarella mixture over one half of the dough, leaving a 1inch border along the edge. Top with the salami, followed by the pickled vegetables and provolone. Fold the other half of the dough over to cover the filling. Crimp and roll the edges to seal, then pierce the top of the dough in a few places with a knife.nSlide the calzone with the parchment paper onto the hot baking sheet bake 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush with the remaining egg mixture, then continue to bake until the crust is golden, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let rest 5 minutes, then cut into wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 pound shredded reducedfat mozzarella cheese, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 13.8ounce tube refrigerated pizza dough, 14 pound delisliced salami, cut into thin strips, 1 12 cups giardiniera pickled mixed vegetables, drained, 14 pound sliced provolone cheese], title: SalamiMozzarella Calzone, picturelink: JkieYku6fUensE9iKJ8ClQsMCQX2f2G}, 31222: {instructions: Make the fries: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the potatoes into thin wedges toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 12 teaspoon chili powder on a baking sheet. Spread in a single layer and roast until golden, turning halfway through, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and the remaining 12 teaspoon chili powder and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the scallion whites and garlic and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the ketchup, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce and 1 12 cups water reduce the heat to medium and simmer until thickened slightly, about 8 minutes.nDivide the fries among plates. Top with the beef mixture, cheddar, mozzarella, scallion greens, tomatoes and pickled jalapenos.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [3 large russet potatoes about 2 pounds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 pound ground beef, 1 bunch scallions, sliced white and green parts separated, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 34 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 1 cup cubed mozzarella about 4 ounces, Chopped cherry tomatoes and pickled jalapenos, for topping optional], title: Sloppy Joe Fries, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 31223: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the smoked paprika and 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil. Set aside.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper on both sides and drizzle with olive oil. Put the steaks on hot grill and sear on each side until desired doneness, about 4 minutes. Top with the peppers and provolone and cook until the cheese is melted. Brush the steak rolls with the smoked paprika oil and grill until slightly charred. Cut the steaks in half, lengthwise and put them on top of each other on the bottom half of the roll. Top with the herb salad and cover with the top half of the roll. Serve.nAdd all the ingredients to a small bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 6 6ounce ribeye steaks, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 14 cup hot banana peppers, 6 slices provolone cheese, 6 steak rolls, split in 12, Herb Salad, recipe follows, 14 cup roughly chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup torn basil leaves, 14 cup minced prosciutto, 3 shallots, sliced into thin rings, 12 cup sliced sundried tomatoes, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, or to taste, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, or to taste], title: Grilled RibEye Steak Sandwich, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 31224: {instructions: In a food processor blend the flour, the eggs, the oil, and 1 12 tablespoons water until the mixture just begins to form a ball, adding more water drop by drop if the dough is too dry. The dough should be firm and not sticky. Blend the dough for 15 seconds more to knead it. The dough may be prepared up to this point and kept covered and chilled for up to 4 hours. Let the dough stand, covered with an inverted bowl, at room temperature for 1 hour.nTo roll pasta dough: Set the smooth rollers of a pasta machine at the highest number. The rollers will be wide apart. Divide each pound of dough into 6 pieces, flatten 1 piece into a rough rectangle, and cover the remaining pieces with an inverted bowl. Dust the rectangle with flour and feed it through the rollers. Fold the rectangle in half and feed it through the rollers 8 or 9 more times, folding it in half each time and dusting it with flour if necessary to prevent it from sticking. Turn the dial down one notch and feed the dough through the rollers without folding. Continue to feed the dough through the rollers without folding, turning the dial one notch lower each time, until the lowest or secondlowest notch is reached. The pasta dough should be a smooth, long sheet about 4 or 5 inches wide and about 116inch thick. Roll the remaining pasta dough in the same manner., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Food Processor Pasta Dough, picturelink: null}, 31225: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil and saute the red onions with the apples until they are slightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add the red cabbage, season with salt and saute until the cabbage begins to wilt, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the cranberries, sugar and vinegar and cook until the juices reduce and the cabbage looks glossy, about 15 minutes. Chill the cabbage and cranberry mixture overnight. It can be served both warm or cool, according to ones taste., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 medium apple, sliced I like to use a Pink Lady or Fuji, 1 small red cabbage, sliced, Salt, 2 cups fresh cranberries, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar], title: Pickled Red Cabbage with Cranberries and Apple, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 31226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add butter and melt. Add onions and apples, reduce heat to low, and let simmer for approximately 5 minutes or until onions and apples are tender. Add vinegar and cassis, and season with salt, pepper, and a dash of sugar. Simmer for 5 minutes and set aside.nHeat a medium or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season foie gras with salt and pepper, and then sear on both sides until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Remove foie gras to a towel to absorb excess fat. Add port to skillet and deglaze, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the chopped black truffles and veal stock. Cook until reduced slightly and then adjust seasoning.nTo plate, divide apple compote among 4 plates and then top with foie gras. Garnish with fried Italian parsley. Season with fleur de Sel and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 Granny Smith apple, sliced, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 2 ounces cassis, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Dash sugar, 4 3ounce slices foie gras, 1 tablespoon port wine, 2 tablespoons black truffles, chopped, 4 tablespoons veal stock, 1 small bunch Italian parsley, fried, Fleur de Sel], title: Roasted Foie Gras with Apple Onion Compote, picturelink: X4NehaGOPresjaJ6QKISp3EUaDnfe}, 31227: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the ricotta, lemon zest, thyme, rosemary, 14 teaspoon kosher salt and the red pepper flakes in a medium bowl until smooth and creamy.nTransfer to a 2cup ramekin and sprinkle with the parmesan. Bake until golden and bubbling, about 15 minutes. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with sea salt. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 pound fresh ricotta cheese, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt, Grilled or toasted crusty bread, for serving], title: Baked Ricotta with Lemon and Herbs, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 31228: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onions, garlic and salt and cook until translucent. Add the mustard powder, cayenne and hot sauce and mix well.nReduce the heat to medium and add the cream cheese. Cook, mixing occasionally, until melted.nAdd the sour cream, Pimento Cheese Spread and red wine vinegar and mix until everything is heated through.nTransfer to a warmer for serving.nArrange the toppings in small bowls so you can top you dip as you like.nPlace the drained pimientos in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Using an electric mixer, combine the pimentos and cheese, beating until smooth. Beat in the mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 large red onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon Louisiana hot sauce, 8 ounces cream cheese, scubed, 1 cup sour cream, 3 cups Pimento Cheese Spread, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 jar roasted bell peppers, red and yellow, 1 jar brined cherry peppers or Sweety Pepps, 1 can sliced green olives, 5 green onions, chopped, 1 cup roasted, salted pumpkin seeds, Two 7ounce jars sliced pimentos, drained, Three 10ounce bricks sharp Cheddar, finely grated, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Pimento Cheese Queso with Toppings Bar, picturelink: XmlRlIYF4462NH7ifOn4KY7vU1AlifG}, 31229: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange the side of salmon on an oven proof baking sheet, skin side down. Mix the lemon juice and mustard together in a small bowl and spread sparingly over the top of the salmon.nCoarsely grind the pistachios in a food processer. Add the panko bread crumbs, the oil and salt and pepper, to taste. The bread crumbs should be slightly wet, as it helps the stick to the salmon.nSprinkle the pistachio mixture over the mustard to cover the salmon evenly.nPut in the preheated oven and bake until the salmon reaches the correct doneness, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving platter.nRemember the fish needs to rest outside of the oven for at least 5 minutes. It will continue to cook, so remove the salmon from the oven with this in mind. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound side salmon, skin on, 2 lemons, juiced, 4 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 1 cup shelled pistachio nuts, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pistachio Crusted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 31230: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a large bowl, toss the potatoes with the oil and 12 teaspoon salt. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray and spread the potatoes in a single layer. Bake until golden and crisp, about 35 minutes. Remove the fries with a spatula and season with salt., ingredients: [3 large baking potatoes, cut into 14inchthick matchsticks, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt, Cooking spray], title: Oven Fries, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 31231: {instructions: Special equipment: 4cup tartlet pan mandoline slicernFor the pear filling: Heat the butter in a pan over mediumhigh heat. Lay the pears around the pan and sprinkle the sugar and cinnamon on top. Move the pears in the sweet butter sauce and cook until caramelized, tossing them around once halfway through, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the pear liqueur and torch with a lighter, or if using a gas stove, slightly dip the pan away from you towards the flame and flambe the pears, shaking the flame around. Set aside to cool slightly.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly flour a clean workspace. Combine the almond meal, flour, butter and sugar in a food processor and pulse until the butter is well incorporated. Add the egg and pulse until the dough forms into a ball. Transfer the dough to the floured work surface and knead, and then wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nCut the dough into 4 equal parts. Roll out each piece on a floured surface to a circle, about 9inch wide, 18inch thick. Set aside and do the same for the almond paste. Place each almond paste circles on top of a dough circle. Cut 4 circles, using the tarlet pan, that are slightly larger than the pan.nFor assembly: Mold the doughpaste circles into the tartlet pans, pinching the sides into the ridges. Layer the pears into the pans in a circular motion. Drizzle the sauce on top and bake for 30 minutes.nCool in the tartlet pans for about 5 minutes, and then push the tartlets out of the pan and cool on a cooling rack for up to 1 hour., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 Bosch pears, peeled, cored and sliced 14inch thick on a mandoline slicer, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons poire williams pear liqueur, 1 cup almond meal finely ground almonds, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup cold unsalted butter, diced, 14 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 7 ounces almond paste], title: Pear and Almond Tartlet Tartin, picturelink: null}, 31232: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch nonstick springform pan with nonstick cooking spray.nIn an electric mixer on high speed, beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add the sugar slowly, then the vanilla, baking powder, and salt while beating, about 2 more minutes. Turn the power off and fold in the walnuts and Maria crackers. Transfer to the prepared pan. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the frosting: In an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, sour cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla extract until soft peaks form and the mixture is smooth.nTo assemble: Remove the cake from the oven. Let cool for 15 minutes. Remove the springform. Using an offset spatula, spread the frosting all over the cake. Garnish with the strawberries and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 egg whites, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 1 cup chopped walnuts, One 15.8ounce pack Maria crackers, chopped, 8 ounces 1 cup cream cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 pounds sliced fresh strawberries, for garnishing], title: Strawberry Meringue Cake Mostachon, picturelink: JED3PuVMfbtDxrPoyJ9K8.SYuCxGvnG}, 31233: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 9inch pie plates set aside.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until incorporated. Beat in the vanilla. Add flour mixture, a little at a time, and mix until fully combined. Fold in the 3 cups chocolate chips and, if desired, the walnuts. Divide the dough between the prepared pie plates and smooth the tops with a spatula.nBake about 30 minutes or until pies are golden and slightly firm to the touch but still soft. If the pies begin to darken too much before they are baked through, cover with foil and continue baking. Let pies cool completely on a wire rack.nWhile the pies cool, whip the cream and confectioners sugar until soft peaks form tips curl. Fold in the chocolate chips. Refrigerate whipped cream until ready to use. Spread the whipped cream over the pies and serve., ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup 2sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 2 cups chopped walnuts, optional, 2 pints 4cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Pie, picturelink: lL4CewUHDcDfRi67kw3zMX7Lq225OMW}, 31234: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all of the chiles and the cumin into a medium nonstick saute pan or cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook, moving the pan around constantly, until you begin to smell the cumin toasting, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside and cool completely.nOnce cool, place the chiles and cumin into the carafe of a blender along with the garlic powder, oregano, and paprika. Process until a fine powder is formed. Allow the powder to settle for at least a minute before removing the lid of the carafe. Store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [3 ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced, 3 cascabel chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced, 3 dried arbol chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced, 2 tablespoons whole cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika], title: ABs Chili Powder, picturelink: Nims2huUk.q4iMXx7JHpwIh8Evur15i}, 31235: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and potatoes and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots and mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender and have released their moisture, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the warmed chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until thick and bubbly, about 7 minutes. Add the chicken meat and tarragon taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Transfer the chicken mixture to a large casserole dish set aside to cool slightly.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the pie crust dough from the refrigerator. Dust a clean surface lightly with flour and roll the dough out to form a 12 by 8inch rectangle, about 18inch thick. Transfer the dough to the top of the casserole dish. Press the dough onto the sides of the dish to seal the edges. Using a paring knife, cut several slits in the top of the crust to allow steam to escape while baking. Bake until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.nCombine the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Add the butter and vegetable shortening and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds. Add enough of the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing between additions, until the dough holds together without being sticky or crumbly. Remove the dough from the processor and shape it into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap. Chill until firm and the moisture has distributed evenly, about 30 minutes.nDust a clean work surface and a rolling pin with flour. Place the disk of dough in the center of the floured surface. Starting in the center of the dough, roll to, but not over, the upper edge of the dough. Return to the center, and roll down to, but not over, the lower edge. Lift the dough, give it a quarter turn and lay it on the work surface. Continue rolling, repeating the quarter turns, until you have a disk about 18 inch thick. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate until ready for use., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 3 carrots, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups homemade chicken stock or reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth, warmed, 2 cups diced cooked chicken meat, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 disk Beginners Pie Crust, recipe follows, or 1 sheet storebought pie crust, refrigerated, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces, 14 cup solid vegetable shortening, chilled and cut into pieces, 3 to 8 tablespoons ice water], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: v0S6ygLagEB4tPGJiNN.qtoxNamht6e}, 31236: {instructions: Make the sauce: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Stir again just before using.nPrepare the cups: Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the chicken and stirfry until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add the carrot, celery, bell pepper, peas and red onion and stirfry about 3 minutes. Add the ginger, garlic, sprouts and shiitakes. Add 14 cup of the prepared sauce and cook until thickened, about 30 seconds, scraping up any browned bits. Transfer the stirfry to a bowl top with the scallions and peanuts.nWipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining 4 tablespoons canola oil over high heat. Fry the wontons until golden and crisp, about 15 seconds per side. Transfer to paper towels and season with salt.nFill the lettuce leaves with the stirfry. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds. Crumble the wontons on top or serve alongside. Serve with the remaining sauce.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek Asian chili sauce, 1 tablespoon plum sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin sweet rice wine, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 6 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, diced, 13 cup diced carrot, 13 cup diced celery, 13 cup diced red bell pepper, 13 cup diced sugar snap peas, 13 cup diced red onion, 1 teaspoon minced peeled ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 13 cup mung bean sprouts, halved, 12 cup sliced shiitake mushroom caps, 2 tablespoons diced scallions, 1 tablespoon crushed peanuts, 6 wonton wrappers, Kosher salt, Iceberg lettuce leaves, for serving, 12 teaspoon black sesame seeds], title: Asian Chicken Lettuce Cups, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 31237: {instructions: Place the mushrooms in a medium glass bowl. Add the vinaigrette and toss gently. Allow to sit at least 10 minutes, until the mushrooms are wilted and impregnated with sauce. Check for seasoning and add additional salt and pepper, if necessary.nPlace shallot, garlic, parsley, mustard, vinegar, salt and pepper in the bottom of a small mixing bowl. Stir to combine, then whisk in olive oil in a slow, steady stream. Alternately, place all ingredients in a clean 8ounce jar. Cover and shake vigorously., ingredients: [1 pound white button mushrooms, thinly sliced, Garlic and Parsley Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot about 1 small, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 tablespoons country Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 5 tablespoons olive oil], title: Mushroom Salad in Garlic and Parsley Vinaigrette, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 31238: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the mushrooms in a baking dish or pie plate. Whisk together the vinegar, oil, salt and pepper until blended. Brush the mushrooms with the vinegar mixture let stand for up to 15 minutes.nPlace the mushrooms on the grill rack and grill until tender, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nMeanwhile, combine the yogurt, rosemary and zest and juice of the lime in a small bowl until blended. Brush the bread slices with the yogurt mixture. Layer half the slices with the mushrooms, arugula, tomatoes, onions and red pepper strips. Top with the remaining bread slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large portobello mushrooms caps, wiped cleaned, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup plain nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 4 large slices wholegrain peasant bread, each cut in half, 1 cup baby arugula, 1 large tomato, cut into 8 slices, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup roasted red pepper strips, drained], title: Monster Mushroom Burger, picturelink: null}, 31239: {instructions: Make the chimichurri: In a food processor, pulse the onion until finely chopped but not pureed. Transfer the onion to a bowl. Add the olive oil, lime juice, parsley, cilantro, oregano leaves, garlic, and jalapeno and pulse until finely chopped. Transfer the herb mixture to the bowl with the onion and stir to combine. Season the chimichurri with salt and pepper.nMake the arepitas: In a large bowl, whisk together the harina pan, Parmesan, and salt. In another large bowl, whisk together the water, milk, and 3 tablespoons oil. Stir the milk mixture into the flour mixture. Using your hand, knead the mixture until a firm but malleable dough is formed. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and let the dough rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour the oil for frying into a large pot to a depth of 2 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 365 degrees F.nForm the dough into 1 to 1 12inch round balls. Using the palms of your hands, form the dough balls into rounded UFO shapes.nWorking in batches, add the dough balls to the oil and fry, turning occasionally, until puffed and golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the arepitas to paper towellined plate and season with salt.nServe the arepas in a bowl with the chimichurri and queso fresco in separate bowls on the side., ingredients: [1 Spanish onion, 13 cup olive oil, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves picked, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups harina pan precooked white corn flour, or cornmeal, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups lukewarm water, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 12 pound queso fresco, crumbled], title: Corn Fritters with Herb Salsa and Fresh Cheese: Arepitas with Chimichurri and Queso Fresco, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 31240: {instructions: For the crust: Blend the flour and salt in a large bowl. Grate in half of the butter using a cheese grater, and then toss together with 2 forks so the butter coats the flour. Repeat with the remaining butter. Sprinkle half of the ice water over and stir with a fork. Press the dough together using your hands and set to the side any parts that form a ball. Repeat, adding the remaining water to the dry sections of the butter and flour mixture. Add just enough water so that the dough comes together when pressed firmly.nForm the dough into a ball. Flatten into a disk and wrap with plastic wrap. Chill in the fridge for 30 minutes.nDust a work surface, the dough and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Begin rolling and take care to release the dough from the surface a few times by picking it up and turning it over, applying a light dust of flour each time. Roll the dough to 18inch thick. Place into a pie dish and fold the edges under to create the edge of the crust.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling: Combine the sugar, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and salt. Toss in the apples to coat.nMelt the butter with the ginger juice and 2 tablespoons water in a pot. Add the coated apples and simmer until the apples soften, taking care not to let the sugars burn, 5 minutes.nFill the pie shell with the apples. Bake for 40 minutes.nFor the crumble: While the pie is baking, combine the sugar, flour, 14 cup of the oats, the cardamom, cinnamon and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture is crumbly and not dry. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the remaining oats.nRemove the pie from the oven. Turn the temperature down to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the topping over the pie, and then continue baking until the crumble browns and crisps, about 10 minutes.nThe longer the pie cools, the easier it will be to slice., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, very cold, 14 cup ice water, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 14 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced about 5 apples, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger juice or 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 cup brown sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup oats, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 4 ounces cold butter, cut into 5 pieces], title: Pietisserie Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 31241: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk egg whites and salt, slowly adding 14 cup of granulated sugar. Whisk until stiff. Fold in remaining granulated sugar and confectioners sugar.nTransfer meringue to a large pastry bag fitted with a 34inch round tip. On a parchmentlined baking sheet, pipe a 3inch mound of meringue to form a snowmans body. Pipe meringue into a cshape on top of body, forming arms. Pipe a 1 12inch mound in center of arms to form a head. Repeat to form 7 more snowmen. Sprinkle snowmen with pearl sugar.nIn a small bowl, combine remaining meringue and a few drops of red food coloring. Transfer to a small parchment cone or a small pastry bag fitted with a 2 tip. Pipe a red nose onto each snowman.nBake snowmen until the outside is set yet the inside is still soft, about 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. When cool, remove the inside of each snowman with a spoon and discard. Return to oven and bake until firm, 1 to 1 12 hours. Make sure the snowmen remain white and do not begin to color. Once firm, remove from oven and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, roll 7 ounces almond paste to a thickness of 12inch. Using a 34inch cutter, cut out 8 circles. Using a toothpick, dip each almond paste circle into melted chocolate. Transfer circles to a parchmentlined baking sheet. Swirl to form the border of hat. Repeat with remaining circles and let cool completely. Reserve 14 cup chocolate for decorating.nIn a large bowl, combine remaining chocolate and heavy cream. Transfer chocolate mousse to a large pastry bag fitted with a 34inch round tip. Pipe mousse into cooled snowmen.nAdd a few drops of red food coloring to remaining 4 ounces almond paste. Knead until completely combined. Roll to 18inch thick. Cut into 8 8 by 12inch strips to form scarves.nPlace scarves around snowmen and top with cooled hats. Transfer reserved chocolate to a small parchment cone or pastry bag fitted with a 1 tip. Pipe eyes, mouths, and buttons on each snowman. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 large egg whites, Pinch coarse salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar, plus more for decorating, Pearl sugar, for sprinkling see sources, Red food coloring, 11 ounces almond paste, 13 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate, melted, 2 cups heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks], title: Meringue Snowman, picturelink: null}, 31242: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nPlace the popcorn and pecans in a large mixing bowl. Combine the sugar, butter, corn syrup and salt in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and continue to boil for 4 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and stir in the bourbon and baking soda. Pour over the popcorn and stir well to coat completely. Divide the popcorn in an even layer between the 2 baking sheets.nBake, gently stirring and rotating the pans about halfway through after 8 to 10 minutes, until the popcorn is mostly dry and the caramel coating is crisp, 15 to 20 minutes total. Cool completely on the baking sheets before breaking up and serving., ingredients: [10 cups popcorn, 12 cup toasted pecans, coarsely chopped, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons bourbon, 14 teaspoon baking soda], title: Tipsy Bourbon Caramel Corn, picturelink: null}, 31243: {instructions: Place steaks in a large baking dish and pour 12 of the chimichurri marinade over the steaks. Turn to coat the steaks. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nPreheat grill to high. Remove steaks from the refrigerator 20 minutes before grilling. Remove steak from marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on one side until golden brown, turn over and continue grilling for 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare doneness.nRemove from grill, let rest 10 minutes and serve with remaining chimichurri on the side.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Divide the chimichurri between 2 bowls. Use on 12 as a marinade and 12 as the finishing sauce., ingredients: [4 New York strip steaks, about 12 ounces each, Chimichurri, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 1 cup Spanish olive oil, 2 limes, juiced, 4 cloves garlic, 2 minced shallots, 1 tablespoon each minced basil, thyme and oregano leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Aged Shell Steaks with Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 31244: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the ginger, 12 ounce sweet vermouth and ice to a cocktail shaker and muddle. Addnmore ice, more sweet vermouth, gin and the Campari. Shake to combine. Pour over an icenfilled rocks glass. Top off with water and garnish with orange slices., ingredients: [12 inch piece ginger, minced, 1 12 ounces sweet vermouth, Ice, 1 12 ounces gin, 1 12 ounces Campari, Orange slices], title: Ginger Negroni, picturelink: Z1nZVEe0M.G7azFA6G9bl9hpCyaD06O}, 31245: {instructions: Prepare rice to package directions. For spicy rice, toast coriander, cumin and mustard seeds in the bottom of a medium saucepan in 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil. When seeds pop and you can smell seasonings, add water and prepare rice as directed.nHeat 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil in a large, deep nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add chicken and lightly brown. Remove chicken. To same pan, add garlic, ginger and onions and saute together for 3 to 5 minutes. Add flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add chicken broth to the pan and bring to a bubble. Add curry paste and mincemeat and reduce heat to medium low. Add chicken pieces back to the pan. Taste and add a little salt, if you feel it necessary. Simmer curry 5 to 10 minutes.nAssemble your toppings in small dishes. Serve curry in shallow bowls with scoops of rice or spiced Basmati. Garnish with any or all of your toppings., ingredients: [1 teaspoon each coriander seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, 2 cups basmati rice, prepared according to package directions, 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 3 turns of the pan, 1 13 to 1 12 pounds chicken breast tenders, diced, 2 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, mild to extra spicy, 1 to 2 inches fresh ginger root, minced or grated, mild to extra spicy, 1 large yellow skinned onion, peeled and chopped, 1 can chicken broth, about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons curry paste, mild or hot, 13 to 12 cup mincemeat, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 cup toasted coconut, 12 cup sliced almonds or Spanish peanuts, 1 cup prepared mango chutney, 1 4 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves], title: Chicken Curry in a Hurry, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 31246: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together mango, red onion, bell pepper, lime juice, sugar, salt, and pepper using a wooden spoon. Set aside until ready for use.nIn a small bowl using a rubber spatula, mix the butter and curry together. Spread 2 tablespoons of the butter mixture on 1 side of each slice of bread. Place 4 slices of bread on your work surface, buttered side down. Spread the honey mustard on the other side of the bread. Place about 2 tablespoons of the mango salsa on the bread followed by the Swiss cheese. You may need to fold the cheese slices to fit the bread. Place the remaining 4 bread slices on top, buttered side up.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon of curry butter to a nonstick skillet on medium heat for 2 minutes. Put the sandwiches in the skillet in batches if necessary and cover with lid and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the underside is golden brown and the cheese has started to melt. Flip the sandwiches with a spatula and press very firmly, cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the cheese has melted. Turn once more, press with a spatula, and cook for 30 seconds. Remove from pan and let cool for 3 to 5 minutes. Cut diagonally and serve with extra salsa on the side., ingredients: [12 mango, 14inch diced, 14 red onion, 14inch diced, 14 red bell pepper, 14inch diced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Pinch sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 8 slices fresh Italian bread, 14 cup honey mustard, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 8 ounces], title: Caribbean Grill, picturelink: m1LWZlxfqXAN7Jn.i7qYa2K0QkAoSq}, 31247: {instructions: Heat wok over mediumhigh heat, add 2 ounces of oil and stirfry meat until brown, mashing with a fork to break into small pieces. Drain off fat and set meat aside. Wash pan and dry thoroughly.nHeat 1 ounce of oil over high heat for 1 minute. Add onions and saute for 2 to 3 minutes or until limp.nAdd cabbage and continue to cook, stirring frequently, for another 2 to 3 minutes or until cabbage is crisptender.nAdd bean sprouts, scallions, and tofu, mix well and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more.nRemove pan from heat and pour cooked mixture into a colander to drain excess liquid.nIn a large bowl, combine meat, vegetables, hoisin, salt, and pepper and mix well.nPlace 1 wonton skin on a flat surface. Cover remaining skins with a slightly damp kitchen towel not terry cloth so they wont dry out. Brush the edges of skin with a beaten egg. Place about 1 teaspoon of filling mixture just above the center of skin. Fold skin in half over filling to form a triangle and press edges together to seal. Repeat with remaining skins.nFill and preheat fryer to 375 degrees F. and deepfry dumplings until golden brown. Serve immediately with vinegarsoy dipping sauce.nFor vinegarsoy sauce: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Stir to dissolve sugar., ingredients: [14 pound ground beef, 3 ounces vegetable oil, 3 ounces minced Spanish onion, 3 ounces shredded cabbage, 2 ounces roughly chopped bean sprouts, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 4 ounces firm tofu, mashed to a fine consistency, 1 12 tablespoons hoisin, 1 12 tablespoons salt, Dash pepper, 24 wonton skins, 1 egg beaten, Oil, for frying, 8 tablespoons soy sauce, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons green onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted], title: Korean Dumplings: Mandu, picturelink: null}, 31248: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut the core out of the cabbage and insert a long fork into the hole. Lower the cabbage into the boiling water. Remove 8 of the outer leaves as they fall off. Return the 8 leaves to the pot and cook for an additional 2 minutes to make them tender. Place them onto a sheet pan lined with a towel to cool and dry.nIn a bowl, mix together the Asian Sloppy Joes filling, Hearty Skillet Rice and scallions. Cut the tough bottom portion of the center rib out of each cabbage leaf. Place the leaf onto your work surface and put 2 tablespoons of the rice mixture into the center of the leaf. Roll up the bottom to cover the filling, then fold over the sides and continue rolling. When you have 8 rolls made, spread a thin layer of the Tomato Sauce onto the bottom of a shallow baking dish large enough to hold the rolls in a single layer. Place the rolls, seamside down, in the dish and cover with the remaining Tomato Sauce. Cover the dish with foil and cook to heat the rolls through, 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a bowl, whisk together the tomato sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar, tomato paste, vinegar, garlic, ginger and hot sauce until blended. Reserve 12 cup for another use. Set the rest of the sauce aside.nFor the sloppy joes: In a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil. When it is hot, add the onions and peppers and cook until they are soft, about 5 minutes. Push the vegetables to one side of the pan and add the ground pork. Break up any lumps and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until the pork is lightly browned, about 5 minutes. If there is a lot of fat in the pan, spoon some of it out and discard.nAdd the sauce to the pan, bring to a simmer and cook until the pork mixture has thickened but is still a bit loose, about 15 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the mixture for another use.nTo serve, remove 2 leaves from the cabbage, roll them up like a cigar and slice into very thin strips. Reserve the remaining cabbage for another use. Divide the sloppy joe mixture onto the hamburger buns. Garnish with the sliced cabbage. Top with the bun tops and serve immediately.nCook the rice according to package instructions.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil. Add the onions, zucchini and red pepper flakes. Cook until the vegetables just begin to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the ham and let cook another 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCrack the eggs into a bowl and beat them, adding a pinch of salt and pepper. Push the vegetables to the side of the skillet, add the eggs and cook until just set. Mix the eggs and vegetables together.nAdd the rice to the skillet with the vegetables and egg and cook, stirring frequently, until the rice is hot. Reserve 1 cup of the cooked rice for another use. Transfer to a serving dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small head green cabbage, from Asian Sloppy Joes, recipe follows, 1 cup Asian Sloppy Joes filling, recipe follows, 1 cup Hearty Skillet Rice, recipe follows, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup Tomato Sauce, from Asian Sloppy Joes, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 pound ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small head green cabbage, 4 hamburger buns, toasted, 1 cup white rice, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 4ounce slab deli ham, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs], title: Round 2 Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, picturelink: lMssCYPNT5G4QKGsVJbU2CNMxehSa2}, 31249: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nPour only enough olive oil about 1 12 tablespoons on a cookie sheet to prevent the chicken and the fennel from sticking. Place the chicken breast in a single layer on the sheet pan. Place in the broiler for 7 minutes.nRemove and add the fennel in a single layer and brush both sides with the olive oil. Season fennel slices with salt and pepper on both sides. Squeeze juice of 1 lime over the fennel slices and place under the broiler. Broil for 5 minutes.nSome of the edges may blacken slightly. Remove the fennel from the oven and using tongs or a spatula, and turn over each slice of fennel. Top with the Parmesan. Place back under the broiler for 1 12 to 3 minutes, or until cheese starts to brown.nAllow fennel to remain in the pan until ready to serve. Do not refrigerate. This is wonderful served at room temperature. Just before serving, squeeze remaining lime juice over fennel slices., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 skinned, boneless chicken breast, 2 large fennel bulbs, trimmed, and cut lengthwise into 14inch thick slices, Coarse grain salt, Cracked black pepper, 2 limes, juiced, 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Roasted Chicken and Fennel with Lime and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 31250: {instructions: Place the meat on a parchment paperlined baking sheet and, using your hands, break into small pieces and combine evenly. Arrange in a single layer and season the meat with salt and pepper.nDivide the meat into 6 portions about 4 ounces each. Using your hands, form each portion into a ballshape by gently tossing it from one hand to the other. Form each portion into a thin patty about 14inch. Each patty should be somewhat larger than a slice of the bread the patty will shrink to the size of the bread when cooked.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumheat. Add the onion, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, about 7 minutes. Transfer the onion to a bowl.nWipe out the skillet, return to the heat, and heat 1 tablespoon oil. Add 2 patties and saute, turning once, until well browned and cooked to medium, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a plate and repeat with the remaining oil and patties.nArrange 16 of the onion over 1 bread slice. Place 1 cheese slice over the onion and top with a patty. Top the patty with a slice of cheese and cover with a bread slice. Spread about 2 teaspoons of butter over the outside of each slice. Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make 6 sandwiches.nHeat the castiron skillet over medium heat. Add 2 sandwiches and cook, turning once, until lightly browned and the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and repeat with the remaining 4 sandwiches. Cut sandwiches in half crosswise and serve., ingredients: [34 pound ground sirloin, 34 pound ground chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced, 12 slices Swiss or American cheese about 3 ounces, 12 slices rye bread, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Patty Melt, picturelink: null}, 31251: {instructions: Special equipment: toothpicksnFor the pickled red onions: In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the vinegar, sugar, peppercorns and 2 tablespoons salt. Mix well and add the beets and onions. Once it comes to a boil, stir to dissolve the sugar and salt then remove from the heat. Allow to cool then cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nFor the grouper: In a small bowl, add the orange zest, juice, olive oil, ground achiote and cumin. Mix well to combine, then pour the marinade into a large resealable plastic bag. Add the grouper filets and seal the bag tightly, squeezing out any excess air from the bag. Gently mix around so the marinade coats the fish well. Refrigerate for 45 minutes.nClean the grill grates and preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nArrange 2 banana leaves to form a cross. Remove one piece of grouper from the marinade and place in the center of the leaves. Season with 4 to 5 turns freshly ground black pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Wrap the fish up tightly in the banana leaves by folding over one flap at a time, alternating each side so they overlap. Secure the last folds of the leaves together with toothpicks to hold in place. Place the banana leafwrapped grouper on the grill, and cook until the leaves turn bright green and begin to char around the edges, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and set aside.nTo serve, cut open the banana leaves to expose the fish, add a large spoonful of Spicy Grilled Corn Salsa and garnish with the pickled red onions, chopped scallions and cilantro.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the corn on the grill and cook until well charred all over, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Drizzle the poblanos and fresnos with olive oil and season with 5 to 6 turns freshly ground black pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Place the chilies on the grill and cook until lightly charred on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Place the chiles into a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap and allow to steam for 3 to 4 minutes.nHold a corn cob upright in a large mixing bowl. Using a chefs knife, cut off the kernels and let them fall into the bowl. Repeat with the remaining corn. Set aside the kernels. Discard the cobs.nRemove the skins from the chiles. Mince the fresnos, dice the poblanos and add them to the bowl with the corn kernels. Add the red onions, scallions, lime zest, juice, garlic, agave and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup fine sugar, 6 to 8 black peppercorns, Kosher salt, 1 small beet, peeled and sliced, 1 red onion, halved and thinly sliced into halfmoons, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground achiote, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Four 6ounce centercut Chilean seabass filets, 8 large banana leaves, thawed if frozen or soaked in water, cut into large, wide strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, Cilantro, for serving, Spicy Grilled Corn Salsa, recipe follows, 4 ears corn, husks removed, 2 poblano peppers, seeded and stemmed, 4 fresno chiles, seeded and stemmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup thin, biassliced scallions, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon agave], title: Banana LeafWrapped Chilean Seabass with Pickled Red Onions, picturelink: 9Jhrfu2qH23uxMmvzYEnAqZe2NxJhou}, 31252: {instructions: Bring water to a boil and steep with the two teas. After tea has steeped dark enough, remove bags, and add raspberries. Add and dissolve sugar, to taste. Squeeze in orange, lemon, and lime juice.nPass the whole mixture through a fine sieve, pressing on the raspberries to get their juice. Then let the mixture drain through a moistened towellined sieve into a deep bowl or pitcher, to remove the cloudy impurities. Chill and serve over ice with orange, lemon, lime slices, for garnish., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 4 black tea bags, 4 bags hibiscusbased herb tea, 3 cups raspberries, 12 cup sugar, or more, to taste, 2 oranges, juiced, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, Orange, lemon and lime slices, for garnish], title: Fruity Lemon Ice Tea, picturelink: null}, 31253: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 12x10inch rectangle. Cut into 3 3inch strips.nDivide the sausage into thirds. Shape each into a cylinder the same length as the pastry. Place 1 piece sausage on the long edge of each pastry rectangle. Roll up the pastry around the sausage and press the seams and pinch the edges to seal.nCut each roll into 12 1inch slices, making 24 in all. Place the slices, cutside down, onto a baking sheet.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown and the sausage is cooked through. Remove the pastries from the baking sheet and let cool on wire racks for 10 minutes.nTip: You can substitute Italian sausage casing removed for the bulk pork sausage.nTip: To make ahead, place the unbaked slices onto a baking sheet. Cover and freeze until firm. Remove the frozen slices from the baking sheet and store in a gallon size resealable plastic bag in the freezer for up to 1 month. Bake the frozen slices on a baking sheet at 400 degrees F for 20 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown and the sausage is cooked through., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 12 pound bulk pork sausage], title: Sausage Bites, picturelink: null}, 31254: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees and line a baking sheet with foil. Tear bread into pieces and in a food processor pulse until finely ground. In a large bowl stir together 2 cups bread  crumbs, Parmesan, sage, and salt pepper to taste. Melt butter, add salt and pepper to taste. Pat chicken dry and brush all over with mustard mixture. Roll chicken in breadcrumb mixture, pressing gently to adhere, and arrange chicken, without crowding, on baking sheet. Drizzle with butter.Bake chicken in middle of oven until cooked through and golden, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 loaf countrystyle bread, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese about 112 ounces, 1 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 stick 112 cups unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves about 112 pounds total], title: Oven Fried Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 31255: {instructions: Cooks Note: For the best results, chill the blender jar and glasses in the freezer for 1 hour before making.nPlace the milk chocolate bar in a microwavesafe bowl. Using the defrost setting, microwave for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted. Allow to cool.nBlend the ice cream, milk, melted chocolate, almond extract, and cinnamon in a blender jar preferably chilled until the mixture is combined. Add the frozen candy covered chocolate and pulse several times to chop them into small bits and blend them into the ice cream mixture. Serve in chilled juicesize glasses with spoons., ingredients: [1 1.3ounce milk chocolate singles bar, broken into small pieces, 1 12 cups vanilla ice cream, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon almond extract, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 cup candy covered dark chocolate, frozen], title: Chocolate Blitz Shake, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 31256: {instructions: For the dough: In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs, granulated sugar, and salt for the dough mixture. Combine the warm milk and margarine and add to the egg mixture. Slowly add 4 cups flour and beat well. Add the yeast and mix thoroughly. Add the remaining 4 cups flour and mix on medium speed for 7 minutes. Place the dough in an oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise to double its size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the dough into a 1 12by2foot rectangle.nFor the filling: Spread 4 ounces of margarine over the dough and sprinkle entire surface with brown sugar, cinnamon, and chopped pecans. Roll the dough into a cylinder shape starting with the bottom edge, and then cut into 12 slices. Place the slices onto an oiled pan and bake for 15 minutes. Cool and cover with icing.nFor the icing: Stir the powdered sugar, milk, margarine and almond extract until thoroughly combined., ingredients: [4 eggs, 6 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups milk, lukewarm, 4 ounces margarine, 8 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 2 tablespoons yeast, 4 ounces margarine, 2 cups brown sugar, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup milk, 4 ounces margarine, 1 tablespoon almond extract], title: Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: null}, 31257: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes and eggs into a big saucepan of cold salted water. Bring to a simmer. After 12 minutes remove the eggs with a slotted spoon and let cool. Continue cooking the potatoes until a paring knife poked into them goes in without resistance, about 3 minutes longer. Drain the potatoes in a colander and let them cool.nReserve some scallion greens and capers for garnish. Meanwhile, stir together the mayonnaise, mustard, pickles and their juice, onion, remaining scallions and capers, parsley, and lemon juice in a bowl large enough to hold the potatoes. Peel the cool eggs and grate them into the bowl. Stick a fork into the potatoes and lift them 1 at a time out of the colander. Break up the potatoes by hand into rough chunks, add them to the bowl and toss to coat with the dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Drizzle with a little olive oil before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt, 12 bunch sliced scallions, white and green parts, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 2 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup finely chopped dill pickles with 14 cup juice, about 2 pickles, 12 small red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 bunch dill, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Potato Salad, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 31258: {instructions: For the gingered peach topping: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nPlace the peaches, sugar, fresh ginger, ground ginger, white pepper and 3 cups water in a large saucepan over medium heat. Let simmer for 20 minutes. Drain the peaches and reserve the cooking liquid. Return the cooking liquid to the saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the liquid has reduced by half and has a syrupy consistency. Pour the syrup over the peaches and hold in the oven. The peaches can be made up to 3 days in advance and refrigerated. Gently rewarm in a saucepan.nFor the ricotta filling: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the ricotta and cream cheese. Mix on high until perfectly smooth. Add the sugar and almond extract and pulse until combined. Transfer to a small bowl. The ricotta filling will keep in the refrigerator for three days.nFor the Swedish pancakes: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the eggs, milk, sugar and almond extract and whisk until light and fluffy. Add the flour and salt and whisk thoroughly to eliminate all lumps and make a smooth batter. With the stand mixer running on low, slowly stream in the melted butter until well combined. For a thinner pancake, adjust the thickness of the batter by adding a bit more milk. The pancake batter will keep in the refrigerator for up to three days. Whisk before using.nHeat a griddle or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Lightly butter the skillet and wait until the butter gets frothy and light in color but not browned. Add 18 cup of the pancake batter to the pan and cook until the edges are lightly browned. Flip over the pancake, put a spoonful of the ricotta filling into the center and cook until the other side is light golden brown. Fold the pancake in half think quesadilla and transfer to a large serving platter. Repeat the process until all of the batter has been used. Top with the gingered peaches, dust with the confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [6 cups fresh or frozen sliced peaches not canned, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, Pinch white pepper, 2 cups ricotta, 8 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 4 large eggs, 4 12 cups milk, 13 to 12 cup granulated sugar to taste for sweetness, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for cooking pancakes, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Peachy Swedes with Ricotta Filling, picturelink: null}, 31259: {instructions: For the loaf: Over a gas burner or under an electric broiler, char the eggplants until the skin is black, turning as needed to cook all sides evenly. Wrap in foil and set aside to steam for 20 minutes. Remove from the foil and gently brush the skin off or rinse under warm water.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPulse the walnuts in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a large bowl. Pulse the eggplant, tofu, and mushrooms into small pieces. Add mixture to the walnuts along with the remaining loaf ingredients. Mix together until evenly combined. Transfer the mixture into a 1 12quart loaf pan or casserole dish and bake for 1 hour.nFor the gravy: Melt the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Season mushrooms with salt and pepper to taste. Scatter the flour over the mushrooms and stir until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Add the marsala and broth and bring to a boil, cooking until thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the cream and fresh thyme leaves and season with salt and pepper.nUnmold the meatless loaf, slice, and serve with the mushroom gravy., ingredients: [1 pound Japanese eggplants about 3, 12 cup walnuts, 1 pound firm tofu, 8 ounces shiitake or button mushrooms, stemmed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup wheat germ, 1 cup oldfashioned oats, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 large egg, plus 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 ounces shitake, cremini, or button mushrooms, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Marsala or sherry, 1 cup vegetable broth, homemade or low sodium canned, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 1 teaspoon leaves, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Meatless Meatloaf with Mushroom Gravy, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 31260: {instructions: Cut the tuna into 18 cubes, each one 12inch thick, and 1 14inch square. Place the cubes between sheets of lightlyoiled wax paper and flatten with a cleaver. You will have 18 very thin, fairly round scallops of tuna. Divide among 6 dinner plates and chill.nPrepare the sauce: Put the egg yolks in a food processor. Add the lemon juice, and blend for 3 seconds. Add the oil, by drops, at first, then in a thin stream. The sauce will be fairly thick. Add the basil, blend for 3 seconds, then add the cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Refrigerating for 30 minutes brings out the flavor.nWhen ready to serve, pour the sauce over the tuna slices. Shave the white truffle over all, and garnish each plate with fresh basil leaves.nNote: Fresh white truffles from Piedmont are available in the U.S. from September through December. They are hideously expensive. The dish also works without them, or with extrathin slices of white mushrooms sprinkled over the tuna., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh tuna, 2 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 ounce fresh white truffle], title: Tuna Carpaccio with Basil Cream and White Truffles, picturelink: null}, 31261: {instructions: Peel the mangoes and cut them into pieces. Place the mango pieces in a mediumsized saucepan with water to cover and cook them over low heat for 10 minutes, or until very tender. When cooked, put the mango through a food mill until you have a thin pulp. Place the pulp in a small bowl, cover it with plastic wrap, and chill it for 1 hour. Meanwhile, whip the cream with an electric mixer or wire whisk, slowly fold in the sweetened cream, stirring only enough to make sure that the ingredients are well mixed. Pour the mango cream into individual sherbet glasses, sprinkle each serving with some of the toasted coconut garnish with mint and serve., ingredients: [4 large mangos, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly toasted coconut crisps, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Mango Cream, picturelink: null}, 31262: {instructions: Combine tuna, mashed potatoes, scallions, parsley, cilantro, feta, eggs, ground caraway, ground coriander, garlic powder, capers, and salt and pepper. Mix well so all ingredients are mashed together.nPlace 2 cups of oil into a frying pan and heat. Open egg roll wraps but leave them covered with a towel so they will not dry out. Take out 1 wrapper and spoon about 3 tablespoons onto 12 of the wrap. Fold to form a triangle. Repeat with the filling and wrappers until you have exhausted the mixture.nPlace the brika into the hot oil and fry until it is all white on top. Turn the brika over and continue frying until light golden in color. Remove brika and place on a paper towel to drain the excess oil. Transfer to a clean plate., ingredients: [1 can of tuna, drained of oil or water, 4 medium sized baking potatoes, like russets, boiled and mashed, 12 cup scallions, chopped fine, 12 cups parsley leaves, chopped fine, 12 cups cilantro leaves, chopped fine, 2to 3 ounces Greek feta cheese crumbled, 4 eggs, 12 tablespoon ground caraway, 12 tablespoon ground coriander, 12 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 to 2 tablespoons capers, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 cups canola or vegetable oil, 1 package egg roll wrappers], title: Brika: Tunisian Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 31263: {instructions: Cut 8 ounces 2 sticks butter into 12 to 14inch dice, place on a plate and refrigerate while preparing remaining ingredients.Measure water and add salt stir to dissolve and set aside.nCoarsely dice remaining 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter. Place flour in work bowl of food processor fitted with metal blade add 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until butter is absorbed  about ten to twelve 1second pulses.nAdd remaining butter and pulse once or twice to distribute. Add water and pulse 3 or 4 times, just until dough forms a rough ball. Do not overprocess.nFlour work surface and scrape dough from work bowl. Shape dough into a rough rectangle and place between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Press dough with rolling pin to flatten, then roll back and forth several times with rolling pin to make a 12 by 18 inch rectangle of dough.nPeel away plastic wrap and invert dough to floured work surface. Peel away second piece of wrap. Fold dough in thirds in the width, folding the top third down and the bottom third up, to make a 6 by 18inch rectangle, then roll up the dough from one of the 6inch ends, making sure to roll end under dough. Press the dough into a square, wrap in plastic and refrigerate 1 hour, or until firm., ingredients: [10 ounces 2 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, 12 cup cold tap water, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups unbleached, allpurpose flour about 9 ounces], title: Quickest Puff Pastry, picturelink: null}, 31264: {instructions: Toss the shrimp with the lemon juice and 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning in a medium bowl. Whisk the sour cream, mayonnaise, chopped pickles, the remaining 1 teaspoon Old Bay and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside.nCook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 7 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate and discard all but 1 teaspoon of the fat in the skillet. Return the skillet to mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp in a single layer along with the liquid. Cook, flipping the shrimp halfway through, until opaque and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes.nLightly toast the potato bread and spread each slice with the sour cream mixture. Sandwich with the lettuce, tomatoes, shrimp, pickle slices and bacon. Serve with potato chips.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [16 medium shrimp about 12 ounces, peeled and deveined, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 dill pickle sandwich slices, chopped, plus more slices for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices bacon, 8 slices potato bread, 4 inner Bibb lettuce leaves, 2 large tomatoes, sliced, Potato chips, for serving], title: Shrimp BLT, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 31265: {instructions: Heat oil in a skillet and saute onions until translucent. Add garlic and saute until it begins to turn golden brown, being careful not to burn it. Stir in hot peppers and cook until they begin to soften. Add ground beef and cook until browned. Drain off any fat. Season with cumin, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Add tomato paste, hot sauce, beans, tomatoes, parsley and cilantro and simmer 30 minutes.nWhile chili is simmering, bring consomme to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in rice and butter and return to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 20 minutes without removing lid. Remove from heat and let sit 5 minutes.nSpoon rice onto serving plate and top with chili and garnish with parsley and cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeds and stems removed and chopped use gloves, avoid breathing fumes, and protect your eyes when handling these and all hot peppers, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 16 ounce cans kidney beans, 1 29 to 32ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh parsley leaves, plus 8 small sprigs for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh cilantro leaves, plus 8 small sprigs for garnish, 4 cups beef consomme, 2 cups brown rice, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Lightning Chili and Rice, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 31266: {instructions: Brown bacon in a large 8quart capacity pot. Add beef and brown in the bacon fat. Add onions, celery and carrots and saute for about 5 minutes. Add red wine and beef broth, and simmer until reduced by half. In a small bowl, mix flour and oil, then stir this mixture into the stew and let simmer for a few minutes to thicken and integrate flavors. Add potatoes, okra and bay leaves to the stew and let cook until potatoes are fork tender. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 bacon, diced, 2 pounds cubed beef stew meat, 3 large onions, medium dice, 1 bunch celery, well scrubbed, cleaned, and chopped, 1 pound carrots, medium dice, One 750ml bottle red wine, 2 quarts beef broth, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 pounds potatoes, well scrubbed and diced, skin on, One 8ounce package frozen okra, 3 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cowboy Stew, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 31267: {instructions: In a small saucepan heat cream to a simmer. In a bowl pour simmering cream over chopped chocolate. Add butter and stir until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces finely chopped bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: null}, 31268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the 6 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots, season lightly with salt, and cook, stirring, until the shallots just begin to color, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms, thyme, and the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms release their liquid, about 2 minutes. Add the Chicken Reduction, bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is reduced by half and has a saucy consistency, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the preserved truffles if using. If the mixture thickens too much  you want the mushrooms to be swimming in the sauce but there should be a mushroom in every bite  add 2 tablespoons of the Chicken Reduction to thin it out a bit. Stir in the chives and crushed red pepper.nDivide the Creamy Polenta among serving bowls. Top with the mushrooms and their cooking liquid and serve immediately.nHeat a convection oven to 425 degrees F or a conventional oven to 450 degrees F.nRinse the chicken bones and pat them dry. Spread them out on two rimmed baking sheets in a single layer with a little room between the bones. Roast until golden brown, about 1 hour, flipping and turning the bones every 15 minutes or so.nIn a large stockpot, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the rosemary and garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the celery, onion, and carrot, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are well browned, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes, and cook, stirring, until some of the juices evaporate, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook until almost all of it has evaporated. Add the chicken bones with juices and drippings to the stockpot, then add enough water to cover everything by about 2 inches about 6 quarts. Increase the heat to mediumhigh, bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium to cook at a gentle simmer, stirring often to break up the bones and emulsify the fat, until the chicken is falling off the bones and the stock has a full flavor, 2 to 2 12 hours.nRemove the chicken bones and strain the broth several times through a chinois or other finemesh strainer. If you want to make and use the reduction right away, spoon off any visible fat floating on top of the stock. Otherwise, chill the stock until the fat solidifies on top, and then scrape off and discard most of it.nPour the defatted stock into a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat slightly so the stock is not boiling so furiously. As the stock simmers, some of it will remain on the sides of the saucepan use a spoon or ladle to pour some of the stock over this to deglaze it. This will further increase the intensity of the flavor. Continue simmering until the stock has darkened, thickened, and reduced to about 4 cups, about 30 minutes. The reduction can be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for up to 2 months. Yield: 4 cupsnIn a large, heavybased saucepan over mediumhigh heat, heat the cream and milk until warm, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the salt and keep whisking until the liquid is very frothy like a cappuccino and hot. While still whisking, slowly rain the polenta into the pot. Continue to whisk until the granules swell, about 8 minutes. At this point, switch to a wooden spoon to stir the polenta. It will get too thick for the whisk. Keep stirring until the polenta has begun to thicken, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium and cook until it evenly begins to bubble. Reduce the heat to low, cover with a tightfitting lid, and cook, stirring every 10 to 15 minutes, until cooked through and the liquid has reduced, about 1 12 hours. The polenta might look done sooner, but it does continue to soften, so be patient. During this time, a skin might form on the bottom of the pan, which is fine.nJust before serving, raise the heat to mediumhigh, stir in the butter and the cheese, and cook, stirring, until the butter is melted, then take the pot off the heat. If the polenta looks thin, dont worry, as it will thicken as it cools. Yield: 8 to 10 servings, ingredients: [6 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 medium shallots, halved and thinly sliced lengthwise, Kosher salt, 10 ounces mixed domestic and wild mushrooms, sliced or cut into bitesized pieces about 4 cups, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups Chicken Reduction, plus more as needed, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon preserved black truffles, optional, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 3 cups Creamy Polenta, recipe follows, 6 pounds chicken bones some meat on them is fine, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, bruised with the dull side of a chefs knife, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 celery stalks, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 4 whole canned tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 cups heavy cream, 4 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 cup coarse polenta, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Mushroom Fricassee with Creamy Polenta, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 31269: {instructions: Place veal in freezer for about 3 hours, until partially frozen this makes it easier to cut thin. Slice into 12 thin strips about 4 inches long and 2 inches wide. Trim off fat or skin and pound until very thin. Lay slices out on board or table, 4 rows of 3 slices. Trim 12 toothpicks to 2 inches. If longer, it will impede browning.nSeason hard boiled egg halves with salt and pepper. Place 1 half on the end of each of the slices in the first row. Roll up and secure with a toothpick.nAt ends of second row of veal, lay a slice of ham and spread 1 teaspoon of mustard over ham. Roll up and secure as before.nAt ends of last row of veal, lay 2 asparagus tips, cut to fit. Season with salt and pepper. Roll up and secure as before.nSeason flour well with salt and pepper. Add clarified butter to large saute pan over medium heat. Roll the veal rolls in the flour. In separate bowl, beat eggs. Add cheese to eggs. Coat veal rolls with egg mixture. Place in saute pan and cook for about 2 minutes on all sides 4 sides, careful not to burn. Remove to a serving platter and remove toothpicks. Keep warm.nPour off excess fat in pan. Add Worcestershire sauce, any remaining egg and cheese mixture, parsley, and butter. Stir and serve atop each rollito. Three rollitos, one of each kind, per serving., ingredients: [2 14 pounds veal leg, 2 hard boiled eggs, halved, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 4 slices cooked ham, each about 18 pound, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 4 thick white asparagus tips, cooked, 12 cup flour, 14 cup clarified butter, 4 eggs, 4 ounces freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, finely chopped, 12 cup butter], title: Rollitos de Fillete de Ternera, picturelink: null}, 31270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle the corn, red pepper and jalapeno with canola oil and sprinkle with salt. Grill on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Set aside to cool. Remove the stems and seeds from the red pepper and the jalapeno, then cut the red pepper into slices and cut the jalapeno into small dice. Cut the kernels from the corn ears.nBring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. During the last 1 to 2 minutes of cooking, add the lima beans. Drain, and toss with 1 tablespoon of the canola oil.nPuree the lemon juice, honey, parsley and some salt and pepper in a food processor. With the motor running, drizzle in the remaining canola oil.nIn a large bowl, combine the dressing with the pasta, lima beans, corn and red peppers. Toss well. Add the chopped jalapenos, one teaspoon at a time, until the desired level of spiciness is reached. Season again with salt and pepper as needed.nChill in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours, until cold and the flavors have married. If acid is lacking, squeeze half a lemon over before serving., ingredients: [2 ears corn, husked, 1 medium red bell pepper, 1 jalapeno, 23 cup canola oil, plus for drizzling, Kosher salt, 1 pound cavatappi or corkscrew pasta, 1 cup frozen lima beans, thawed, 23 cup fresh lemon juice, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 bunch flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Southern Succotash Pasta Salad, picturelink: qofGJrK6N9CdJINAPRldODzHpQb9Rq}, 31271: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium skillet over low heat. Add ginger, and cook for 1 minute. Add wine, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sugar, and star anise bring to a simmer. Add pork, and cover. Cook until tender, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Remove pork, and keep warm. Allow sauce to simmer until reduced and thickened. Cut pork into 1inch slices. Spoon sauce over pork, and serve with steamed rice and bok choy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon julienned ginger, 1 cup Chinese cooking wine or dry sherry, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 star anise, 2 pork tenderloins, trimmed and halved crosswise, Steamed rice, for serving optional, Steamed baby bok choy, for serving optional], title: Chinese Simmered Anise Pork, picturelink: null}, 31272: {instructions: To prepare the garlic cream sauce: Heat 3 tablespoons of oil with the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, shallots, garlic, and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are tender and translucent, about 7 minutes. Add the anchovy paste and cook until fragrant. Add the halfandhalf and simmer over mediumlow heat.nIn a small bowl, combine the cornstarch with an equal amount of water and mix well. Whisk 1 12 tablespoons of the cornstarch mixture into the sauce. Whisk the sauce as it returns to a simmer. Simmer for 1 to 2 minutes then check the consistency. Repeat the process if the sauce is too thin. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and keep warm over very low heat.nTo prepare the artichoke, shrimp, and stuffing: Put the artichoke in a medium saucepan, add about 2 inches of water and a little salt. Cover the pot and steam the artichoke over medium heat until a leaf pulls off easily, about 40 minutes. Allow the artichoke to cool then pull away the leaves and scrape the fibrous hair from the heart. Slice the artichoke heart and reserve.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and shallots. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are tender and translucent, about 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the bread crumbs, half the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Moisten the stuffing with enough chicken stock so that it holds together. Set the stuffing aside.nButterfly the shrimp. Remove the veins then lay the shrimp flat, cutside up. Spoon stuffing into each shrimp. Place the artichokes in the bottom of a greased baking dish. Reform the shrimp and place them in a snug single layer over the artichokes. Drizzle the shrimp with the melted butter and a little olive oil and bake until they are firm and opaque, about 10 minutes.nArrange the shrimp and artichoke on appetizer plates then drizzle with garlic cream. Garnish with the remaining parsley and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small onion, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 artichoke, stem and leaf ends trimmed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for drizzling shrimp, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 2 cups bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper, Approximately 34 cup chicken stock, 18 large shrimp about 15 shrimp per pound, peeled but with tails on, 2 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Stuffed Shrimp with Garlic Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31273: {instructions: Using a non stick pan, add the 2 ounces of corn oil and heat until very hot. Add the seasoned scallops to the pan and allow to cook until golden brown. Add the butter to the pan halfway through cooking to achieve a nutty flavor on the scallops. In a saucepan saute the shallots, 2 teaspoons garlic until translucent. Next, add the diced peppers and the sliced green beans and cook for 3 to 5 minutes over medium high heat. Next, add the chicken stock and the lemon zest. Allow to cook for 15 minutes at a simmer.nUsing a blender, add the parsley and the oil. Blend this until smooth. Add the Parmesan cheese and 2 tablespoons garlic and season with salt and pepper.nIn a soup bowl add about 5 to 6 tablespoons of minced vegetables and 3 to 4 ounces of the garlic broth. Place 3 jumbo scallops in the center of each bowl and put 2 tablespoons of pesto in the center. Serve hot and garnish the dish with a few parsley sprigs., ingredients: [2 ounces corn oil, 6 jumbo sea scallops, seasoned with salt and pepper, 1ounce whole butter, 3 shallots, chopped, 2 teaspoons garlic, chopped plus 2 tablespoons chopped garlic for pesto, 12 green pepper, finely diced, 12 red pepper, finely diced, 10 fresh green beans, thinly sliced, 1 can clear chicken broth, 1 lemon, zested, 1 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves chopped, plus a few sprigs reserved for garnish, 3 ounces olive oil, 4 to 5 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, Salt and pepper], title: Sea Scallops and Minced Vegetables with Parsley Pesto and Garlic Broth, picturelink: null}, 31274: {instructions: In a medium Dutch oven over high heat, add oil and rib meat. Cook meat for 4 to 5 minutes or until browned on all sides. Add the onions and carrots and saute until softened. Add the stock, wine and potatoes, cover and let simmer for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender.nPreheat an oven to 375 degrees F.nSpoon the stew into 2ounce serving cups and top each with 1 to 2 tablespoons of mashed potatoes. Brush potatoes with butter and place into oven for 7 to 8 minutes or until mashed potatoes are browned. Garnish with herbs and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound diced short rib meat with the fat removed, 1 onion, diced, 1 large carrot, diced, 12 cup beef stock, 12 bottle red wine, 1 potato, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups mashed potatoes, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 12 cup chopped mixed herbs parsley, chives, chervil], title: Shephards Pie, picturelink: 40djh.Wf7dfi5GPrvPU0LEvYoheHI42}, 31275: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan until very hot. Add oil and when almost smoking, add the chicken and saute until golden brown on all sides. Add the onion and garlic. Cook for 2 minutes.nTransfer meat to a plate and keep warm. Deglaze pan with the wine and vinegar. Reduce by half. Add the tomato, butter, and bouquet garni. Bring to a boil and add the chicken. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked. Remove chicken, and with an immersion blender, blend sauce.nPlace chicken back into the sauce. Rectify seasoning. Bring to a boil and serve., ingredients: [4 chicken halves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup apple balsamic vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 3 cups tomato concasse skinned, seeded, and diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 bouquet garni celery, bay leaf, parsley, and leek tied in a bundle], title: Chicken with Tomato and Apple Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 31276: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss the cubed bread with enough extravirgin olive oil to coat liberally, and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the bread cubes in an even layer on one side of a large baking sheet. In the same mixing bowl, toss the diced peppers with some extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper and place them on the other side of the baking sheet. Place the baking sheet into the oven to bake until the bread is crispy and golden brown and the peppers have softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Keep an eye on it so the bread doesnt burnnMeanwhile, make the vinaigrette. In a small mixing bowl, combine the vinegar, mustard and garlic. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while whisking. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper.nOnce the bread is toasted, combine the bread and peppers with the smoked mozzarella, snap peas and tomatoes you can use the same bowl you tossed the bread and peppers in. Toss the salad with the vinaigrette and add the torn basil leaves. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to develop., ingredients: [1 loaf French bread, cut or torn into 1inch cubes about 6 cups, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch dice, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch dice, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, grated or pressed, 12 cup olive oil, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, cut into 13inch dice, 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed and sliced into thirds on the bias, 8 ounces cherry heirloom tomatoes, halved, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Smoky Panzanella with Market Vegetables, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 31277: {instructions: For the salsa:nIn a bowl, combine the apples and celery. Drizzle with the vinegar and honey, and toss to incorporate. Add the tarragon and mint, and toss, and then season with salt, to taste.nFor the schnitzel:nPut the flour, eggs and panko in 3 separate dishes. Lightly dredge the cutlets, coating both sides, 1 at a time, in the flour. Shake off the excess flour. Dip the floured cutlet in the beaten egg mixture, and allow any excess egg to drip off. Then, bread the cutlet in the panko bread crumbs. Repeat the process with the remaining cutlets.nIn a nonstick saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Panfry the pork cutlets, 1 at a time. Once the first side of a cutlet has achieved a golden brown color, flip the schnitzel and fry on the second side until the pork has cooked through, approximately 10 minutes each.nRemove from the heat and season the cutlets with salt, to taste. Serve the cutlets with the apple salsa., ingredients: [2 Granny Smith apples, small diced, 1 celery stalk, small diced, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 8 thinly sliced pork loin cutlets, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt], title: Panko Schnitzel with Apple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 31278: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a large nonstick skillet with 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. When oil ripples, add chicken and cook 3 minutes on each side then remove and let meat rest and cool.nTo the same skillet, add another tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and the butter. Melt butter into extravirgin olive oil and add the shallots, garlic and capers. Saute 5 minutes then add white wine and reduce 30 seconds. Next, add the juice of 1 lemon and immediately add the spinach  mound up the pan. You will not be able to fit it all in there. Keep turning the spinach and wilting it down until you get it all in there then turn the heat off. Keep some leaves still a bit crisp to vary textures in your salad. Season the spinach with salt and pepper. Chop chicken into little bits and add to the warm salad. Toss to distribute and serve., ingredients: [1 pound chicken breast cutlets, 6 pieces, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 pounds triple washed spinach, stems discarded, leaves coarsely chopped], title: Warm Chopped Chicken Picatta Spinach Salad, picturelink: tixRs0ft9WXydb2s3335jSVfIjZRSYO}, 31279: {instructions: Slice zucchini and yellow squash lengthwise into 18 to 14inch thick strips. Lay the strips out on baking sheet pan and salt generously. Set aside.nRoast the peppers over a gas flame or broil on a sheet pan until completely charred, about 8 minutes. Put the peppers in a bowl, cover, and set aside until just cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes. Rub the skins off the peppers with your fingers to remove most of the charred skin. Core and remove the seeds, then slice the peppers lengthwise into 1 12inch strips.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix the goat cheese, olives, thyme, and red pepper flakes together in a bowl and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nThoroughly wipe excess salt and moisture from zucchini and squash with paper towel.nSpread 1 cup of the tomato sauce into the bottom of an 8 by 11inch baking dish. Begin layering, remembering to season with pepper between each layer. Start with the zucchini and then summer squash and all the peppers. Dollop spoonfuls of the cheese over the peppers and then spread it out to cover. Spoon half of the remaining sauce over the vegetables. Repeat with the remaining zucchini, squash, goat cheese, and sauce. Sprinkle top layer with Parmesan and bake, covered, for 30 minutes, then uncover. Continue baking until the vegetables are tender and the sauce thickens, about 30 minutes more. Let lasagna stand for 10 minutes before slicing.nPut the tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, vinegar, and salt in a sauce pan. Bring to a boil over high heat, lower heat to a brisk simmer, and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. While sauce cooks tear basil leaves into small pieces. Remove the sauce from the heat and stir in the basil. Transfer half of the sauce to a food processor and puree. Return to the saucepan and season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 small zucchini, 2 small summer squash, Kosher salt, 2 red bell peppers, 7 ounces lowfat goat cheese, 13 cup pitted Calamata olives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 recipe tomato sauce recipe follows, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 large cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup packed basil leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetable Lasagna Casserole, picturelink: null}, 31280: {instructions: Grate the zest of 2 oranges set aside. Juice the oranges and whisk with 1 12 cups Greek yogurt, one 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt. Remove 14 cup of the mixture to a small bowl and stir in the orange zest. Pour the plain filling into a 9inch graham cracker crust. Spoon the zest mixture over the top, then swirl with the back of the spoon. Cover and freeze until set, about 4 hours., ingredients: [], title: Frozen OrangeVanilla Pie, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 31281: {instructions: Divide the sorbet among 4 frozen highball glasses 2 scoops for each. Add 2 ounces of whiskey to each glass and top with club soda. Serve with a straw and a spoon., ingredients: [8 small scoops apple sorbet, 8 ounces Scotch whiskey, 12 ounces club soda], title: Apple Sorbet, Scotch and Soda Float, picturelink: 8wyXVeTHIplC2R9k5X522aYL6Pr2lwW}, 31282: {instructions: Accompaniments: Louki raita recipe follows Lime wedgesnMake marinade: In an electric coffeespice grinder finely grind cumin seeds and cloves. In a blender blend ground spices with remaining marinade ingredients until smooth.nCut chicken breasts crosswise into 14inchthick strips and in a large sealable plastic bag combine with marinade. Seal bag, pressing out excess air and turn bag several times to coat chicken well. Marinate chicken at least 1 day and up to 2.nWhile chicken is marinating, soak skewers in water at least 1 hour. Prepare grill or preheat oven to its highest temperature, 500 degrees to 550 degrees.nRemove skewers from water and pat dry. Thread 1 piece chicken lengthwise onto each skewer and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, turning over once, until just cooked through about 5 minutes. Alternatively, in a lightly oiled shallow roasting pan arrange skewers in one layer and roast in middle of oven.nServe skewers with raita and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 3 whole cloves, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons plain wholemilk yogurt preferably Middle Eastern, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 14 teaspoons chili powder preferably New Mexican, 1 14 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, Onepound boneless skinless chicken breasts, 36 7inch bamboo skewers], title: Tandoori Murghi Grilled Chicken Skewers, picturelink: null}, 31283: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace ground pork into a large mixing bowl, making sure to break meat into smaller pieces. Add the rest of the ingredients and mix by hand until all the ingredients are well blended. Dont overwork or the meatballs will be mealy. Form into 1ounce balls, about 1 12 inches in diameter and place them closely together on a sheet pan. Place the pan into the top half of the oven and cook until the meatballs are just firm to the touch, about 10 minutes. Remove from pan and drop into the Chipotle Tomato Sauce. Simmer 5 minutes and serve.nPut the tomato sauce, chipotles with sauce and the rest of the ingredients into a large, heavy bottomed saucepan. Stir well and place over high heat until the sauce begins to bubble. Reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour, being sure to stir every 10 to 15 minutes so it doesnt burn., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ground pork, 2 eggs, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 1 12 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 small onion, minced, 1 12 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Chipotle Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 2 28ounce cans tomato sauce, 12 cup canned chipotles in sauce available in the International section of most supermarkets, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1ounce unsweetened chocolate chopped into small bits, Salt and black pepper], title: Albondigas in Chipotle Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31284: {instructions: Cut the prosciutto slices in half crosswise and arrange in a fan on 4 dinner plates, 5 half slices per plate. Stretch plastic wrap tightly around each plate and refrigerate until needed. To save space, the plates can be stacked.nPlace the peaches in a bowl and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour the lemon juice and water over peaches and cover.nHeat the butter over medium heat until the foam subsides and the butter has turned light brown. Add the bay leaf, thyme, vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 1 minute then add peaches and baby spinach and toss to coat.nDivide evenly among the 4 plates of prosciutto and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 very thin slices prosciutto, 1 pound peaches about 3, at room temperature, peeled and cut into 8 wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 cups loosely packed baby spinach], title: Warm Peach and Prosciutto Salad, picturelink: null}, 31285: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, using hands, combine all ingredients. Place in loaf pan and bake for 40 minutes or internal temperature reads 150 degrees on meat thermometer. Let rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 eggs, beaten, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped and Sauteed until translucent, 3 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped, 3 T tablespoons parsley leaves, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons tarragon, chopped, 12 can sweet corn, 12 cup bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons Harissa, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Herbed Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 31286: {instructions: In a shaker glass add the peach, mint leaves, lemon and orange and muddle together. Add regular ice, the remaining ingredients and shake. Pour into a longstem wineglass filled with crushed ice., ingredients: [112 oz. cognac, 12 oz. peach schnapps, 14 oz. simple syrup, 1 half peach crushed, 1 lemon wedge, 1 orange wedge, 1 peach slice garnish, 1 mint sprig garnish, Crushed ice], title: Zuzus Peach Sparkler, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 31287: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ginger, turmeric, allspice, garlic and jalapeno and cook, stirring until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring until lightly caramelized, about 1 minute. Add the mashed bananas, vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce and rum, if using, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Scrape the sauce into a bowl, press a sheet of plastic wrap on the top and let cool. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 4 very ripe bananas, mashed until smooth about 2 cups, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dark rum optional], title: FilipinoStyle Banana Ketchup, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 31288: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the adobo seasoning, bijol, paprika, scallions, red pepper, hot sauce, olive oil, and water whisk marinade together.nPlace fish fillets in a bowl or a ziplock bag. Cover fish with marinade. Let sit for 1 to 2 hours.nIf grilling fish, place over hot grills until brown.nIf frying the fish, pour the flour into a bowl. In a second bowl, combine milk and eggs. In a third bowl, combine cornmeal, garlic powder, paprika, dried oregano, and salt and pepper. Dredge fillets in flour, then into the egg wash, and finally dip them in the cornmeal mixture.nIn a large skillet heat 2 inches of canola oil. When the oil reaches 375 degrees F., or 1 drop of egg wash cooks and rises to the top immediately, add the fillets to the oil, 2 at a time. Fry the fillets until golden brown. Fillets can also be deep fried.nServe with Mango and Black Bean Salsa.nCombine all ingredients together in a medium size bowl. Mix to blend ingredients evenly throughout.nRecipe courtesy Johnny Leverocks Seafood House, ingredients: [2 to 3 teaspoons adobo seasoning, or other comparable mix of garlic powder, dried oregano, salt, black pepper and turmeric, 1 teaspoon bijol, or a comparable blend of corn flour, cumin, and annatto, 1 heaping teaspoon Hungarian paprika Spanish may be used, 2 scallions, minced, 12 red pepper, minced, 3 to 4 dashes hot sauce 10 to 15, if you like it hot, 14 cup olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, 4 grouper or snook fillets, 1 cup flour, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, Cornmeal, for coating, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, Dried oregano or dried basil, optional, Salt and Pepper, to taste, Canola oil, for frying, Mango and Black Bean Salsa, recipe follows, 12 cup soaked or canned black beans, 12 cup small diced red onion, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 12 cup small diced mango, 12 cup small diced red pepper, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Rodbenders Island Spiced Fried or Grilled Grouper, picturelink: null}, 31289: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the grapefruit juice, vodka and Simple Syrup in a bowl, then pour into a freezersafe glass baking dish and pop in the freezer. Scrape with a fork every half hour until partially frozen and granular, about 3 hours. Serve in martini glasses and garnish with lemon zest. Eat with a spoon or a straw.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 cups freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 1 cup vodka, 12 to 1 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Zest of 1 lemon, cut into strips or finely grated, 1 cup sugar], title: Grapefruit Granita, picturelink: dZtXZYlgMT0OEbttNL11sHhZT5toLE2}, 31290: {instructions: Dump all of the ingredients except the crackers into a food processor and puree. If you are using a blender to puree, you may need to add some extra oil to facilitate blending. After blending, place in a bowl. Excess oil will rise to the edges of the bowl. Drain off.nSpread Tapenade on crisps just before serving, or let guests do it themselves., ingredients: [1 cup black kalamata olives, pitted, mushy olives discarded, 1 mediumsized orange, zested, 1 lemon, zested, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon fennel or anise seeds, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup lightly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, chopped coarsely, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Rustic crackers or bagel chips], title: Citrus Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 31291: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake sure to have a pot of boiling salted water for pasta going before starting this dish. You will not cook the pasta all the way as you will finish it in the pan with the sauce.nDrop the pasta into the boiling water to start the cooking process.nMeanwhile, in a saute pan heat some oil over high heat and add the pancetta. Saute until the pancetta is rendered most of the fat melts away, and then turn the heat down to medium. Pancetta should look like crispy bacon. Add the onions and stir constantly making sure the onions do not burn. Once the onions are soft and cooked through, add the red sauce. Cook for 1 minute, and then add the cheese and pepper flakes, stirring to incorporate.nTurn off the heat on the sauce and add the cooked pasta to the pan with the sauce. Turn the heat back on to low and toss the pasta constantly so that the sauce will stick to the pasta the sauce should be thick and shouldnt create a pool on the plate. Transfer the pasta and sauce to a bowl and sprinkle more cheese on top to serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt, 5 ounces pasta bucatini, linguini or tagliatelle work well, Extravirgin olive oil, to coat pan, 2 ounces diced pancetta thickcut regular bacon will work as well, 1 ounce diced red onion, 5 ounces red sauce see Cooks Note, below, 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano and pecorino cheeses, plus more for serving], title: Pasta Amatriciana, picturelink: V5SAHQbZjRflm2DH3ljFy4kSWDE55A6}, 31292: {instructions: Pour milk into a small bowl, and add seeds scraped from vanilla bean. Whisk to combine. In a medium bowl, combine sugar, salt, cardamom, and flour. Add eggs and milk. Whisk until smooth and thick. Chill for at least 30 minutes.nHeat oil in a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nAttach rosette iron to handle. Carefully dip iron into oil for 2 to 3 minutes. Blot with paper towel. It is very helpful to reheat rosette iron before dipping into batter.nDip hot iron into batter up to the top edge do not allow batter to coat the top. Submerge iron in oil to bottom of pot for 15 seconds. Raise iron from bottom of pot, but keep submerged, and continue cooking until lightly browned. Remove iron from oil, and gently remove rosette, using a fork if necessary. If rosette pops off of the iron and falls into the oil, use tongs to retrieve it.nDrain rosettes on paper towels. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 quarts canola oil, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Heart Rosette Cookies, picturelink: null}, 31293: {instructions: For the pico de gallo: Mix together the tomatoes, lime juice, cilantro, garlic, avocados and onions in a medium bowl. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Cover and chill.nFor the tacos: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the chorizo until cooked through, breaking up with back of wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. Transfer the chorizo to a papertowellinedplate. Add the potatoes and cook, covered, stirring occasionally until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer to a papertowellinedplate. Whisk the eggs and sprinkle with salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Add the eggs to the same skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring until the eggs are softly set, 1 to 2 minutes. Return the chorizo and potatoes to the skillet and toss with the eggs to warm through and finish cooking the eggs. Toast the tortillas in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, topping each tortilla evenly with the cheese, until the cheese melts and the tortillas begin to crisp on the bottom, about 1 minute. Transfer to a platter. Put 12 cup of the egg and chorizo mixture in each tortilla and top with 1 tablespoon of the pico de gallo. Reserve any leftover pico de gallo for another use. Fold each tortilla in half and serve with the sour cream and hot sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped about 3 tomatoes, 3 tablespoons lime juice 2 to 3 limes, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 ripe avocado, halved, pitted and chopped, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 14 medium red onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces fresh Mexicanstyle chorizo sausage, casing removed about 6 links, 4 ounces new potatoes, peeled and diced into 12inch cubes about 2 medium, 6 large eggs, Four 6inch flour tortillas, 1 cup white Cheddar, grated, 14 cup sour cream or crema, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Breakfast Tacos with Chorizo, Egg and Potato, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 31294: {instructions: Place 1 scoop of lemon sorbet along side 1 scoop of vanilla ice cream in each dessert cup. Top each serving with 1 jigger of the lemon liqueur. Grate the zest of 1 lemon on each bowl of sorbet and ice cream. Garnish cups with wafer cookies sticking out of the ice cream, then serve., ingredients: [1 pint lemon sorbet, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 jiggers limoncello, Italian lemon liqueur available at any large liqueur store, any lemon liqueur may be substituted, 1 lemon, zested, Wafer cookies, for garnish], title: Limoncello Dessert, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 31295: {instructions: Heat the 14 cup olive oil in a large pot over high heat. Add the onion, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste cook until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken, the broth, 4 cups water and the juice of 1 lemon cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, add the pastina and simmer until the pasta is cooked and the soup thickens slightly, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken when cool enough to handle, pull the meat off the bone and shred into bitesize pieces.nRemove the soup from the heat. Whisk the juice of the remaining lemon with the whole eggs and yolks in a medium bowl until frothy. Gradually whisk a ladleful of the hot soup into the egg mixture, then stir the warm egg mixture into the soup and return to mediumlow heat. Cook until creamy, about 1 minute. Stir in the shredded chicken, spinach and dill, and season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bowls garnish with feta, if desired.nPer serving: Calories 425 Fat 27 g Saturated 6 g Cholesterol 277 mg Sodium 858 mg Carbohydrate 18 g Fiber 1 g Protein 27 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 2 12to3pound rotisserie chicken on the bone, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 lemons, 12 cup pastina small pasta, 2 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 2 cups baby spinach or other baby greens, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, Crumbled feta cheese, for garnish optional], title: Chicken and Egg Soup with Pastina, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 31296: {instructions: Fill bucket glass with ice. Add vodka and Kahlua. Top off with milk., ingredients: [1 oz. Kahlua or other coffeeflavored liqueur, 1 oz. vodka, Milk], title: White Russian, picturelink: null}, 31297: {instructions: Add the butter to a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the turnips to the pan and cook until slightly browned and just tender, about 10 minutes. Add the greens and stock, and simmer until the turnips are cooked through and greens are tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper to serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds baby turnips with greens, turnips quartered and greens chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Turnips, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 31298: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut off the core of the escarole, wash it and then place it in a pot with a couple cups of water to steam it. While escarole is steaming, put the meat in a bowl and cover it lightly with a layer of garlic salt, layer of black pepper and 2 layers of cheese. Then, add a layer of breadcrumbs and 1 egg. Mix well. Roll the mixture into 12inch meatballs. Place the meatballs on a baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes. Remove the cooked meatballs from the oven and place them in a brown paper bag with a paper towel. Shake the bag a few times to eliminate excess grease. Drain the steamed escarole and chop it. After chopping the escarole, drain it again.nFill a 16 quart stock pot a little more than halfway with cold water. Add chicken, celery, carrots and salt and pepper to taste. Cook on medium heat for approximately 1 12 to 2 hours, skimming the top of the pot every 15 minutes or so. Be careful not to add too much salt to the soup until it is finished because the escarole, eggs and cheese have salt in them. After cooking, remove the chicken from the broth and let cool. Turn the stove up to high and bring the broth to a boil. Once the broth comes to a boil, add the escarole and the meatballs. Stir until completely mixed. Cut the chicken into bite sized pieces and add to the soup. Bring soup back to a boil. In a bowl, mix together the eggs and cheese with a wire whisk. Slowly stir the eggcheese mixture into the boiling soup. Reseason if necessary. Cover the pot and remove from the heat. Let it sit for 15 minutes prior to serving., ingredients: [8 pounds escarole, chopped, 1 pound ground beef, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons Locatelli cheese, 14 cup bread crumbs, 1 egg, 3 chicken breasts, split into 6 pieces, 3 stalks celery, 4 carrots, peeled, 1 dozen large eggs, 4 to 5 ounces Locatelli cheese, Salt, Black pepper], title: Escarole Soup, picturelink: null}, 31299: {instructions: To make the ketchup: Place a rack about 4 inches from the broiler element and preheat. Arrange the tomatoes on a foillined baking sheet. Broil the tomatoes, turning occasionally, until blackened all over. Set aside to cool slightly. Core and roughly chop the tomatoes with their skins.nHeat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, chipotles, cinnamon, allspice, and clove and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the vinegar and brown sugar and cook, stirring, until the liquid is slightly syrupy. Add the chopped tomatoes and salt and season with pepper, to taste. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 15 minutes.nPass the ketchup through a food mill, discard the seeds and skins. Return the ketchup to the saucepan and place over medium heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching, until very thick, about 15 minutes. Store in the refrigerator at least 3 hours or overnight for the flavors to come together.nTo make the potato skins: Place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes all over with a fork. Bake the potatoes on the rack until tender, about 55 minutes. Set the potatoes aside to cool, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the garlic cloves and olive oil in a small saucepan and place over medium heat. Cook until the garlic sizzles, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat and cook until the garlic is tender, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Remove the garlic and reserve.nRaise the oven to 500 degrees F. Halve the potatoes lengthwise and gently scoop out the flesh, leaving about 14 inch of the flesh intact. Reserve the potato flesh for other recipes See Cooks Note.nCut the potato halves in half lengthwise and transfer them to a baking sheet. Pour the garlic oil over the potato skins and turn them until completely coated. Arrange the potato skins skinside down and bake until crispy, turning once, about 15 minutes.nSeason skins with salt, to taste. Transfer the skins to a serving platter and serve with the ketchup. For an extra garlicky punch, chop up the reserved garlic and sprinkle it over the skins.nCooks Note: Dont throw away that leftover potato flesh Use it as thickener for soups or stews, make crispy potato cakes, or whip up a batch of impromptu croquettes.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 12 pounds ripe tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 canned chipotle chiles en adobo with the sauce that clings to them, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch ground clove, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium russet potatoes about 2 pounds, scrubbed, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Crispy Garlic Potato Skins with Spicy Roasted Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 31300: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the meatballs: In a large bowl, combine the Parmesan, bread crumbs, onion powder, sage, salt, a few grinds of black pepper, to taste, and parsley. Add the ground round, pork, eggs, and garlic and gently combine. Form into 8 equalsized meatballs.nIn a 10inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the vegetable oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the meatballs and sear until light golden on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast until cooked through, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: In a large saucepan over medium heat, add the oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic, a pinch of salt, and a few grinds of black pepper, to taste. Saute until tender, then add the oregano, cayenne pepper, crushed tomatoes, and hot sauce. Taste and add sugar, if needed. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Bring the sauce to a simmer, and cook for about 20 minutes more.nTaste the sauce and adjust seasoning, if necessary. Serve the cooked pasta with sauce and meatballs, divided among serving plates with 2 meatballs per serving. Garnish with Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup plain bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dry rubbed sage, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 pound ground beef round, 1 pound ground pork, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 teaspoon sugar, optional, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked al dente, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Sunnys Spicy Spaghetti with Mega Meatballs, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 31301: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nPut lump crab meat in a bowl but do not shred. Add 1 tablespoon lime juice and toss to combine.nIn a small bowl whisk together remaining tablespoon lime juice, mayonnaise, and mustard until smooth. Pour sauce over crab and toss to coat. Season crab mixture with salt and pepper and chill, covered, 30 minutes.nLightly toast brioche and with a 3 14inch round cutter cut out rounds. Lightly butter toast. Spoon one fourth crab mixture into a 12cup measure. Holding a toast round on top of mixture in measure, invert crab onto round and set on an ungreased baking sheet. Repeat procedure with remaining crab mixture and rounds and sprinkle 1 tablespoon Parmesan over each sandwich. Broil sandwiches about 3 inches from heat until cheese is melted and golden, 1 to 2 minutes.nServe sandwiches with lime wedges and garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 pound fresh lump crab meat, picked over, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Creole mustard, 4 1inchthick slices brioche, Unsalted butter, softened, if desired, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Accompaniment: lime wedges, Garnish: chopped fresh chives], title: Crab Melt Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 31302: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the bread, stir together the butter, mashed garlic, and herbs in a smallnbowl and season with salt and pepper. Tear open the loaf of breadnlengthwise, spread the herbgarlic mixture over both halves and sprinkle with a little olive oil. Bake for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick butter 12 cup, at room temperature, 2 garlic cloves, mashed to a paste with a pinch of salt and extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf crusty baguette, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Herbed Garlic Bread, picturelink: EbZU.Fr9Vy2P4IUrJZLrUb4A75CDXhq}, 31303: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken thighs with salt and pepper and dredge in flour. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter with the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chicken until crisp, and then remove from the pan. Add the ginger, garlic, onions and chiles and sprinkle with some salt. Stir in the ras el hanout, cardamom, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg, and cook until the vegetables are tender, 10 to 12 minutes.nPour in 2 cups of the stock along with the squash and tomatoes and simmer 15 minutes. Return the chicken to the pot and simmer to cook through, 10 minutes longer, and then wilt in the spinach. Cool and store for a makeahead meal, preparing the rice as the chicken reheats over medium heat.nCook the lentils in boiling salted water until tender, 7 to 10 minutes for red lentils, 15 minutes for brown. Drain and reserve. Meanwhile, bring the remaining 1 cup stock, 34 cup water and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter to a boil in another small saucepot. Add the rice and bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, 16 to 18 minutes. Fluff with a fork, and then combine with the lentils, pomegranate, scallions, cilantro and mint and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [8 bonein skinless chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh gingerroot, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 medium or 1 large onion, chopped, 1 fresh red chile, such as finger pepper or Fresno chile, chopped, 2 round tablespoons ras el hanout, 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 medium butternut squash, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes1 bunch spinach leaves about 3 cups, 12 cup red or brown lentils, 1 cup longgrain rice, 1 cup pomegranate seeds, for serving, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, for serving, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, for serving], title: EightSpice Squash and Chicken Thighs Stew with Lentil Rice, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 31304: {instructions: Pour vodka over a couple of ice cubes in a cocktail glass. Add ginger beer, garnish with a cherry, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vanilla flavored vodka, 4 ounces ginger beer, Various garnishes, Ice], title: Gingerbread Man, picturelink: null}, 31305: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the eggplant lengthwise, lightly brush the bottoms with olive oil so it wont stick to the pan. Lay, cutside down on a baking sheet, and bake until completely soft, about 25 minutes.nWhen the eggplant is done, scoop the flesh out into a bowl and beat smooth with a fork. Add the garlic and cumin, to taste. Then stir through the confetti of red pepper and the fresh mint leaves. Stir in the remaining olive oil. Serve the mixture spooned onto crackers or thin croutes., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 12 red pepper, very finely diced, About 10 fresh mint leaves, shredded], title: Aubergine Caviar, picturelink: null}, 31306: {instructions: In a metal cocktail shaker, combine the egg white, pisco, Guava Syrup, lime juice, herbal liqueur and 1 dash bitters. Cap the shaker, creating a solid seal, and shake vigorously to emulsify the egg white. Uncap the shaker and fill with ice cubes. Cap the shaker again and shake vigorously to chill.nPour the club soda into a chilled 7ounce fizz glass. Strain the shaker contents into the glass. Garnish with 1 dash bitters on top of the drink. Drink quickly before separation occurs.nIn small skillet, bring the sugar and 14 cup water to a boil. Stir until dissolved. Cool to room temperature. Stir in the guava puree and a splash of rum. Seal and store what is not used in the refrigerator for up to a week., ingredients: [1 medium egg white, 1 12 ounces pisco recommended: Campo de Encanto Pisco, or a pisco with spicy notes, 34 ounce Guava Syrup, recipe follows, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 12 ounce yellow French herbal liqueur recommended: Yellow Chartreuse, 2 dashes bitters recommended: Peychauds, Ice cubes, for shaking, 12 ounce chilled club soda, 14 cup 100 percent raw turbinado sugar, 12 guava puree, Splash overproof rum recommended: Bacardi Rum 151], title: Guavacita, picturelink: null}, 31307: {instructions: Begin by poaching the chicken. Put the chicken in a large stockpot and cover with 1 gallon of cool water. Add the vegetables and herbs and bring the pot up to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Skim well then simmer, uncovered, for 45 minutes, skimming frequently as the oil rises to the surface. When done, remove to a platter and set aside to cool. Strain the liquid and reserve it for use as chicken stock. Shred the chicken meat and discard the skin and bones.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nRoughly chop the walnuts and then gently toast in a dry skillet over medium heat until they brown and are slightly fragrant. Season walnuts with salt once they are finished toasting. Add the walnuts, mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice, celery, parsley, olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large mixing bowl and combine. Fold in the shredded chicken and set aside while you prepare the bread.nToast the bread in a hot oven until golden. Smear each piece with a little butter and then a tablespoon of cranberry sauce over 4 of the pieces. Lay the 4 cranberrysmeared pieces out on a sheet tray and top each piece with 2 to 3 slices of thickcut brie. Pop this back in the oven for a minute or 2 so the cheese is slightly melted and creamy. Remove from the oven and top with a few slices of green apple. Top with a scoop of the chicken salad and cover with the other half of the bread to complete the sandwich. Serve., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound whole chicken, 1 gallon water, 2 carrots, cut in 2inch pieces, 3 celery stalks, cut in 2inch pieces, 1 onion, halved, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, 2 turnips, halved, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 10 peppercorns, 3 bay leaves, 12 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, Kosher salt, About 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 celery stalks, small diced, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves plus sprigs, for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded chicken meat, roughly chopped, 8 slices sourdough bread, cut 12inch thick, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup cranberry sauce, 12 pound brie, 1 green apple, thinly sliced], title: Chicken Salad and Cranberry Brie Toast, picturelink: null}, 31308: {instructions: Special equipment: Large Skillet Baking Sheet  Parchment Paper Food Processor Grater Zester Rolling Pin Peeler Knife for slicing Cutting Board strong Measuring Spoons  Cups Mixing Bowl Whisk Plastic Wrap Pastry Brush Pie PlatenDough: Pulse flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add shortening and butter and pulse until it resembles lumpy cornmeal. Beat egg and water together and pulse 23 times. Remove blade and bring dough together by hand. Divide in half, shape each into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 hour.nFilling: Add lemon zest and juice to a large bowl. Peel, core and cut apples into eighths. Toss with lemon, sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg.nMelt butter in large skillet over high heat. Add apples and cook, stirring until sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Cover, reduce heat to medium and cook until apples are soft and juicy, 15 minutes. Add vanilla, sprinkle flour over fruit and mix evenly. Cool.nRoll each dough disk on a lightly floured workspace into a 12in. circle. Layer doughs between parchment paper refrigerate 15 minutes.nHeat oven to 425 degrees F. Line 9in. pie pan with 1 dough trim so there is about 12 in. over edge. Mound filling slightly in center. Brush rim with some egg. Place other dough on top and trim as needed. Fold top dough under edge of the layer of bottom crust press and flute to seal. Refrigerate 20 minutes.nBrush pie with egg and sprinkle with sugar. Cut 6 small slits in top. Bake pie on baking sheet for 15 minutes, then reduce temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake until crust is golden brown, 50 minutes more. Serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup shortening, 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 large egg, 14 cup very cold water, 1 lemon, zest finely grated and juiced, 3 pounds baking apples, 23 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Freshly grated nutmeg, 14 cup unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 23 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 31309: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPeel squash with a vegetable peeler. Slice the ends off the squash, and then cut it in half widthwise. Cut the round bottom piece in half lengthwise and scoop out the seeds.nUsing a crinkle cutter or a knife, carefully cut squash into spears or Frenchfry shapes. Thoroughly blot moisture away with paper towels, and sprinkle evenly with salt.nSpray a broiler pan, a baking rack placed over a baking sheet, or a baking sheet with nonstick spray, and then place spears flat on it.nBake in the oven 20 minutes, and then carefully flip spears. Continue to bake until tender on the inside and crispy on the outside, about 20 minutes longer.nServe with ketchup for dipping, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 butternut squash large enough to yield 1 pound once peeled and sliced, 18 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more, optional, Ketchup, as dip, optional], title: Baketastic Butternut Squash Fries, picturelink: tqR54t2g8L5saUkwafg7c0f4v6Rvnd6}, 31310: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the mango, cucumber, jalapeno, red onion, lime juice and cilantro leaves and mix well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 mango, peeled and diced, 12 cup peeled, diced cucumber, 1 tablespoon finely chopped jalapeno, 13 cup diced red onion, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 13 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Mango Salsa, picturelink: CZSqJW2kweuS3Eec7j0qyQQ48h3nvaO}, 31311: {instructions: Heat butter and oil in a large saucepan. Saute onion until translucent, and then add the garlic and spices. Add rice and cover with broth. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes.nRemove rice mixture from the pan, place in a large bowl with crawfish and goat cheese. Add cilantro and lemon zest and incorporate all ingredients gently with a wooden spoon.nFill the poblanos with the filling, trying not to break chile apart. Serve with Goat Cheese Sauce.nHeat on low whisking constantly until comes together and coats the back of a spoon. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup converted rice, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup cooked and deveined crawfish, shrimp are ok, if crawfish are unavailable, 12 cup goat cheese, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 1 lemon, zested, 4 fresh poblanos, roasted on the grill or fire, peeled, seeded, Goat Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup soft goat cheese, 1 cup heavy cream or milk], title: Crawfish and Dirty Rice, picturelink: null}, 31312: {instructions: Melt the butter and sugar in a large skillet over medium heat and add the salt. Add the almonds, cashews, peanuts, pecans, chili powder, cinnamon, cumin and cayenne. Cook until the sugar is melted and the nuts are fragrant, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the rosemary and toss. Immediately spread the nut mixture on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Cool completely, and then serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup blanched whole almonds, 12 cup whole cashews, 12 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts, 12 cup whole pecans, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, roughly chopped], title: Sweet, Spicy and Salty Candied Nut Mix, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 31313: {instructions: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the confectioners sugar and mix. Add the eggs and mix. Add the flour and mix until almost incorporated. Add the hazelnuts and mix just until smooth, being careful not to over mix the dough.nForm the dough into 2 disks and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill at least 2 hours or overnight. If the dough is refrigerated overnight, remove it from the refrigerator 30 minutes before using. Roll out both disks, cut them out a little bigger than the size of your individual baking dishes, and chill while you make the filling.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Drain the cherry juices into a medium saucepan you should have about a cup of juice. Add the cornstarch, sugar, ginger, if using, and lemon juice, and bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the cornstarch. When thickened, turn off the heat, stir in the cherries, and set aside to cool slightly.nDivide the cherry filling among the baking dishes. Carefully place the rolledout crusts on top. To decorate them, brush the surface of the crust with milk, sprinkle lightly with sugar and use a sharp small knife to make a cross hatching pattern, cutting one vent hole in the center. You may also cut out strips from the leftover dough, and make designs or cherries from it, and adhere them to the top with a little water. Then wash with milk and sprinkle with sugar.nPlace the pies on a sheet pan to catch any juices that boil over. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the juices are bubbling at the vents, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups 2 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 eggs, 3 14 cups flour, 12 cup finely ground peeled and toasted hazelnuts, 2 12 pounds fresh or thawed frozen cherries or 2 16ounce cans pie cherries, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, optional, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 6 large ramekins or oven proof individual baking dishes, 8 to 12ounce capacity, Rolling pin, Large round cutter, diameter of outside of ramekins, can use ramekins as guide], title: Deep Dish Cherry Pie with Hazelnut Crust, picturelink: null}, 31314: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs, sugar, lemon juice and heavy cream together in a bowl. Strain and skim any foam.nPour into prebaked pie shells, and bake for about 15 to 20 minutes, or until the filling just sets, and center jiggles. Cool completely., ingredients: [4 whole eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 prebaked piecrusts], title: Lemon Pie, picturelink: null}, 31315: {instructions: Place marinade ingredients in a blender or food processor process until blended. Place steaks in a large resealable plastic bag. Pour marinade over steaks and turn to coat. Seal bag and marinate steaks in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nRemove steaks from marinade discard marinade. Place steaks on grill over medium, ashcovered coals. Grill steaks, covered, 10 to 14 minutes for medium rare to medium doneness, turning occasionally. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMeanwhile, heat cheese in small saucepan over mediumlow heat until melted, stirring frequently, about 2 to 4 minutes. Serve steaks with cheese sauce., ingredients: [23 cup prepared balsamic vinaigrette, 14 cup fig preserves or chopped dried figs, 4 beef shoulder top blade flat iron steaks 6 to 8 ounces each or boneless beef chuck eye steaks, cut 1inch thick, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 package 5.2 ounces herb and garlic soft spreadable cheese], title: Grilled Steaks Balsamico, picturelink: null}, 31316: {instructions: For the mustard: In a medium saucepan add 12 to 1 cup water, the vinegar, mustard seeds and garlic. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook at a simmer for 30 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and, while still hot, mix in the wholegrain mustard, honey, mustard, horseradish, sugar, salt and cayenne. Refrigerate until cool.nFor the boudin: Heat a grill pan or heavybottomed skillet set over high heat. Brush the pan with the oil and add the boudin. Cook, turning occasionally, until crispy and golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve with the Creole mustard and some crackers., ingredients: [1 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 cup whole yellow mustard seeds, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 23 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Pinch cayenne, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 pound boudin sausages about 4 links, Crackers, for serving], title: Grilled Boudin and Creole Mustard, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 31317: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add spaghetti and cook until al dente. Drain and set aside in a large bowlnSet a large saute pan over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. In a shallow bowl combine the flour and salt and pepper, to taste. Lightly coat cutlets in the flour. Beat eggs in a bowl with 1 tablespoon of water and season with salt and pepper. Dip cutlets in egg wash and then place straight into the hot pan. Cook the veal about 2 minutes per side until golden brown. Set veal cutlets aside on a plate. Deglaze pan with white wine and reduce by half. Add lemon juice, capers, and half the parsley, then add 2 tablespoons butter as you whisk to thicken up the sauce. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed..nToss the pasta with the remaining butter and season with salt and grated Parmesan, to taste.nServe the pasta on plates topped with the veal. Drizzle with caper sauce and garnish with the remaining parsley., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, storebought, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, beaten, 4 8ounce veal cutlets, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons capers, washed and drained, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Grated parmesan, for garnish], title: The Ultimate Veal Piccata, picturelink: null}, 31318: {instructions: Dip cupcake top into the icing let excess to drip back into bowl. Place cupcake on a rack over paper towels to catch any drips. Top with a small mound coconut grass. Place malted milk eggs on top.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup cupcake tins with paper liners. To avoid cupcakes sticking if they overflow slightly, lightly spray the tops of the pans. Put tins on a baking sheet. Set aside.nProcess sugar and butter in a food processor until very creamy, scraping sides as needed, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs and yolks, one at a time, pulsing after each addition. Add the milk, water, and vanilla and process to blend.nWhisk both flours, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the dry ingredients, in 3 batches to the wet, pulsing, and then scraping batter off the sides of the processor as needed after each addition. Process until the batter is very smooth and pourable like pancake batter, about 2 minutes.nEvenly pour the batter into the prepared cups, filling them 34 of the way full. Bake until the cakes are just firm and spring back when gently pressed, and the tops are golden, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly in tin, and turn out of tin when cool enough to handle. Cool cupcakes completely on a rack before frosting.nPut the sugar in an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. With the mixer on the lowest speed, slowly add the water, the corn syrup and vanilla extract. When the sugar is sufficiently moistened it wont fly out of the mixer, raise the speed to high, and beat for 2 minutes until completely smooth and glossy.nDivide and color, as desired. Store at room temperature, covered with plastic wrap directly on the surface of the icing, to prevent forming a skin.nFor cupcakes: Dip the surface of the cupcake into the icing, allowing excess to drip into bowl. Clean any excess from the sides. Alternately, use a knife or a spreader to apply. Whisk as needed to keep icing glossy and smooth while using.nFor Light Blue Icing: Combine 2 to 3 drops of blue food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nFor Deep Yellow Icing: Combine 4 to 5 drops of yellow food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nFor Purple Icing: Combine 4 drops of red and 5 drops of blue food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing., ingredients: [1 vanilla cupcake, recipe follows, Basic Glaze Icing, tinted light blue, Green coconut grass, 3 large about 34 to 1inch pastel malted milk eggs, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup milk, 23 cup water, 2 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups cake flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 1 pound boxes confectioners sugar, 1 cup water, 5 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Food coloring, as desired see suggested colors below], title: Robins Egg Easter Basket Cupcake, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 31319: {instructions: Pat the chicken thighs dry, and season with salt and pepper.nHeat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the chicken and brown on both sides in 2 batches.nRemove the chicken to a plate and spoon out 12 the drippings, and add the andouille sausage. Brown for 2 minutes and then add the onion, celery, pepper, garlic, and thyme, and cook to soften, for about 10 minutes over medium heat.nAdd the flour, stir 1 to 2 minutes, and then pour in the beer and let the foam subside. Stir in the tomatoes, stock, and hot sauce. Let the sauce thicken a bit, and then slide the chicken into the pot and simmer to cook through. Serve with warm crusty bread, or cool and store for makeahead meal., ingredients: [8 pieces bonein, skinon chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 link andouille sausage, casing removed and chopped, or 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 rounded tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12ounce bottle lager beer, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes with chiles or stewed tomatoes, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, for garnish, Warm baguette, for mopping], title: BeerBraised Chicken Thighs, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 31320: {instructions: Brush peppers with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill. Grill sausage until cooked through., ingredients: [5 red bell peppers, quartered, seeded, 5 yellow bell peppers, quartered, seeded, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 pounds link hot Italian sausage, 3 pounds link sweet Italian sausage], title: Sausage and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 31321: {instructions: Sift flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add oil and enough water until a dough forms, not too dry. Allow the dough to rest for 30 minutes, cut dough into 8 equal pieces, and form balls. Allow dough to rest for 2 minutes. Roll dough out on floured board until it measures 6 to 8inch disks.nHeat a griddle over medium heat, when hot brush the griddle with oil. Brush the roti disks with oil on both sides, place on castiron hot griddle, and cook until top starts to blister. Flip roti and cook for 1 minute more. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 13 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup water], title: Flatbread: Roti, picturelink: null}, 31322: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together soy sauce, vinegar, corn syrup, hot sauce, and pepper. Add steak, bell peppers and onion and toss to coat. Cook immediately or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate up to 24 hours.nSet a large nonstick skillet or stovetop grill pan over medium heat. Spray with cooking spray and add steak and vegetables, with the marinade. Saute 5 to 7 minutes, until vegetables are tendercrisp. Transfer mixture to a serving platter.nMeanwhile, warm tortillas in the microwave or according to package directions.nTo make the guacamole, in a ziptop bag or medium bowl, mash avocado lightly. Then add tomato, garlic, lime juice and cilantro and combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nServe fajitas with guacamole on the side., ingredients: [14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon hot sauce or more to taste, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 ounces leftover flank steak slices, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 8 tortillas, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled and pitted, 12 cup diced canned tomato, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large or 2 small limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons torn or chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt], title: Steak Fajitas with Fresh Guacamole, picturelink: zaV3DtSRclU5O6F2B44CZuhS5O6NK}, 31323: {instructions: Soak the Chinese mushrooms in hot water until soft, about 5 minutes. Then finely chop.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick pan and cook the onion for a few minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the ground chicken and cook for 4 to 6 minutes, mixing the meat with the other ingredients as it cooks, so it breaks up into little pieces. Add the mirin or wine followed by the sesame oil, sesame seeds, oyster sauce, soy sauce, water chestnuts and garlic. Cook for a few minutes and let the mixture caramelize. Add the spring onions and remove from the heat. Spread a bit of plum sauce on the inside of each radicchio leaf. Then top with a spoonful of the chicken mixture., ingredients: [6 large dried Chinese mushrooms, Drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, 12 large onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 pounds lean ground chicken, 3 tablespoons mirin or white wine, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, One 8ounce can water chestnuts, chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed, 6 spring onions scallions, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons plum sauce, 2 to 3 heads radicchio, leaves separated], title: Chicken Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 31324: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag and pasta rollernFor the pasta dough: Whisk the 00 or allpurpose flour and the semolina flour in the bowl of a stand mixer to combine. Make a well in the center.nCombine the whole eggs, yolks, milk and olive oil in a small bowl and pour it into the well. Using the dough hook, mix on low speed until the dough just starts to come together, then increase the speed to medium and mix for 5 minutes.nLightly flour your work surface and turn the dough onto it. Knead the dough by hand until it is smooth and elastic, and springs back when you press it with your finger, about 10 minutes. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the filling: Combine the ricotta, mascarpone and Parmesan in a small bowl. Put the mixture in a pastry bag and refrigerate until needed.nFor the ragu: Put the beef stock, red wine and porcinis in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat and let the mixture simmer.nHeat the olive oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, hot and sweet Italian sausages and prosciutto and cook, breaking up the beef and sausage with a whisk, until well browned, about 10 minutes. Season with some salt and pepper.nStir the tomato paste into the meat, then stir in the rosemary, thyme, garlic, bay leaves and onions and cook, stirring, until the onions soften slightly, about 5 minutes.nStrain the beef stock mixture into the meat. Add the tomatoes and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat so the mixture simmers and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 45 minutes. Add the cream and continue to simmer another 15 minutes or so. Stir in the parsley. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary.nTo fill and finish the agnolotti: Cut the dough into 4 pieces. Set a pasta roller at the widest setting.nPass the first piece of dough through the roller, fold it in half and run it through again. Fold the dough in half again, dust it with flour, and run it through the roller again. Reduce the width setting on the roller and run the dough through. Continue to run the dough through, reducing the width with each pass, until the pasta is thin enough so that you can see the shadow of your hand through the other side. Lightly flour your work surface and lay the pasta sheet on top.nPipe 1 teaspoon of filling about 1 inch from the edge. Continue to pipe additional teaspoons of filling 1 inch apart, from one end to the other. Fold the dough over so that it extends about an inch past the filling it wonu00bft extend to the opposite edge, press to seal the long edge and then trim the excess dough from the sealed side. With your fingers perpendicular to the table, pinch between the mounds to seal the filling in. Then use the cutter to cut between each mound, through the pinch, creating little purses. Dust the finished agnolotti with flour. Refrigerate until ready to cook. Repeat the process with the 3 remaining pieces of dough and the filling.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the agnolotti, stir and, when they float to the surface, leave them in the water for an additional minute. Use a spider or slotted spoon to transfer the agnolotti to a large bowl. Ladle over some ragu, toss, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups 00 or allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 cups fine semolina flour, 2 whole large eggs plus 5 large yolks, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup beef stock, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup dry porcini mushrooms, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces ground beef, 4 ounces loose hot Italian sausage, 4 ounces loose sweet Italian sausage, 14 cup chopped prosciutto, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 1 onion, cut into small dice, 4 cups crushed tomatoes, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Agnolotti Bolognese, picturelink: uPFsLVX8dyet6BKapq8FZLPwmRLKNn2}, 31325: {instructions: Toppings: Crab salad, cayenne pepper and paprikanHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 20 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Deviled Crab Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 31326: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine water and salt in a large pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Meanwhile, rinse the quinoa. Add the quinoa and stir briefly. When it returns to a boil, reduce the heat to low and simmer gently until quinoa absorbs the liquid and grains are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes.nWhen quinoa is ready, stir in remaining ingredients until well combined. Taste, adjust seasoning, as needed, and serve., ingredients: [4 cups water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups quinoa, 12 medium English cucumber, halved lengthwise, small dice about 1 14 cups, 12 medium red bell pepper, small dice about 23 cup, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: CucumberBell Pepper Quinoa, picturelink: 68rsbRVPX3zyoqkpJCThiceuzVPjbw.}, 31327: {instructions: Pour coconut rum into a 10ounce rocks glass over ice. Add pineapple juice to fill. Stir and serve with a short straw., ingredients: [1 14 ounces coconut rum recommended: Malibu Rum, Ice, Pineapple juice, to fill], title: Malibu and Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 31328: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCocoa Bar Suggestions:nCinnamon sticks, candied orange zest, caramel, whipped cream, almond milk, marshmallows, mint chocolate bars, shaved chocolate, Nutella, peppermints, crystallized ginger and chipotle pepper powdernWhisk together the confectioners sugar, cocoa powder, cornstarch and salt in a saucepan one with a spout if you have one. Make sure to mix it really well. Whisk the milk in slowly, you dont want any lumps. Add the vanilla seeds and pod. Place over medium heat and bring to a slight simmer. Cook until thickened, about 5 minutes.nRemove the vanilla bean and stir in the milk chocolate morsels until melted. Keep warm until serving.nCocoa Bar Setup: Arrange or display all the various flavorings your guests will enjoy. If you know your guests will want to try multiple combinations, have espresso cups available, so the hot cocoa will last longer and guest wont feel so bad trying multiple cups., ingredients: [1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 6 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 2 cups milk chocolate morsels about 12 ounces], title: Hot Cocoa Bar, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 31329: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, blend the watermelon, pineapple juice, ginger ale, lime juice, and grenadine until smooth. Pour into an ice cream maker and freeze, according to the manufacturers instructions, for about 35 minutes.nSpoon into glasses or small bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 2pound piece seedless watermelon, rind removed and flesh cut into 1inch pieces to yield about 3 12 cups, 1 6ounce can pineapple juice, chilled, 34 cup ginger ale, chilled, 13 cup fresh lime juice from about 3 large limes, 12 cup grenadine recommended: Roses], title: Tropical Watermelon Sorbet, picturelink: fm2jQqprFKvTVbcGRcY.2lrhUMVgi}, 31330: {instructions: Brown the beef in the pressure cooker over high heat, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain off any fat. Add the tomatoes, broth and barley and return to high heat. Close the pressure cooker and bring to up to full pressure. Reduce the heat until the cooker barley hisses, and cook for 10 minutes.nRelease the pressure using the cookers release device read the manual, or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 30 seconds. Open carefully, remove the lid and add the vegetables, herbs, salt and pepper.nPut the lid back on the pressure cooker and heat to full pressure over high heat. Reduce the heat to maintain pressure and cook another 10 minutes. Release the pressure as above. Remove the lid and cool for 5 minutes, and then serve with vinegar.nPlace the pressure cooker over high heat. Oil and salt the oxtail and shank pieces then sear in batches. Add the remaining ingredients and cover with water, being careful not to fill above the cookers maximum fill line. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that gathers at the surface. Cover and lock the lid. Once the pressure builds up inside the cooker, reduce the heat so that you barely hear hissing from the pot. Cook for 50 minutes.nRelease the pressure using your cookers release device read the manual, or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 30 seconds. Carefully open the lid and strain , squeezing the solids before feeding to the compost pile or the dogs. Strain through a fine sieve or several layers of cheesecloth. Season and serve or use as a base for other soup recipes., ingredients: [1 pound stew beef, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 3 cups ABs Beefy Broth, recipe follows, 12 cup pearl barley, 3 large carrots, peeled, halved and cut into 12inch slices, 2 stalks celery, cut into 12inch slices, 1 large russet potato, peeled and diced, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Malt, balsamic or sherry vinegar, for serving, Vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, 3 pounds combined beef shank and oxtail pieces, 2 onions, quartered, 2 ribs celery, halved, 2 carrots, halved, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 quarts water], title: Beef and Barley Stew, picturelink: null}, 31331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the creme fraiche, mustard, vinegar and honey. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn a straightsided shallow saute pan, heat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the Brussels sprouts they should begin to sizzle and fry immediately. Continue to cook, rotating the Brussels sprouts on all sides, until crispy, about 5 minutes.nDrain the Brussels sprouts and toss in enough vinaigrette to dress them. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [23 cup creme fraiche, 13 cup wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 4 cups sliced Brussels sprouts quartered or cut into sixths, depending on size], title: Fried Brussels Sprouts with Creamy Mustard and Cider Dressing, picturelink: 8wyXVeTHIplC2R9k5X522aYL6Pr2lwW}, 31332: {instructions: Slice cake into 14inch thick slices. Spread jam on the cake slices and then top with sliced strawberries. Cut cake slices into 1inch circles and stars and set aside.nSeparate the frosting into 3 bowls and add food coloring to reach desired colors 1 to 2 drops of red to make pink, 1 to 2 drops of green to make seafoam and 1 to 2 drops of brown to make cream. Make a glaze by combining the sugar and milk in a medium bowl. Separate the glaze into 3 bowls and tint each to match the frosting colors.nPlace cake cutouts on a wire rack. Fill 3 resealable plastic bags fitted with a star tip with each color of frosting and then pipe desired frosting over. Using a melon baler, add a scoop of ice cream and then sandwich the cutouts. Drizzle glaze over cutouts. Let glaze set. Pipe a star on the top of each petit four with the corresponding color of icing. Garnish with a small strawberry slice., ingredients: [1 storebought pound cake, 1 small jar seedless strawberry jam, 1 pint strawberries, sliced, 1 1pound container vanilla frosting, Red, green, and brown food coloring, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk, Ice cream any flavor you desire, frozen hard], title: Cake Petit Fours, picturelink: null}, 31333: {instructions: Soak 10 10inch wooden skewers in water set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. Add the onions, and return to the boil. Cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Remove the onions to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process.nRemove the skewers from the water. Skewer the onions horizontally not through the root end, fitting about 8 onions on each skewer.nPlace on the heated grill and cook over low heat until brown and caramelized, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds about 75 cippolini onions, peeled and trimmed], title: Cippollini Onion Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 31334: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, oil and salt and pepper together in a bowl with a tight fitting lid, then add the green beans, garbanzo beans, red kidney beans, and onion and seal with the lid. Shake gently to coat the beans. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and then refrigerate overnight.nStir in bell pepper, cucumber, mint, and parsley and gently fold in tomatoes, reserving some for the presentation. Transfer to a serving dish, arrange remaining tomatoes on top and garnish with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup grapeseed oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, steamed and cooled, 1 12 cups canned garbanzo beans, drained, 1 12 cups canned dark red kidney beans, drained, 1 red onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced, 1 English cucumber, peeled and sliced in quarters lengthwise and each quarter sliced into 13inch pieces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, plus some small sprigs for garnish, 12 cup grape tomatoes, sliced in 12 lengthwise], title: Three Ring Salad, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 31335: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and heat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the chocolate into a medium bowl. Combine the cream and milk in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Let sit for 30 seconds or so to allow the chocolate to melt, then stir together until smooth.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, and vanilla paste. Slowly stream the egg mixture into the chocolate mixture, whisking constantly. Strain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a bowl or pitcher, then pour into six 4ounce ramekins or ceramic cups or bowls.nArrange the ramekins in a baking dish or pan and carefully add enough hot water to come about twothirds of the way up the sides of the ramekins. Carefully place the baking dish in the oven and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the baking dish from the oven and let the pots de creme sit in the hot water for 5 minutes. If they still appear very jiggly in the middle, let them sit for another 5 minutes in the hot water. You want the custards to be very firm around the edges and to barely move toward the center when gently shaken.nRemove the ramekins from the hot water and let cool in a cool area of the kitchen before serving, or chill to serve cold., ingredients: [6.5 ounces 72 percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 5 large egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste], title: Chocolate Pots de Creme, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 31336: {instructions: Prepare the muffins: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mist a 12cup muffin pan with cooking spray. Warm the cranberries and rum in a small saucepan over medium heat, then remove from the heat and let steep 5 minutes. Drain.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, brown sugar and salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk the butter, eggnog, eggs and vanilla in another bowl. Gently fold into the flour mixture. The batter will be lumpy do not overmix. Fold in the cranberries. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups.nMake the topping: Mix the flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, butter, salt and brown sugar in a bowl with your fingertips until it looks like wet sand. Sprinkle generously over the batter.nBake until the muffins are golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly in the pan, then carefully remove to a rack.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup dried cranberries, roughly chopped, 12 cup rum or apple juice, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups eggnog, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups packed light brown sugar], title: CranberryEggnog Muffins, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 31337: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nBring the milk, cream cheese and Parmesan to a simmer in a large saucepan, whisking vigorously until the cream cheese is dissolved and the sauce is thick, about 5 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Stir in the peas, remove from the heat, and stir in the ham.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to package directions. Drain the pasta and toss with the sauce. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle with additional Parmesan, and serve hot.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 12 cups milk, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 2 cups frozen peas, thawed, 1 cup diced ham, Two 9ounce packages cheese tortellini], title: Tortellini with Cream Cheese Alfredo and Peas, picturelink: f3oOOuc2lEWGLmKi7nF5YfqXrhwyMK}, 31338: {instructions: Grate 2 tablespoons of zest from the lemons and squeeze out 14 cup of juice. Add the zest and juice to a food processor or blender along with the cilantro, parsley, mint, garlic, salt, red pepper flakes, and olive oil. Pulse to blend the ingredients. If the sauce is too thick, add more oil and lemon juice. The sauce should be just thin enough to pour. Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl and serve with empanadas., ingredients: [2 lemons, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves roughly chopped, about 1 cup, 1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves roughly chopped, about 34 cup, 1 bunch fresh mint, leaves roughly chopped, about 34 cup, 6 cloves garlic, Pinch kosher salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 12 cup light olive oil], title: Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 31339: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill for very high heat.nTap any open clams if they stay open, throw them out. Place the closed clams on the grill grate. Grill, covered, until the clams open, about 2 minutes. Carefully transfer all the opened clams to a bowl throw out any clams that remain closed. Be careful not to lose any of the liquid in the shellsthats where the flavor is., ingredients: [2 pounds littleneck or cherrystone clams, cleaned], title: Easy Grilled Clams, picturelink: FIVAWPBDlsujkoACOZkEAN7T1Er9RC}, 31340: {instructions: Place all ingredients into a shaker, shake. Pour over ice in a glass and garnish with a lime., ingredients: [1 14 oz. vodka, 34 oz. pomegranate liqueur, 12 cup sweet ice tea, 14 tsp. grated orange zest], title: Autumn Colors Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 31341: {instructions: In a bowl combine well the pork butt, the pork fat, the garlic paste and the spices.Chill the mixture, covered, overnight. Divide the mixture into 16 balls and flatten each ball into a 13inchthick patty. In a large skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it fry the patties in batches for 4 minutes on each side, or until they are golden brown and no longer pink within, and drain them on paper towels. Transfer the patties to a serving plate., ingredients: [1 pound coarsely ground fresh pork butt, chilled, 14 pound coarsely ground fresh pork fat available at butcher shops, chilled, 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon dried sage, 1 12 tablespoons fresh thyme, White pepper, Nutmeg,, Ginger, Cinnamon or Cloves, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Sausage Patties, picturelink: null}, 31342: {instructions: Special equipment: large deep fryernIn a small bowl proof yeast in lukewarm water and sugar for 15 minutes, or until it is foamy. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat 1 large egg with 13 cup sugar and 12 teaspoon salt until the mixture is thick and light, beat in the yeast mixture, lukewarm milk, and melted and cooled butter, and gradually add allpurpose flour, or enough to form a soft dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface for 5 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic, and form it into a ball. Put the dough in a buttered bowl, and let it rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 1 hour and 30 minutes, or until it is double in bulk. Punch down the dough and on a floured surface roll it out 13 inch thick. With a 212 inch cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. Gather the scraps into a ball, reroll the dough, and cut out doughnuts in the same manner. Transfer the doughnuts and holes with a spatula to a baking sheet sprinkled lightly with flour and let rise, uncovered, in a warm place for 30 minutes to 1 hour, or until they are double in height.nIn a large deep fryer heat 3 inches vegetable shortening or vegetable oil to 375 degrees and in it fry the doughnuts, 4 at a time, for 1 12 minutes on each side, or until they are golden brown and puffed, transferring them with a skimmer as they are fried to paper towels to drain. Fill a pastry bag with the creme filling and fill the warm doughnuts. Spread chocolate glaze on top of the doughnuts, and transfer them with tongs to a rack set over wax paper to dry.nCombine the milk and half the sugar in a nonreactive saucepan. Whisk once and place over medium heat to come to a boil. Meanwhile, whisk the yolks and salt in a bowl and whisk in the remaining sugar. Sift the flour over the yolks and mix in. When the milk boils, whisk a third of the boiled milk into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Pour the egg mixture back into the pot. Continue whisking until the cream thickens and comes to a boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla. Before chilling the pastry cream, recheck the recipe in which it is used for other ingredients to be added before the pastry cream is chilled. Pour the cream into a heatproof glass or stainlesssteel bowl or pan. Press plastic wrap directly against the surface of the cream. Chill immediately. Use the pastry cream by the end of the following day.nIn the top of a double boiler set over simmering water melt semisweet chocolate with unsalted butter. Stir in milk and vanilla and combine the mixture well. Add gradually sifted sugar, beating and beat the glaze until it is smooth., ingredients: [1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 12 cup lukewarm water, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 large egg, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil or vegetable shortening, 1 recipe Creme Filling see below, 1 recipe Chocolate Glaze see below, 1 cup milk, 13 cup sugar, 3 egg yolks, Pinch of salt, 2 12 tablespoons all  purpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups sifted confectioners sugar], title: Boston Creme Filled Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 31343: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in a food processor, blend until smooth. This will keep in an airtight container for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [4 fluid ounces 400 milliliters plain yogurt, 1 bunch fresh coriander leaves, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, 12 thumb sized piece of ginger, 2 green chillies, seeds removed, 12 lime, juiced, Salt], title: Coriander Dip, picturelink: null}, 31344: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and stir until sugar melts. Pour mixture into 9 by 13inch metal pan and place on level shelf in freezer for half an hour. Mixture should only come about 14inch up the side of the pan. Remove and use a dinner fork to scrape any ice crystals that have formed on the side or bottom of the pan. Return to freezer and repeat scraping every 20 to 30 minutes for 3 to 4 hours. Once mixture is thoroughly frozen, fluff with a fork and allow flakes to dry in freezer another half hour before serving. When served, the granita should look like a fluffy pile of dry brown crystals.nScoop into goblets and top with barely sweetened whipped cream, add additional citrus zest if desired., ingredients: [2 cups lukewarm espresso or strong black coffee, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur, 1 teaspoon orange or lemon zest], title: Coffee Granita, picturelink: null}, 31345: {instructions: From Food Network KitchensnPut the pomegranate juice and cider in a large nonreactive pot along with the dried fruits, orange zest, and spices. Warm gently over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 30 minutes. Take care not to let the mixture boil. Serve in clear mugs or glasses with spices and dried fruit, and add a splash of your favorite liquor., ingredients: [4 cups pomegranate juice, 3 cups cider, 6 dried pears, 6 dried apples, 2 to 3 strips orange zest, 5 cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 5 allspice berries, 1 star anise, Brandy, rum, vodka or port], title: Mulled PomApple Cider, picturelink: null}, 31346: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F line cupcake pans with 96 cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the pastry flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt and baking powder and set aside. Using an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth and creamy. Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until light and fluffy, scraping down the bowl well. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Alternately add the flour mixture and the coffee and milk, starting and ending with the flour. Scrape the bowl down completely.nSpoon the batter into the liners. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely before frosting.nFor the cherry compote: Put the cherries, kirsch, granulated sugar, orange zest and cinnamon sticks in a large saucepan and bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the cherries are softened and release their juices, about 30 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cherries to another bowl. Continue to simmer the juices in the pan until the mixture becomes thick and can coat the back of a spoon. Pour the thick syrup over the cherries and set aside to cool.nFor the mascarpone frosting: Using an electric mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream on medium speed until soft peaks form, being careful not to overwhip. In another bowl, mix together the mascarpone and confectioners sugar until smooth. Gently fold the whipped cream into the mascarpone mixture until incorporated.nTo assemble: Make a hole in the center of each cupcake using a cupcake corer or paring knife, making sure you dont go all the way to the bottom of the cupcake. Spoon 1 teaspoon of the cherry compote in the center of each cupcake, reserving some for garnish. Frost the cupcakes with the mascarpone frosting. Garnish with the reserved cherries., ingredients: [27 ounces pastry flour, 10 ounces unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 42 ounces granulated sugar, 8 eggs, 2 cups brewed coffee, 2 cups milk, 8 cups pitted fresh cherries or thawed frozen Bing cherries, 2 cups kirsch, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 pound mascarpone, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Black Forest Cupcake with Cherries, picturelink: null}, 31347: {instructions: For the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMix the breadcrumbs with the milk in a small bowl and rest for 5 minutes. In a large bowl, combine the breadcrumb mixture, the beef, feta, Parmesan, oregano, salt, pepper, garlic and eggs. Portion the meatballs into 3ounce balls 16 meatballs total, then roll in your hands and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the meatballs start to brown, 15 minutes.nFor the hero: Place the tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and parsley in a bowl. Drizzle the olive oil and lemon juice into the bowl and gently toss the vegetables to coat. Season the salad with salt and set aside.nSplit the hero rolls lengthwise threequarters of the way through one end should still be connected. Toast the inside of the rolls on a hot griddle. Place the cooked meatballs on the griddle to crisp the outside and heat through. Place 4 meatballs in a toasted hero roll, then dollop 2 ounces of the tzatziki over the top, and finish with some of the salad. Repeat for the remaining hero rolls, then serve., ingredients: [1 cup breadcrumbs, 1 cup milk, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 cup crumbled feta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 eggs, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 1 English cucumber, diced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt, 4 hero rolls, 8 ounces homemade or storebought tzatziki], title: Greek Meatball Hero, picturelink: MpImksyI0kvEn4gPXZgWpkgiblfSz2}, 31348: {instructions: For the duck: Score the fat side of the duck breast. Lightly cover the fat with some salt and refrigerate the breast overnight.nRoast the coriander and fennel seed, and then crush. Mix together with the sea salt, black pepper and orange zest. Brush the duck breast with some orange liqueur, and then pack the meat side with the herbzest mixture. Wrap and refrigerate until ready to cook.nFor the blood orange sauce: Combine the sugar, vinegar and shallots in a pot over mediumhigh heat and cook until reduced to a syrup. Add the orange liqueur to deglaze and continue cooking to reduce slightly. Add the duck stock and blood orange juice and continue simmering. Stir in the xanthan gum and simmer until thickened, and then season with salt and pepper. Strain the sauce and keep warm.nFor cooking the duck: Heat a castiron plancha, griddle or skillet to high heat. Sear the duck fatside down until crispy, about 12 minutes. Remove, brush off some of the herb zest mixture and continue to cook, meatside down until medium rare. Serve with the blood orange sauce., ingredients: [1 duck breast, 12 tablespoon sea salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon fennel seed, 12 tablespoon ground black pepper, Zest of 6 blood oranges, Orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, for brushing, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons minced shallots, Juice of 6 to 8 blood oranges 6 cups juice, 1 cup orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 1 cup duck stock, 1 teaspoon xanthan gum], title: Duck a la Plancha with Blood Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31349: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the noodles, stir, and cook until al dente, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water, shaking well to remove excess moisture, and transfer to a serving bowl.nWhisk together the sesame oil, garlic and salt and white pepper, to taste, until combined. Pour the mixture over the noodles and toss well to coat. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more salt and white pepper, if necessary. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 4 ounces very thin long wheatflour noodles longevity noodles, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 3 small cloves garlic, finely minced, Sea salt and ground white pepper], title: Longevity Noodles, picturelink: null}, 31350: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 170 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with 2 tablespoons olive oil.nPound the steaks to 12inch thickness over plastic wrap. Sprinkle each with salt and pepper and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until it reaches an internal temperature of 80 degrees F, about 10 minutes.nIn 2 large saute pans over mediumhigh heat, divide the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the bacon fat between the pans and heat until shimmering. Add 2 steaks to each pan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place the steaks onto a wire rack over a baking sheet. Top with fontina and then the prosciutto slices, evenly covering the cheese.nAdjust the oven to low broil and place the pan in the oven. Broil until the prosciutto is crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove and allow to rest 5 minutes, lightly covered with foil.nIn each saute pan, evenly divide the shallots and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Deglaze each with half the beef stock. Evenly divide the thyme and allow to reduce, 3 to 4 minutes. Combine the liquid into 1 pan, add the butter and adjust the seasoning, if desired.nServe the steaks drizzled with the pan sauce and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 34 to 1pound veal rib eye steaks, bone in 1 12 to 2 pounds total weight, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons fresh cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons bacon fat, 12 pound fontina, thinly sliced, 14 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced 3 to 4 slices, 12 cup finely diced shallots, 1 cup beef stock, best quality, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Pan Seared Veal Rib Eyes with Prosciutto and Fontina, picturelink: XA001etCousolASI9.QRAv43.QOTeUa}, 31351: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nMelt butter in a large saucepan over low heat, add onions and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden and tender, about 20 minutes. Add vegetable stock, salt and pepper to taste, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Stir in dry sherry or cognac.nRub garlic clove on each piece sliced bread and toast on a baking sheet until both sides are golden.nPlace bread in a casserole or in 6 individual ovenproof, bowls and ladle onion soup over top. Top with a mixture of Gruyere and Parmesan and place casserole or individual bowls under the broiler and to melt cheese and slightly brown top., ingredients: [12 stick butter or 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds yellow onions, peeled, thinly sliced, 6 cups Winter Vegetable Stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon dry sherry or cognac, 1 clove garlic, 6 1inch slices crusty white bread, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Classic Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 31352: {instructions: Prepare the chocolate cups: I cut squares of sponge that measured about 1 12inches square. Wrap each square with plastic wrap. Dip each square into the tempered chocolate. Make sure the chocolate covers at least 12inch up the side of the sponge mold. Set the chocolate square on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Repeat to make as many chocolate cups as you would like. Wait until the chocolate sets. If necessary, place the chocolate squares in the refrigerator for about 5 minutes.nWhen the chocolate has set, gently squeeze the sponge and lift up to remove it from the chocolate. Do not press or pull too hard or you will break the chocolate.nPrepare the filling: Place a 1quart saucepan half filled with water over high heat and bring to a simmer. Make a double boiler by setting a mediumsize mixing bowl over the simmering water. Place the chopped chocolate in the mixing bowl and heat until completely melted. Stir occasionally and keep an eye on the chocolate as it melts so that it doesnu2019t burn. Once melted, remove the mixing bowl from the heat. Stir the chocolate until smooth and set aside until cool to the touch but not so cold that it begins to harden and set.nPlace the peanut butter in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Add the cooled chocolate and whisk together. This mixture will be stiff and begin to set quickly, so whisk vigorously and thoroughly to combine.nPlace the chocolate peanut butter in a pastry bag with a mediumsized opening no tip. Fill each chocolate cup to about 18 inch from the top. Let the peanut butter cups set at room temperature for about 1 hour, then serve. If you are in a hurry, you can place the peanut butter cups in the refrigerator for about 15 minutes. They can also be frozen for 2 weeks if well wrapped in plastic wrap. Thaw at room temperature before serving.nJacquesu2019 tip: To make a lighter dessert, add about 1 cup of crispy rice cereal recommended: Rice Krispies. Sometimes I garnish this tiny treat with a dollop of whipped cream and fresh peanuts., ingredients: [10.5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 5.2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, Generous 2 cups peanut butter], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 31353: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the PlumGinger glaze:nPreheat grill or side burner. Heat the oil in a large nonreactive saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the Thai chiles, ginger, curry powder and cinnamon and cook for 2 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and 1 cup of water. Cook until the sauce is reduced and thickened about 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.nPlace plum mixture, in 2 to 3 batches, in a food processor and process until smooth, strain into a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nBring water, soy, ginger, peppercorns, coriander, mustard seeds and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh heat and preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRub oil on both sides of the ribs. Then rub each rack with the Asian Rub. Place racks onto preheated grill and allow to cook only until grill marks have been made.nDivide the water and soy sauce mixture between 2 roasting pans, place the ribs on a baking rack and set over the liquid in the pan. Roast the ribs in the preheated oven until about 34 of the way cooked, about 45 minutes, basting every 15 minutes.nHeat the grill to high.nTransfer the ribs to the grill and grill until the ribs are tender, about 45 minutes longer, brushing with the glaze during the last 10 minutes of cooking. Remove from the grill and brush with more of the glaze. Slice into ribs and garnish with green onions.nWhisk all ingredients together., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 Thai chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons good quality curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 star anise, 8 ripe purple plums, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 cup plum juice, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup honey, 14 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons powdered ginger, 1 cup water, 4 cups water, 2 cups soy sauce, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black mustard seeds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for rubbing, 2 racks St. Louisstyle country ribs, Asian Rub, recipe follows, Green onions, thinly sliced, 12 cup Spanish paprika, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons ground star anise, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 12 tablespoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground red pepper flakes], title: Asian Spice Rubbed Ribs with PlumGinger Glaze, picturelink: tgqUWtOYRcHjZUeOzAQAxOdtqEZlbO}, 31354: {instructions: Special equipment: two 24cup minimuffin pansnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the panko mix: Mix the panko, Parmesan, olive oil and garlic together and set aside.nFor the mac and cheese: Cook the macaroni according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.nIn the meantime, melt the butter in a heavybottomed medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Add the milk and whisk constantly until the mixture thickens. Reduce the heat to low and add the Worcestershire and salt to taste. Slowly fold in the Gruyere, Cheddar and goat cheese and heat through until all the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Fold the cooked macaroni into the cheese mixture.nSpray minimuffin pans with nonstick cooking spray and dust with the panko mix. Put the muffin pans in the oven and bake until the panko is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the pans and lower the temperature to 350 degrees F. Carefully fill the cups the rest of the way with the mac and cheese, packing tightly. Bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle the tops with the panko mix and continue baking until the tops are golden brown, about 5 minutes more.nLet the muffins cool before removing them from the pan. Repeat with the remaining macaroni and cheese and panko mixture., ingredients: [1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon shredded Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 pound small elbow macaroni, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 23 cups milk, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt, 4 cups packed shredded Gruyere cheese, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup crumbled goat cheese, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying muffin pans], title: Mac and Cheese Muffins, picturelink: null}, 31355: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour, Parmesan, mascarpone, salt, cayenne and butter in the bowl of a food processor and pulse, pulse, pulse, until it looks very dry and crumblywhat I like to call the Parmesan stage. Add the eggs and pulse until the mixture forms a ball. Remove the dough from the food processor, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nCoat a large saute pan generously with olive oil. Add the garlic and crushed red pepper and bring the pan to a medium heat. When the garlic has become golden brown and is very aromatic remove it and discard, it has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the Swiss chard stems, leeks and 2 to 3 tablespoons of water and season with salt. When the water has evaporated and the stems and leeks are soft, add the leaves. Season the leaves with salt and saute until they are very soft and wilted. Remove from the heat and allow the Swiss chard to cool.nIn a large bowl combine the ricotta, Parmesan, eggs, cayenne and the Swiss chard mixture. Mix to thoroughly combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed it will. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and let warm up for about 10 to 15 minutes, this will make it really much easier to roll out.nDust a large clean work surface with flour and roll the dough into a large circle about 14 to 18inch thick. Transfer the dough to a large sheet try lined with parchment paper. Lay the dough out flat, dont worry about the overhang on the sides. Put the filling in a large circle in the center of the rolled out dough leaving a 3 to 4inch border of dough along the outside edge. Fold the dough up around the filling to make a freeform pie. Brush the top of the dough with egg wash and bake in the preheated oven until the crust is firm, golden brown and shiny, about 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing, this will allow it to up for easier slicing.nServe hot or at room temperature.nWhat a delightful lunch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup mascarpone, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 stick cold butter, cut into peasized pieces, 2 eggs, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 bunch white Swiss Chard, stems removed cut into 14inch lengths, leaves cut into 1inch lengths, 2 leeks, tough green tops removed, cut in 12 lengthwise and then cut crosswise into 14inch lengths, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, Kosher salt, 2 cups fresh ricotta, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, Pinch cayenne pepper, Egg wash: 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water.], title: Swiss Chard and Ricotta Crostata, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 31356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot of heavily salted water, cook the macaroni according to package directions for al dente. Drain and add to a large bowl along with 2 tablespoons of the mayonnaise, and the celery and green onions. Toss well.nIn a medium bowl, combine the remaining mayonnaise and the cider vinegar, mustard, bourbon, honey, salt, pepper and liquid smoke. Stir until smooth, then add to the macaroni. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nRefrigerate for 1 to 3 hours to allow the flavors to meld. Garnish with green onions before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 3 stalks celery, small diced about 1 12 cups, 12 bunch green onions, greens parts only, sliced about 12 cup, plus for garnish, 5 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons bourbon whiskey, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 to 1 teaspoon liquid smoke], title: Smoked Macaroni Salad, picturelink: pfBGdhud6O86L1HaGI6qK.NtgcxpVgy}, 31357: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the egg whites and sugar and beat with a whisk until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the flour, salt, melted butter, cream and vanilla until combined.nPreheat a large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the batter into the pan and, with a small offset spatula, spread the batter into an even 4 to 5inch pancake. Cook on the first side until golden brown at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the reverse side, about 1 minute more. Remove from the pan and immediately hang the pancake over the handle of a wooden spoon to form the taco. Set aside to set, about 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter.nDip the tacos in the melted chocolate and return to the wooden spoon. If making ahead of time, refrigerate until needed.nFill the tacos with the softened ice cream and garnish with the chopped pecans., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 34 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 12 stick butter, melted, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces dark semisweet chocolate chips, melted in a double boiler, 1 pint salted caramel ice cream, slightly thawed, 12 cup roasted pecans, chopped, for garnish], title: Chocolate Tacos, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 31358: {instructions: Combine the ricotta, Parmesan and eggs using a wire whip to fully mix together. Add the basil, parsley and wellwashed arugula to the cheese by folding with a spatula. Fold in the prosciutto and other seasonings and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Cut the pasta sheets into 1 12inch wide strips. Cover with a cotton towel. Cut the strips into squares 1 12 by 1 12. These are basic tortellini before filling and folding. It is necessary to work quickly in order to prevent the pasta from drying out. The moistness of the fresh dough is necessary to help the dough seal itself closed. Place 14 to 12 teaspoon of the filling in each square. Fold the square in half to form a triangle, encasing the filling. Press to seal the edges. Water can be used to help seal edges if they are drying too quickly. Fold the two opposite points toward each other and pinch closed to create the final seal. This is the basic tortellini shape. Should resemble a bishops cap. Continue until all of the pasta has been filled.nCook in boiling salted water for 4 to 5 minutes or until the tortellini float to the surface. Drain tortellini and serve with a basic tomato sauce., ingredients: [1 cup fresh sheeps milk ricotta, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 whole eggs, 14 cup chopped basil, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley leaves, 4 ounces washed arugula leaves, finely chopped, 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced and roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 recipe basic pasta dough rolled into thinnest possible sheets], title: Cheese, Arugula and Prosciutto Tortellini, picturelink: null}, 31359: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat the broiler. Slice the figs about 34 of the way down the center lengthwise, and open each like a book set aside.nCombine the goat cheese, pesto, lemon juice and zest and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl with a rubber spatula. Fill each fig with about 1 teaspoon of the cheesepesto mixture.nWrap each stuffed fig with a slice of bacon, and secure with a toothpick. Put the figs, seamside down, on a rimmed baking sheet.nBroil, turning once, until the bacon is cooked through and crispy, about 4 to 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [24 dried figs about 10 ounces, 3 ounces fresh goat cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon prepared pesto, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices bacon, halved crosswise], title: BaconWrapped Stuffed Figs, picturelink: Oh2Eq4UF9j7e81RfzR3C0ms12W7Xhq}, 31360: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain and reserve 12 cup of the pasta water.nMeanwhile, lay the bacon in a large ovenproof skillet and cook over medium heat until brown and slightly crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat, transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings. Break up the bacon into bitesize pieces.nReturn the skillet to medium heat, add the garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and juices, reserved pasta water, crushed red pepper, basil, escarole and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens and the escarole wilts, 15 to 20 minutes.nMix together the ricotta and Parmesan. Add the cooked pasta and mozzarella to the sauce and stir to thoroughly coat. Drop spoonfuls of the ricottaParmesan mixture on top. Sprinkle with the bacon pieces and bake until bubbly and the cheese melts, 15 to 20 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes before serving. Garnish with additional basil if using., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces whole wheat fusilli pasta, 3 strips bacon, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, with juices, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 to 5 whole fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, optional, 12 small head escarole, torn into bitesize pieces about 4 cups, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 8 ounces partskim mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes], title: BLT Pasta Skillet, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 31361: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chili powder, cumin, onion powder, salt, cornstarch, garlic powder, oregano, paprika, black pepper, and cayenne or red pepper flakes, if using, in a small bowl or plastic container. Blend well.nSpray a large skillet with nonstick cooking spray and place it over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey or beef and cook, stirring and making sure to really break it up into small crumbles, until it is browned throughout, about 5 minutes. Drain off any liquid. Add the spice mixture and cook stirring, until you can smell all of the spices, about 1 minute. Add 34 cup of water and stir until the water is mostly evaporated, the meat is evenly coated with the spices, and there is still a little bit of liquid in the pan, about 4 minutes.nTo serve, place your choice of toppings in small individual bowls. Heat the taco shells on a baking sheet or right on the oven rack, whichever you prefer in the oven until warm and toasty, about 5 minutes. Transfer the meat to a serving bowl. Place the taco shells on a plate and cover them with a napkin or clean dish towel to keep them warm, setting them out with the bowls of toppings. Let everyone serve him or herself. Photograph by Todd ColemanThe Mom 100 Cookbook, ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon kosher or coarse salt, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne or red pepper flakes optional, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 pounds ground turkey or beef, Shredded lettuce, Salsa or taco sauce, Shredded Cheddar, Monterey Jack, or a Mexican cheese blend, Lowfat or regular sour cream, Diced tomatoes, Diced avocados, About 12 taco shells], title: Taco Night, picturelink: Se4WtL4DptcTuJ2.rP8axbSHMRqRm}, 31362: {instructions: In a large bowl mix flour, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, salt, allspice and cloves until blended. In another large bowl beat butter and sugar with electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce mixer speed to low and gradually add flour mixture, beating until well blended. Divide dough in thirds. Shape each into a ball and flatten to a 1inchthick round. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour or until firm enough to roll. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Have cookie sheets ready. On a lightly floured surface roll one third of the dough at a time keep remainder refrigerated to 14inch thickness. Cut dough in desired shapes with floured 3inch cookie cutters. Place 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Chill and reroll scraps. Bake about 12 minutes or until cookies are golden on undersides and edges are just starting to brown. Cool completely on sheet on wire rack. Ice or decorate as desired., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon each ground nutmeg and salt, 14 teaspoon each ground allspice and cloves, 1 12 cups butter or margarine, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Spice Cookies, picturelink: null}, 31363: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 36 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the sugar and margarine with the whisk attachment, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl. In a small bowl or cup, combine the water and egg replacer and stir to dissolve the egg replacer. Add the egg replacer to the sugar and mix until combined. Scrape the bottom of the bowl. In a small bowl, combine the soy milk and vanilla and set aside. Turn the mixer speed to low and slowly add the dry ingredients and the soy milk, alternating between the 2, ending with the soy milk.nFill the cupcake liners 34 full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted into each cupcake comes out clean 19 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the curd: In a medium, heavybottomed saucepan, stir together the kiwi puree and sugar. Heat on mediumhigh until the mixture begins to bubble around the edges. In a small bowl, mix the water and cornstarch into a slurry. Slowly add the cornstarch mixture to the puree while whisking. Cook for 2 more minutes while stirring. Let cool completely. Put the cooled kiwi curd into a piping bag and cut 14 inch off the tip.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer, whip the shortening, margarine, and lecithin until completely combined. Scrape the bottom of the bowl to ensure that all the ingredients are mixed thoroughly. Add the strawberry puree and mix until incorporated. Scrape the bottom of the bowl. On low speed, slowly add the sugar a little at a time. Add the lemon juice and rum and mix to combine. Scrape the bottom of the bowl and mix on mediumhigh speed until all the ingredients are combined and the frosting is fluffy, about 2 minutes. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12 inch off the tip.nFor the shooters: Remove the tops and cores from each strawberry. Set the tops aside in a bowl. Measure the rum into a measuring cup with a spout. Pour a teaspoon of rum into the empty cores of each strawberry. Pipe a teaspoon of strawberry frosting on top of each rumfilled strawberry and place the leafy green strawberry tops back on each strawberry.nTo assemble: With a plastic drinking straw or a small paring knife, make holes in the center of each cupcake. Squeeze the kiwi curd in the center of each cupcake until filled but not overflowing, about 1 tablespoon per cupcake. Pipe a dollop of strawberry frosting onto each cupcake and garnish with a strawberry rum shooter., ingredients: [1 pound 10 ounces unbleached flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound 4 ounces sugar, 9 ounces, scant, nonhydrogenated vegan margarine recommended: Earth Balance, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon egg replacer recommended: EnerG, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons soy milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 cups kiwi puree, storebought, 8 ounces sugar, 14 cup water, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 ounces nonhydrogenated vegetable shortening recommended: Earth Balance, 4 ounces nonhydrogenated vegan margarine recommended: Earth Balance, 12 teaspoon lecithin, 5 ounces strawberry puree, storebought, 1 pound 8 ounces powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon rum, 36 large strawberries, washed and dried, 12 cup rum, 12 cup strawberry rum frosting], title: Strawberry Kiwi Daiquiri Cupcakes with Kiwi Curd, Strawberry Rum Frosting, and Strawberry Rum Shooter Garnish, picturelink: VSF9iGZ5f39LpBUCTtaYkKEBZ83iGTK}, 31364: {instructions: In a large bowl with an electric beater, beat the ricotta and sugar until combined well. Add the heavy cream, vanilla, and rum and continue to beat until thick and smooth. Stir in the pineapple. Line the bottom and sides of a buttered 9inch springform pan with some of the ladyfingers, top with one third of the filling, and cover with half the remaining ladyfingers. Add half the remaining filling, cover with the rest of the ladyfingers, and top with the last of the filling. Sprinkle with walnuts, chocolate chips, and glaceed cherries. Cover the cake with plastic and chill overnight. Run a knife around the inside of the pan and release the sides. Transfer the cake to a serving dish., ingredients: [2 pounds ricotta, drained well, 34 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup dark rum, 1 can 20 ounces crushed pineapple, drained well, 3 packages ladyfingers, Chopped walnuts, semisweet chocolate chips, and glaceed cherries for garnish], title: Sicilian Cake, picturelink: null}, 31365: {instructions: Beat the eggs with a fork season with a pinch of salt and pepper add any fresh herbs you would like to includenMelt the butter in an omelet pan or a nonstick 7inch pan with sloping sides. Tilt the pan from side to side to coat the bottom with melted butter. When butter is about to turn brown, add the eggs to the skillet. Over high heat, stir the eggs with your right hand while you shake the pan back and forth, up and down, with your left hand. When the underside of the omelet begins to set, tilt to pan, after you lift the edge of omelet, so that any uncooked egg from the top will run under the cooked egg and set. Run a line of the grated cheese down the middle of the omeletnHold the right top or side third of the omelet towards the center, then roll it over onto other third.nGrab the handle of the omelet pan with your right hand, and roll the omelette onto a plate., ingredients: [2 to 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon minced dill, chives or basil, optional, 2 to 3 tablespoons grated cheese like Swiss, Parmesan or cheddar or other filling like smoked, salmon and ricotta cheese, Prosciutto and black olives, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: The Omelette, picturelink: null}, 31366: {instructions: Whisk 3 egg whites, 3 tablespoons sugar and a pinch of salt until frothy. Stir in 3 cups shredded coconut, 13 cup currants and 1 teaspoon lemon zest. Drop by packed tablespoonfuls onto an oiled baking sheet. Bake at 325 degrees F until golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool, then dip in melted chocolate.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: LemonCurrant Macaroons, picturelink: vh9EMyTn8rSx0Uh2MdX8n9evdFcZMNm}, 31367: {instructions: Bring 2 12 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepot, slowly stir in grits, return to a simmer and let cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in cheese, butter, heavy cream, crumbled bacon, and salt, to taste. Cover and let sit while you cook the fish.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nCombine barbecue sauce, steak sauce, and cilantro, and set aside until needed. Season salmon with salt, and grill salmon. Cook over indirect heat if using gas grill. Leave undisturbed for the first 3 minutes to let the caramelization process begin to prevent the flesh from tearing. Flip the fillets and cook the other side the same way. Remove from heat, brush sauce over and finish for about 2 to 3 minutes in the oven.nSpoon some grits in center of plate, top with a piece of salmon and sprinkle with mint., ingredients: [2 12 cups water, 1 cup grits, 23 cup shredded Cheddar about 4 ounces, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into cubes, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 strips cooked bacon, Salt, 6 6ounce salmon fillets, 3 tablespoons your choice of barbecue sauce, 3 tablespoons steak sauce recommended: HP, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves], title: Barbecue Salmon over Cheddar Grits, picturelink: null}, 31368: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIf you have whole chicken wings, cut off wingtips and cut the wings in half at the joint. Discard wingtips or freeze to make stock.nPlace the wings in a large bowl. Sprinkle fivespice powder and cayenne on the wings add generous pinches of salt and about 15 grinds of black pepper. Rub the mixture into all the wings until no more loose rub remains.nLine the wing pieces up on a baking sheet so the side of the wing that has the most skin is facing up. Roast until cooked through, browned and crispy, about 25 minutes. Serve hot with Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce.nCombine ingredients in mixing bowl. Whisk ingredients to incorporate them fully and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [40 chicken wing pieces or 20 whole chicken wings, 2 tablespoons Chinese fivespice powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup light sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup yogurt, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Chinese FiveSpiceRubbed Chicken Wings with Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31369: {instructions: Combine the mango juice, lime juice, rum, bourbon, and black pepper in a large shaker. Shake to combine. Drop a handful of ice into each glass, divide the mixture between them. Run a slice of lime along each rim and drop the lime in the glass. Top each drink with ginger ale. Sip slowly and enjoy, ingredients: [12 cup mango juice, Juice of 2 limes, plus 2 lime wedges, for garnish, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 2 jiggers 3ounces rum, 2 jiggers 3ounces bourbon, 1 shake black pepper, 1 to 2 cups ginger ale depending on how fizzy you like it], title: KickintheHead Cocktail, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 31370: {instructions: Blend the llama and ground beef in a large bowl, being careful not to over blend as that will create a denser burger. Add the egg, bread crumbs, lemon juice, thyme, rosemary, feta, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well and form into 8 equal round patties, no more than 34inch thick. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, allowing the ingredients and flavors to blend together.nHeat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the burgers to the grill and cook until desired doneness is achieved, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. Remove and arrange on serving plates over sliced tomatoes. Drizzle with balsamic vinegar and garnish with chopped scallions., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ground llama, 1 pound 8020 blend or 7525 blend ground beef, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon minced rosemary leaves, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 vineripened tomatoes, sliced, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions], title: Llama Burger, picturelink: null}, 31371: {instructions: Pat dry the meat and season with salt and pepper. In a large skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot. Add the meat, in batches, and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until browned on both sides. Transfer meat as it is cooked to a heatproof platter. Keep warm in a slow oven. Pour off fat from skillet. Add butter and melt over moderate heat. Add shallots, garlic and thyme to the skillet and cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until vegetables are softened. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the stock and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove meat from oven and pour platter juices into simmering jus. Have rolls split and arranged on a platter. Drizzle some of jus over cut sides of rolls. Divide meat among 4 bottom halves and top with remaining bread. Transfer sandwiches to serving plates.nTransfer jus to individual dipping bowls and serve sandwiches with jus., ingredients: [112 pounds sirloin, sliced across the grain on the diagonal bias until very thin, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for sauteing, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup minced shallots, 2 cloves garlic, minced fine, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups beef stock or canned beef broth, 4 French rolls, split and lightly toasted], title: French Dip Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 31372: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add in the milk, whisking constantly. Allow the mixture to cook, stirring frequently, until the sauce begins to thicken, about 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the mustard, garlic, and 14 cup shredded cheese.nMeanwhile, cut off the woody stems of the endives and make a deep slit into them lengthwise, not quite cutting them in half. Place a small slice of cheese in the center of each endive. Season with salt and pepper and roll each endive in a slice of ham. Place the wrapped endives, seamside down, in the prepared baking dish.nStir the sauce to blend the cheese into the mixture and pour over the endives. Cover with foil and cook for 25 minutes. Uncover, and add the remaining 14 cup shredded cheese. Raise the heat to 400 degrees F and cook for 10 minutes more. Let cool a few minutes before serving. Sprinkle with parsley to garnish.nCooks Note: If Belgian endive is unavailable, substitute small wedges of cabbage and increase the cooking time by 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups milk, heated, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 cup shredded Swiss, divided, 4 small to medium Belgian endives, 4 small slices Swiss, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices deli ham, Vegetable cooking spray, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Special equipment: small rectangular baking dish], title: Stuffed Belgian Endive, picturelink: ZOtWq4QHbXJ4EvxUe1ROD0LEoIfxFFy}, 31373: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a castiron griddle pan over mediumhigh heat and spray with cooking spray.nMix together the brown sugar, poultry seasoning, garlic powder, pepper, salt and anise seed in a large bowl. Add the ground pork and mix gently until wellcombined.nPortion the sausage mixture using a heaping 14 cup measure and flatten each sausage into a 3inch round, about 14inch thick.nSear the sausages on the hot griddle pan until golden brown and cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon anise seed, 1 pound ground pork], title: Homemade Breakfast Sausage, picturelink: w9pIThTs5F2fsmWzMRWnp2YlQFV9am}, 31374: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle both sides of the chicken breast generously with Cajun seasoning. Heat the margarine in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook for about 3 minutes flip over and continue cooking until fully cooked through. Remove from the heat and slice lengthwise into 4strips. Place on a baking sheet and spread the tomatillo sauce on top. Sprinkle with jack cheese and place in the oven to melt, just a couple minutes.nMeanwhile, spread the refried beans carefully over the taco shell, top with lettuce, rice, pico de gallo, and queso fresco. Remove chicken from the oven and place on top of fillings. Garnish with chives and a sprinkling of paprika. Serve with guacamole and sour cream on top., ingredients: [1 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 1ounce 2 tablespoons margarine, melted, 4 ounces tomatillo sauce, 14ounce Monterey jack cheese, 2 ounces refried beans, 1 taco shell, 4 large lettuce leaves, shredded, 2 ounces cooked rice, 2 ounces pico de gallo, 2 ounces queso fresco, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, for garnish, Paprika, for garnish, 1 12 ounces guacamole, 12 ounce sour cream], title: Spicy Chicken Verde, picturelink: null}, 31375: {}, 31376: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the wings at home:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the wings with salt and pepper. Arrange the chicken wings on a baking sheet in a single layer. Put in the preheated oven and cook for 45 minutes.nRemove the wings from the oven to a bowl and allow to cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to finish at the event on the barbecue.nFor the Asian sauce at home:nCombine all of the ingredients in a resealable gallonsize plastic bag and combine well.nFor the wings tailgaiting:nPreheat a grill to 350 degrees F, prepared for indirect heat. Add all the wings and cook for 10 to 15 minutes to reheat and get some grill marks, turning after 7 minutes. Remove the wings from the grill to a serving bowl. Add the sauce and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 pound chicken wings, cut into segments, tips removed and discarded, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup honey, 2 teaspoons lime zest, 3 tablespoons lime juice, from 1 lime, 14 cup orange juice, from 12 orange, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon chili garlic paste, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce], title: Tailgating Asian Wings, picturelink: qXCETK1KtMa7Czkw7Q8OxXIylMv0.}, 31377: {instructions: Combine the bread flour, wholewheat flour, yeast and salt in a large bowl. Add 112 cups lukewarm water about 100 degrees F and mix with your hands or a spoon until the dough comes together it will be wet and sticky. Cover the dough tightly with plastic wrap. If you have extra time, refrigerate 12 to 24 hours this is not necessary but will improve the flavor of the bread.nLet the dough rise, covered, at room temperature for about 18 hours this rise is necessary whether you refrigerate the dough first or not. The surface will be bubbly after rising.nGenerously dust a work surface with allpurpose flour. Turn the dough out onto the flour, then sprinkle flour on top. Fold the top and bottom of the dough into the center, then fold in the sides to make a freeform square. Use a dough scraper or a spatula to turn the dough over, then tuck the corners under to form a ball.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and generously dust with flour. Transfer the dough to the baking sheet, seamside down, and sprinkle with more flour. Cover with a cotton kitchen towel do not use terry cloth and let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, 2 to 3 hours.nPosition a rack in the bottom of the oven and place a 2 or 4quart castiron or enameled Dutch oven without the lid on the rack. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F for at least 30 minutes. When the dough has doubled, carefully transfer the hot pot to a heatproof surface. Uncover the dough, lift up the parchment and quickly invert the dough into the pot shake the pot to center the dough, if necessary. Cover with the lid and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until brown and crusty, 15 to 30 more minutes. Turn out onto a rack to cool.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 12 cups unbleached bread flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 12 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: NoKnead Peasant Bread, picturelink: CcMdPpJlD0zaX6KTjPA59wH97dPhF6}, 31378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nCoarsely crush the panko into a large shallow bowl. Stir the cheese into the panko. Lightly beat the eggs in another large shallow bowl. Sprinkle the pork generously with salt and pepper. Dip the pork, 1 piece at a time, in the egg, allowing the excess to drip off, then dredge the pork in the crumb mixture, patting to coat completely. Place the pork on a small baking sheet.nHeat 14 cup of oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the pork to the hot oil and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to paper towels to drain, then transfer them to a clean baking sheet and keep them warm in the oven. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil to the skillet and fry the remaining pork.nTransfer the pork to plates and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 large eggs, 6 boneless pork loin chops, pounded thin to 13 inchthick 1 12 pounds total, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 lemon wedges], title: Pork Milanese, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 31379: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring, until crisp and most of the fat has rendered, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate and set aside. Lower the heat to medium, add the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft and fragrant, about 8 minutes.nStir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Pour in the broth and crush the tomatoes through your fingers into the pan. Bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Tie the parsley sprigs, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine and add to the pot. Lower the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nRemove and discard the herb bundle. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth. Return the puree to the pot and reheat over medium heat.nWhisk in the heavy cream, salt, and pepper, to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls and serve immediately.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 slice bacon, finely chopped, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, 3 parsley sprigs, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Tomato Soup, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 31380: {instructions: Stir the mango, onion, chile, tomato, chopped cilantro and the juice of 1 lime together in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPrepare a grill with high heat. Brush steak with oil, season all over with salt and pepper. Grill, turning once, until a thermometer inserted sideways into the meat registers 130 degrees for mediumrare, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board, let rest 5 minutes. Cut steak crosswise into three sections, then thinly slice across the grain.nLightly toast the tortillas on the grill until charred but still pliable, 10 seconds per side. Keep warm, wrapped in a kitchen towel. Tuck steak into the tortillas, top with salsa and cilantro sprigs, serve with lime wedges and Bushsu00ae Black Bean Fiesta Grillin Beansu00ae., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 Tbsp finely diced red onion, 1 small serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and minced, 1 medium tomato, diced, 1 Tbsp chopped cilantro, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 skirt steak, about 1 pound, Vegetable oil, 1 dozen 6inch flour tortillas, Bushsu00ae Black Bean Fiesta Grillin Beansu00ae], title: Grilled Skirt Steak Soft Tacos and Mango Salsa with Bushs Black Bean Fiesta Grillin Beans, picturelink: 7KmZkBe.a9cN.JElsWflQU4lCf1Oq}, 31381: {instructions: Soak 8 wooden skewers in water while you heat the grill to medium heat.nCut each Halloumi into 4 pieces measuring approximately 1inchby3inches. Insert the soaked skewers into the pieces and put them onto a platter. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with the paprika and thyme, turning them over to coat the cheese on all sides.nGrill the cheese about 2 to 3 minutes per side, until they have nice grill marks and are warmed through. Serve immediately.nHalloumi can also be prepared the same way, without the skewers, and cooked in a nonstick skillet over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 8ounce packages Halloumi cheese, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon dried thyme], title: Grilled Halloumi Cheese, picturelink: t2RSH17pRvC83zJxhxkXL1QjTNVKEC}, 31382: {instructions: Cube unpeeled potatoes, place in double layer of aluminum foil. Sprinkle chopped onions on top. Squirt ranch dressing over all. Fold up the foil and seal it. Bake in oven at 400 degrees F or on the grill., ingredients: [Ranch dressing, Potatoes, Chopped onions], title: Ranch Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 31383: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook as the label directs. Reserve 2 cups cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Crumble the sausage into the skillet and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until lightly browned and no longer pink, 4 to 5 minutes. Clear a space in the pan, add the garlic and cook until just golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cauliflower and cook until the edges are browned, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of the reserved cooking water, cover and reduce the heat to medium. Cook until the cauliflower is tender, about 8 more minutes. Uncover and boil over high heat until the liquid is almost evaporated, about 2 more minutes.nAdd the spaghetti to the skillet along with the scallions. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Toss for a minute or two to wilt the scallions and coat the pasta with the sauce, adding up to 1 cup cooking water, if needed, to loosen. Remove from the heat, sprinkle with the cheese and toss. Divide among shallow bowls and drizzle with more olive oil, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces spaghetti, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 ounces sweet Italian turkey sausage, casings removed, 6 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 small head cauliflower, broken into small florets, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 cup grated pecorino romano or parmesan cheese], title: SausageCauliflower Spaghetti, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 31384: {instructions: Special equipment: Equipment: 1quart paper milk container, thoroughly cleaned with the top cut off 4 6inch ovenproof, shallow appetizer platesnMake the Frozen Yogurt: In a bowl, whisk together the yogurt, simple syrup, and vanilla. Chill 30 minutes then freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructionsnCram the frozen yogurt into the milk container, packing it well to get rid of all the air pockets. Freeze for at least 6 hours.nMake the Strawberry Salad: puree the raspberries and sugar in a blender. Strain out the seeds and taste the puree for sweetness, adding more sugar if necessary. Divide the puree on among the plates, spreading evenly to coat the bottom of each plate. Using 4 berries per plate, carefully fan them on top of each plate, starting at the edge and spiraling in to the center. It can be made up to this point up to 8 hours in advance. Just tightly cover each plate with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bake the strawberries until just warm, about 2 minutes. Alternatively, microwave them for 1 minute.nTake the frozen yogurt out of the freezer and lay it on its side. With a serrated knife, leaving the frozen yogurt in its container, cut a 1 12inch think slice off the end. Remove the container band around the slice. Cut the slice on the diagonal into 4 triangles. Place a triangle of frozen yogurt in the center of each plate it will start to melt immediately. Cut the honeycomb, if using, into 4 pieces and place on top of the frozen yogurt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups plain yogurt, 1 14 cups simple syrup see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract or 12 vanilla bean, split, 1 cup raspberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 16 large strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 1 2inch piece honeycomb, optional], title: Warm Strawberry Salad with Vanilla Frozen Yogurt, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 31385: {instructions: Place a few scoops of vanilla ice cream into 2 tall float glasses. Pour the root beer and bourbon, if using, over the ice cream and top with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 2 bottles very cold oldfashioned root beer, Splash bourbon, optional, Freshly whipped cream], title: Root Beer Floats, picturelink: 1wvZhjnNvkDevcWZ74yxfzH4hfxDTy}, 31386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel crust off the outside of overturned pieces of pie and line the inside of small ramekins of coffee cups with the pie crust pieces. Spoon pumpkin pie filling straight from the pie equally into small ramekins or stoneware coffee cups.nSprinkle a tablespoon of sugar over the filling in each ramekin.nUsing a minitorch, torch the top until sugar is caramelized. The ramekins can also be browned under a broiler. If using a broiler, stick the cups inside a pan filled with 12inch of water and place under the broiler until just browned on top., ingredients: [Leftover pumpkin pie, 5 tablespoons sugar], title: Leftover Pumpkin Pie Brulee, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 31387: {instructions: Peel and chop 1 pound parsnips and 1 large russet potato put in a saucepan with 2 garlic cloves. cover with water, add kosher salt and bring to a boil cook until soft, 20 minutes. reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the vegetables and return to the pan. add the reserved cooking liquid, 13 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt, and nutmeg to taste. beat with a mixer until smooth. season with pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Whipped Parsnips, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 31388: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat olive oil over low heat. Add the fennel, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the fennel is light brown around the edges and soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Pour in the wine. Turn up the heat and cook until the wine is evaporated, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the mustard greens and cook, stirring until wilted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds fennel 3 large bulbs, tops removed and sliced crosswise into 14 inch strips, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 12 cup white wine, 1 bunch mustard greens, washed, stemmed and julienned], title: Braised Fennel with Mustard Greens, picturelink: null}, 31389: {instructions: 1. Soak eight 8inch bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes. Heat a grill to medium low.n2. Place butter in a small skillet. Split vanilla bean and scrape seeds onto butter and mash with back a spoon. Add scraped pod and melt butter over low heat. Remove from heat and set aside to steep.n3. Heat cream of coconut and heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until simmering. Remove from heat and stir in chocolate until chocolate is melted and smooth. Stir in lime zest. Set aside.n4. Cut mango and papaya into 2inch chunks and alternately thread onto skewers. Brush lightly with vanilla butter and grill until fruit is lightly charred, turning as needed, about 5 minutes per side. Serve with chocolate sauce., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup sweetened cream of coconut, 14 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces good quality white chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 2 large redskinned mangoes, peeled and pitted, 1 large Hawaiian papaya about 1 pound peeled and seeds discarded], title: Tropical Fruit Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 31390: {instructions: Cut the grapefruit supremes in chunks and add a few to the bottom of 2 chilled glasses. Add 1 tablespoon of the elderflower syrup to each glass. Divide the reserved grapefruit juice between the glasses and top with sparkling water., ingredients: [1 pink grapefruit, cut in supremes, extra juice reserved, 2 tablespoons elderflower syrup, Sparkling water], title: Elderflower Sparkler, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 31391: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and line a medium baking sheet with aluminum foil.nTransfer the apricot halves to the prepared baking sheet and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle with the sugar and some salt. Broil until the apricots are warmed through and the sugar is caramelized on top, 4 to 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, whip the cream, confectioners sugar and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Whisk on mediumhigh until the cream is fluffy and soft peaks form, about 2 minutes.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the mascarpone by hand until soft and creamy. Fold in the whipped cream gradually until the two are combined.nRemove the apricots from the oven and transfer to a serving plate. Spoon 2 teaspoons of the whipped mascarpone into the cavity of each. Sprinkle with crushed pistachios and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ripe apricots, cut in half and pit removed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup granulated sugar, Kosher salt, 12 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup crushed pistachios, toasted], title: Roasted Apricots with Mascarpone and Pistachios, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 31392: {instructions: Pour vinegar into bowl and whisk in extravirgin olive oil and salt and pepper. Add the cheeses, peppers, artichokes, pepperoni, salami, olives, tomatoes, lettuce and basil. Toss the salad and chill then serve with supper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 pound piece of sharp provolone, cut into pieces or crumbled into large pieces sharp cheese like this can break up really easily, 12 pound bocconcini, bite sized pieces of mozzarella, plain or marinated, drained then halved with knife or kitchen scissors, 2 whole roasted red peppers, drained and cut into pieces with knife or scissors, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts in water, drained and quartered, 24 slices pepperoni, 13 pound deli sliced Genoa salami not so thin on the cut chopped with knife or scissors into bite size pieces, 1 cup pitted fancy black andor green pitted olives, like kalamata and Sicilian olives, located in bulk bins near the deli counter in your market, 12 pint grape tomatoes, cut a few in 12 and leave a bunch whole, 1 heart of romaine lettuce, cut into bite sized pieces with a knife or scissors, 15 basil leaves, torn or snipped into slivers], title: BiteSize AntipastSalad, picturelink: null}, 31393: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, make small slits in the fat. Remove the meat from the bone or have your butcher do it for you, reserving the bone. Season well with salt and pepper. Squeeze over the juice of the lemon to prevent fat flareups. Tie the bones to the meat with butchers twine. Place 2 to 3 cabbage leaves on the meat side of the roast. Tie the leaves on the roast with butchers twine in several places to secure the leaves and prevent the meat from burning. Prepare a charcoal or gas grill, arranging the coals for indirect cooking. Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil spray. The coals should be moderately hot to hot. Sear the meat over intense heat on the bone side and the narrow sides for 1 or 2 minutes per side. Sear the meaty side top for about 3 minutes. When turning the meat, use tongs or other utensils to avoid piercing the meat more than necessary to keep as much moisture inside the roast as you can. Transfer the roast, boneside down, to the cooler part of the grill. Cover the grill and cook for 25 minutes, then baste and turn the roast, cooking for another 15 minutes. Remove the cabbage leaves after about 40 to 45 minutes. Continue grilling, turning and basting occasionally with beer, for a total of 1 hour and 10 minutes to 1 hour and 20 minutes for rare. After 1 hour, begin checking the meat by inserting and instantread thermometer into the thickest part of the meat, taking care not to insert the thermometer too close to a bone. When the thermometer registers 135 to 140 degrees F, remove the meat from the grill, and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before carving.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat until bubbling and hot, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the wine, salt, pepper, garlic, butter, parsley, mushrooms and demiglace. Cook, stirring often, until the mushrooms are tender and the sauce is thick and reduced enough to coat the back of a spoon, 5 to 7 minutes. Yield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 7rib standing rib roast about 15 pounds, 1 lemon, 2 to 3 cabbage leaves, Beer, for basting recommended: Sierra Nevada, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Leons Sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup red wine, such as a dry burgundy, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced 18inch thick, 10 sprigs curly parsley, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons demiglace], title: Standing Rib Roast, picturelink: null}, 31394: {instructions: Prepare linguine according to directions on package. In large skillet heat olive oil. Add garlic, onion, and red pepper and saute until soft. Add shrimp and cook until firm, about 5 minutes. Remove shrimp. Add wine to skillet and bring to a simmer. Add parsley. Let simmer gently. Drain pasta and toss with sauce. Serve, ingredients: [8 ounces linguine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 onion, minced, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, or to taste, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and divided, 23 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced], title: Shrimp Scampi with Linguine, picturelink: null}, 31395: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees and set rack in the middle level of the oven. Cover 2 large cookie sheets or jelly roll pans with parchment or foil.nMix the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt and sift into a mixing bowl. Stir in the sugar and nuts.nWhisk the eggs and vanilla and stir into the flour mixture to form a dough.nOn a lightly floured surface, press dough together. Divide dough in half and roll into a log the length of the pan 14 to 18 inches Place each log on the pan and flatten slightly. Bake for about 30 minutes, until well risen and firm. Cool the logs on the pans.nAfter the logs have cooled, detach from paper and slice them about 12inch thick with a sharp serrated knife. Place back on paper lined pans, cut side down, and bake again for about 20 minutes, or until dry and crisp. Cool on pans and store in a tin or plastic container with a tight fitting lid., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup alkalized cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of salt, 1 14 cup sugar, 1 13 cups chopped, skinned hazelnut or walnuts, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Ellens Chocolate Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 31396: {instructions: In a large saute pan over a medium heat, add olive oil and garlic. Once garlic begins to brown slightly, add porcini mushrooms and allow to brown with the garlic. Once mushrooms and garlic are golden brown, add calabaza and cavatelli and toss with garlic and mushrooms until all ingredients are mixed together and hot. Add chicken stock and butter and reduce until 13 of the original liquid remains. Add remaining ingredients and toss until well incorporated. Adjust seasoning as desired and serve in pasta dish.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nIn a large bowl, combine flour, salt and espresso and mix well. Make a small well in the center and add ricotta, egg and milk and start to mix all the ingredients together. Once combined, take dough mixture and begin kneading it on a lightly floured surface for about 10 minutes until firm and smooth. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Wrap dough in moist towel and let rest in a warm location for 10 minutes. Roll dough through a pasta machine starting at the largest setting and slowly working to the number 4 setting. Take the sheet of dough and cut into strips about 12inches wide by 10 inches long, then pass through cavatelli machine. Place the pasta on sheet tray and freeze until ready to use., ingredients: [8 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sliced garlic, 8 ounces freshly sliced porcini mushrooms, 6 to 8 ounces diced and blanched calabaza, 1 pound cooked Espresso Cavatelli, recipe follows, 1 12 cups light chicken stock, 8 ounces butter, 6 to 8 ounces fontina cheese, grated, 1 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped chives, 16 leaves fresh arugula, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 12 ounces allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring work surface, Pinch kosher salt, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 12 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 whole egg, 1 12 to 2 ounces milk], title: Andreas Hand Cranked Coffee Cavatelli, picturelink: null}, 31397: {instructions: Marinate the fillets in 3 tablespoons of the fish sauce. Leave for 5 minutes.nHeat the oil in wok ensure that the oil is no more than halfway up the wok. When very hot, about 350 degrees F, deep fry the fish until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towel lined plate.nMake the salsa dressing by pounding the Thai chili peppers roughly with a pestle and mortar. Transfer the chilies into a salad bowl.nSeason the dressing with fish sauce for saltiness, sugar for sweetness, and the lime juice for sourness.nPut the shredded mango, shallots, lemongrass, coriander and spring onions into the salad bowl and toss.nServe the mango salad with the crispy fish., ingredients: [2 serpent head fish fillets can be substituted with snapper or catfish, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, Ground nut oil, for frying, Thai chili peppers, stem removed, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 limes, juiced, 1 green mango, peeled and shredded, 2 shallots, finely sliced, 1 stalk lemongrass, stick finely sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 spring onions green part only, finely sliced], title: Crispy Fish with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 31398: {instructions: With an electric mixer, beat yams, pineapple, and cinnamon until smooth. Pour into a greased casserole pan.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the remaining ingredients and sprinkle on top. Bake 20 minutes or until marshmallows are golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 40ounce can yams, drained, 1 20ounce can crushed pineapple, drained, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups caramel popcorn, coarsely ground and kernels discarded, 4 tablespoons margarine, melted, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 cups miniature marshmallows], title: Caramel Popcorn Crusted Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 31399: {instructions: Place carrots and 1 tablespoon water in microwavesafe pie plate. Cover with plastic wrap vent 1 corner. Microwave on high power for 10 minutes. Transfer carrots to blender. Add chicken broth, salt, ginger and pepper. Blend until smooth. Serve warm with dollop of reducedfat sour cream on each serving., ingredients: [1 pound baby carrots, 3 cups nonfat chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon pepper, Reducedfat sour cream, for garnish], title: Carrot Soup, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 31400: {instructions: In a heavy medium saucepan, whisk together the sugar, cocoa, cornstarch, and salt. Whisk in about half of the milk to make a smooth paste and stir in the rest. Place the saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture comes to a boil and begins to thicken, about 6 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring, for 1 minute longer, until smooth and very thick. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the chocolate, butter and vanilla, stirring until they are both melted. Pour the pudding into 4 dessert bowls or one larger serving dish. Place a sheet of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming on top and refrigerate until firm. This will take about 30 minutes for individual dishes, longer for the large bowl. Serve plain or topped with the optional whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch salt, 2 14 cups milk, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons, butter, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream optional], title: Dutch Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 31401: {instructions: Slice the foie gras into 12inch bias slices. Set aside. To prepare the caramelized fruits: in a saute pan, heat butter and sugar and cook until caramelized. Over high heat, deglaze with 12 cup sweet wine. Reduce slightly, and then add the apples, apricots, and grapes. Add the remaining 12 cup sweet wine and reduce until fruits are caramelized. Reserve but keep warm.nIn another saute pan, reduce the red wine and mulberries until desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Season the foie gras slices with pepper. Dip in flour and in a saute pan over high heat, saute for 1 minute on each side. To plate: arranged the caramelized fruits on plate. Spoon mulberry wine sauce reduction around fruits. Top with sauteed foie gras. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces foie gras, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons raw brown sugar, 12 cup trockenbeerenauslese sweet wine, plus 12 cup, 1 apple, peeled, cored, cut into 12 sections, 3 apricots, cut in half, stones removed, 12 cup grapes, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup mulberries, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, Flour, for dredging], title: Foie Gras with Caramelized Fruits, picturelink: null}, 31402: {instructions: To make Paella Valencia: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. In a cold saute pan, add oil, clams, chorizo and chicken. Cover and place on high heat until clams pop, add garlic, remaining seafood and vegetables. Deglaze with white wine. Add rice and paella base, bring to a boil and place in preheated oven for 15 to 17 minutes to cook and reduce.nTo make arborio rice: Heat butter in saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When light brown and foamy add onions and saute until translucent. Add rice, bay leaf and lemon and cook, continuously stirring for 5 minutes to color. Add salt and white wine, bring to a boil and continue stirring. Gradually add water, 1 cup at a time while stirring, until rice yields a creamy porridge yet very al dente consistency.nTo make paella base: Heat oil in a stock pot, when just smoking, add garlic and ginger. Toast lightly, add onions and cook for 15 minutes until translucent. Add saffron and paprika and cook 5 minutes more, add wine, tomatoes and juice, salt, roasted peppers and stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 30 minutes, season and reserve., ingredients: [2 ounces grapeseed oil, 18 clams, 8 ounces grilled chorizo, 10 ounces chicken thigh, boneless and skinless, 3 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 1620 count shrimp, 12 ounces calamari, 8 ounces scallops, 24 mussels, 10 ounces cod, 10 ounces bluefish or mackerel, 6 ounces peas, 1 roasted red pepper, julienne, 8 ounces white wine, 5 cups Arborio rice, cooked, recipe follows, 3 cups paella base, recipe follows, 4 ounces butter, 1 cup Spanish onions, finely diced, 1 pound Arborio rice, 1 bay leaf, 1emon zest strip, 3 cups white wine, Water, amount varies, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ginger, minced, 1 cup Spanish onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup fish stock, 1 tablespoon saffron, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 cup white wine, 6 ounces whole peeled tomatoes, in juice, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 roasted red peppers], title: Paella Valencia, picturelink: 2lWfg3wt5b3SGU47wT7CPD6eJi0bu1a}, 31403: {instructions: Put the almond paste, sugar, butter, flour and 1 egg in the food processor and pulse until it becomes a smooth paste.nDust a work surface with flour and roll the puff pastry into a 12inch square. Spoon small dollops of the almond filling all over the surface of the pastry and then use a spatula or the back of a spoon to spread it out into an even layer. Cut the pastry into three 4inch wide pieces. Sprinkle each with chocolate.nStarting at the long side of one of the pastry pieces, roll it up into a long cylindrical log. Holding one end of the log in each hand, gently snap the dough towards the counter, slapping it down if necessary, so that it stretches to about 15 inches. Repeat with the remaining 2 strips of dough and refrigerate until the dough is firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, adjust 2 oven racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nCut each log, lengthwise, right down the middle so that you have 6 long strips. Arrange them cutside up on the counter. Now cut each strip in half, crosswise, giving you 12 pieces about 7 12 inches long. Gently pull on one piece, just to lengthen it slightly, and then tie into a tight knot with the cutsides up and long tails on each side. Repeat with the remaining strips of dough and arrange on the 2 prepared baking sheets. Chill for 15 minutes.nBeat the remaining egg to make an egg wash. Brush each knot with some of the egg wash and then sprinkle generously first with some of the chopped almonds and then with sugar. Bake, rotating the baking sheets about halfway through, until the knots have puffed and are golden brown on top and deeply golden brown on the bottom, 22 to 25 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then remove to a rack to cool completely. Store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [13 cup 3 12 ounces almond paste, 13 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 large eggs, One 8.5ounce sheet puff pastry, thawed, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, very finely chopped, 3 tablespoons sliced, skinon almonds, finely chopped], title: Chocolate and Almond Knots, picturelink: omNcfnF9ColtYn5sYcmwc1YHx2x0i}, 31404: {instructions: Melt the oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic season with the salt and pepper, and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the peaches, brown sugar, cherries, and mustard. Cook, stirring occasionally, until peaches get nice and juicy and turn into a thick chunky compote, about 8 minutes. Cool and serve at room temperature with chicken or pork., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium shallot, diced, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound frozen peaches about 2 12 cups thawed and roughly chopped, 14 cup brown sugar, 13 cup dried cherries, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Peach Mustard Chutney, picturelink: null}, 31405: {instructions: Place potatoes in a medium saucepan and add water to cover generously. Add salt, turn on the heat, and bring to a simmer. Simmer 20 minutes or until tender when pierced with a knife. Drain and let cool. As soon as they are cool enough to handle, peel. Heat olive oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add peeled potatoes and roll around to coat evenly. Cook 5 minutes until starting to brown. Sprinkle over cilantro and fresh pepper and roll around to coat evenly. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1216 small Yukon Gold or Red Bliss potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Potatoes with Coentro Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 31406: {instructions: Build a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill.nSlice the bananas, in their skins, in half crosswise and then lengthwise so each banana yields 4 pieces. Set aside on a clean platter. In a small bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Drizzle the honey on the cut sides of the bananas and sprinkle them with the cinnamon sugar. Let the bananas sit for 5 minutes.nPlace the bananas, cut side down, on the center of grill. Grill for 2 minutes or until grill marks appear. Using a pair of tongs, turn them over and cook for 5 more minutes, or until the skin pulls away from the bananas. Remove the bananas from the grill and serve them immediately, on top of vanilla ice cream and drizzled with bourbon or liqueur, if desired., ingredients: [2 bananas not too ripe, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons honey, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, Bourbon or other liqueur, for drizzling, optional], title: Grilled Bananas, picturelink: null}, 31407: {instructions: Shave the ParmigianoReggiano into paperthin slices with a vegetable peeler and set aside.nCombine the fennel and mushrooms in a bowl. Whisk together the olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the oil mixture over the mushroom mixture and combine well. Mix in the arugula leaves.nArrange the mushroom mixture on 4 plates and top with the shaved cheese. Drizzle with truffle oil if desired., ingredients: [2ounce piece of ParmigianoReggiano, 1 14 cups thinly sliced fresh fennel, 12 pound fresh porcini mushrooms, stems removed and the mushrooms thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or more to taste, Salt and pepper to taste, Bunch of arugula, stems discarded, leaves washed and spun dry, A few drops white truffle oil optional], title: Fresh Porcini Salad with Fennel, Arugula and Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, picturelink: null}, 31408: {instructions: Preheat the oven at 350 degrees F.nFor the roasted garlic soup:nIn a small pan, pour the olive oil and place each half garlic head HYPERLINK http:fxcuisine.comzoomimage.aspimagehttp:fxcuisine.comblogimagesfrenchcuisinegarlicsoupfrenchgarlicsoup071000.jpgt flat in the oil.nRoast the garlic in the oven for about 40 minutes or until the garlic is soft throughout and nicely browned. Remove the skins from the garlic.nPlace half the cloves garlic in a large pot and mash them with 12 the infused garlic oil. Add the flour and cook on medium heat for 2 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock and thyme and bring to a boil and then let simmer for 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo prepare the artichokes:nStart by cutting off the exterior leaves using a very sharp paring knife. Cut only at the base of the leaf and not into the hard heart.nOnce the heart is visible, cut the top of the artichoke off by first locating the top of the heart. Cooks Note: This is simply done by feeling the artichoke starting at the bottom of the artichoke and feeling progressively upwards. The heart will feel hard where there is no heart, the leaves will feel noticeably soft.nCut through the leaves at the top of the artichoke using a sharp sturdy knife, like a chefs knife.nPeel the stem of the artichoke using a paring knife. Scrape out the choke or the fuzzy center of the artichoke heart. Rub with lemon to prevent the artichoke from discoloring. Cut the artichoke heart and stem into sections.nCook in boiling, salted, and lightly acidulated with lemon juice water until the hearts are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain.nIn a pan, on medium heat the olive oil, add the artichoke and shallots. Saute for 5 minutes, until lightly caramelized. Season with salt and pepper. Add parsley. Keep aside.nTo assemble:nPreheat the oven to broil.nBrush the slices of bread with the remaining garlicinfused oil, garnish with the sauteed artichoke and cheese. Grill in the oven until the cheese is melted and slightly golden brown.nWhen ready to serve, place an artichoke crouton in a shallow bowl, add a ladle of the roasted garlic soup., ingredients: [2 large heads garlic or 4 small, cut in half, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 artichokes, 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 thick slices country bread, 2 cups grated Emmenthal cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Garlic Soup and Artichoke Croutons, picturelink: null}, 31409: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the cheese, hoisin, cilantro, sesame oil, scallions, and freshly ground pepper to your liking. Mix with a spatula until well combined. Taste for seasoning, and avoid the temptation to eat the whole bowl as is.nTo make a sandwich, warm a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Then, lay 2 slices of ham on the bread. Place a layer of apple slices over the ham, and then spoon about 12 cup of the filling on one side of the bread, making sure its evenly spread. Cover with the other slice of bread.nCoat the top slice of bread with a very thin coating of mayonnaise, about 1 teaspoon.nPlace the sandwich in the skillet, mayonnaisecoated side down. Weigh down with another small cast iron skillet, if you have one. After 45 seconds, slather the uncoated side of the sandwich with a similarly thin layer of mayo. Flip. Wait another 30 to 45 seconds and remove to your cutting board. Slice in half. Repeat with the rest of the sandwiches and serve., ingredients: [2 cups shredded Pepper Jack cheese, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 scallions, sliced very thinly, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 thin slices ham, 8 slices Jewish rye bread or whatever bread you like, 1 green apple, cored and sliced thinly, Mayonnaise, for coating], title: Hoisin Ham n Cheese, picturelink: 5EFZHdjliAamt1LhkM1nV16jo.uEvJe}, 31410: {instructions: Preheat waffle iron and read manufacturers instructions. Melt butter in microwave. In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt and sugar. In another bowl, beat together yogurt, milk and egg. Whisk liquid mixture into dry ingredients until just combined. Fold in frozen berries. Stir in melted butter. Brush hot waffle iron with butter or spray. Spoon about 12 cup of batter onto iron, smooth out with back of spoon and close to cook. This first waffle will be the tester. Cook waffle until golden brown. Remove to plate and keep warm. Serve with butter, maple syrup or blueberry syrup., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unssalted butter, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch of baking soda, Pinch cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 14 sugar, 12 cup yogurt, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup frozen blueberries not thawed], title: Berry Waffles, picturelink: null}, 31411: {instructions: Split the lobsters lengthwise using a large chefs knife. Pour the liquid into a small bowl, and remove the liver and set aside. Discard the stomach the small sac behind the eyes. Remove the claws and the legs and set aside. Slice down through the tail meat and the shell at the point of the natural hinges. Slice the body into pieces of the same approximate size.nMelt 4 ounces of the butter in a large heavy saucepan. When the butter starts to turn the color of a hazelnut, add the lobster pieces and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the carrots, tomatoes and tomato paste, and cook over high heat for 10 minutes, turning lobsters often. Once they have turned red all over, remove the lobsters from the saucepan and set aside.nMake the roux by combining the flour and the remaining butter in a separate saucepan. Stirring constantly, heat and mix until you have a light golden paste. Remove the roux to a small bowl.nTo the carrot and tomato mixture, add the shallots, and sizzle for 1 minute without burning. Add the Calvados, ignite, and when the flame dies out, add the cream. Using a whisk, add the roux mixture, and stir until smooth. Bring the sauce slowly to a boil.nIn a separate bowl, mix the reserved livers and lemon juice together, and add salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Add the liver mixture to the sauce and cook for about 5 minutes. You may cook the sauce longer to reduce and thicken it. Once it has reached its desired consistency, add the parsley.nTo serve, place the lobster pieces on a plate to recreate the shape of the lobster and set the claws on each side. Pour the sauce over the lobsters., ingredients: [4 lobsters, 4 ounces butter, plus 4 ounces, Salt and pepper, 2 medium size carrots, diced, 8 tomatoes, sliced in quarters, 6 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup finely chopped shallots, 16 ounces Calvados, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley], title: Lobster in Calvados Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 31412: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a 10inch ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, bell pepper, garlic and a generous pinch each of salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are lightly browned and just tender, about 6 minutes. Add the tomatoes, cumin and cinnamon and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes.nPush the vegetables to one side of the skillet and add the beef to the other side season the beef with salt and pepper. Increase the heat to high and cook, stirring the ingredients together, until the beef is no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Stir in the raisins and olives and remove from the heat.nUnroll the pie crust and center it over the filling press the edge against the inside of the skillet using a fork. Transfer to the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 large red bell pepper, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes with green chiles, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped pimientostuffed olives, 1 piece refrigerated pie dough half of a 14ounce package], title: Skillet Beef Pie, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 31413: {instructions: Prepare the ramekins: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush four 8ounce ramekins with butter. Pour the sugar into 1 ramekin and rotate it to coat the bottom and sides. Pour the excess into another ramekin and repeat to coat all the ramekins tap out any excess. Refrigerate until ready to fill.nMake the bechamel: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a heavybottomed pot over mediumlow heat. Just as the foam subsides, whisk in the flour to make a roux cook, whisking constantly, to remove the starchy taste, 2 to 3 minutes do not allow the roux to brown. Add the warm milk and continue whisking until smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Trace a figure 8 in the bechamel with the whisk if the sauce holds the shape, its done.nFlavor the bechamel: Remove the bechamel from the heat and whisk in the egg yolks one at a time. Season with salt, white pepper and the nutmeg, then whisk in the cheese until melted and smooth. Return the pot to very low heat, if necessary. Transfer to a large bowl and refrigerate until cool.nAdd the egg whites: Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar with a whisk or mixer until stiff peaks form. Fold onethird of the beaten egg whites into the cooled bechamel mixture by slowly and gently scooping from the bottom to the top of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Fold in the remaining egg whites the same way until no streaks of white remain.nBake the souffles: Place the prepared ramekins on a baking sheet. Spoon the batter into the ramekins, filling each about threefourths of the way. Use a towel to wipe the rims clean this will help the souffles rise evenly. Bake until golden and puffed at least 1 inch over the rims, about 25 minutes. Serve immediately with fig compote and other garnishes see below.nTyler dresses up his souffles with honeycomb, chamomile flowers, microgreens and this fig topping:nFig Compote: Combine 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 lemon slices and 2 chamomile tea bags in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags. Add 12 halved dried figs, return to a boil and cook 10 more minutes. Remove the lemon slices. Serve warm.nPhotographs by James Baigrie, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the ramekins, softened, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, warmed, 5 large eggs, separated, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 4 12 ounces mild blue cheese, crumbled about 1 cup, Pinch of cream of tartar, Fig compote and other garnishes see below], title: Blue Cheese Souffles, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 31414: {instructions: Mix the blackberries, cherries, raspberries, strawberries and mint, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup blackberries, halved, 1 cup pitted bing cherries, halved, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup strawberries, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint], title: Red Berry Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 31415: {instructions: Place beef, vegetables, cloves, peppercorns, and bay leaves in a large bowl. Bring wine, water, salt, and pepper to a boil and pour over beef. Cover and refrigerate 3 days, turning beef in marinade twice a day. About 3 hours before youre ready to serve, remove beef from marinade and pat dry with paper toweling reserve marinade. Brown beef and marrowbones well in oil in a large kettle over moderate heat, about 15 minutes. Note: If bones brown before meat, remove temporarily. Add marinade, cover, and simmer 1 12 hours, turn meat, recover, and simmer 1 to 1 12 hours longer until tender transfer to a large platter and keep warm. Strain marinade and discard vegetables scoop marrow from bones, sieve, and add to marinade. Heat 12 cup lard or margarine in a heavy saucepan over moderate heat, blend in flour and brown 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in marinade, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring, until thickened. Mix in gingersnaps and sugar to taste. Carve meat at the table  not too thin or slices will crumble  and serve with plenty of gravy. Or carve in the kitchen, arrange slices slightly overlapping on a platter, and pour some of the gravy down the center pass the rest. Serve with Potato Dumplings, Spaetzle, or boiled potatoes., ingredients: [1 5 pound boned and rolled beef roast rump, chuck, bottom or eye round, 2 mediumsize yellow onions, peeled and sliced thin, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped include top, 1 large carrot, peeled and sliced thin, 3 cloves, 3 peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups dry red wine or red wine vinegar, 3 cups cold water, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 beef marrowbones about 1 pound, 14 cup cooking oil, 12 cup lard, or margarine, 12 cup unsifted flour, 12 gingersnaps, crumbled, 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Sauerbraten, picturelink: null}, 31416: {instructions: Muddle the cherries in a glass, and then fill with ice. Add grapefruit juice, tequila, lime juice, syrup and 1 ounce water and stir. Add a few dashes of BBQ bitters. Garnish with the grapefruit wedge., ingredients: [3 brandied cherries, Ice, 1 12 ounces grapefruit juice, 1 12 ounces tequila, 34 ounce lime juice, 34 ounce black pepper syrup, Dash BBQ bitters, Grapefruit slice, for garnish], title: Turista, picturelink: null}, 31417: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutternFor the filling: Heat the oil in a large saute pan set over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring to break up the turkey, until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the turkey to a bowl and keep the fat in the pan. Add the chili powder, coriander, cumin, garlic, onions and bell peppers, and cook until soft and fragrant, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the meat back to the pan and stir to incorporate. Add the tomato puree, raisins, capers, olives, thyme and bay leaf, and cook until all of the flavors come together and the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Season with the lime juice, salt and pepper. Cool the filling completely.nFor the dough: In a large bowl, sift together the flour, masa harina, baking powder and salt. Stir in the melted butter. Gradually add 12 cup to 34 cup water, and work it in with your hands to incorporate the dough should be easy to handle and not sticky. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nLightly flour a rolling pin and a clean surface. Divide the dough in half. Refrigerate half of the dough and roll out the other half of the dough to 18inch thick. Using a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 10 circles of dough. Repeat with the remaining dough.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water. Spoon 2 generous tablespoons of filling into the center of each pastry circle, leaving a 12inch border. Brush the edges with the egg wash and then fold the dough to enclose the filling and form a semicircle. Tightly seal the edges by crimping with the tines of a fork. Chill for at least 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a small mixing bowl, add the crema, cilantro and lime juice. Mix thoroughly and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet.nPlace the empanadas on the prepared baking sheet and brush the tops with some egg wash. Using a fork, prick a few holes in the tops of the empanadas for the steam to escape. Bake until the empanadas are golden brown, 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon dark chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 12 medium green bell pepper, finely diced, 12 cup tomato puree, 14 cup raisins, 1 tablespoon capers, 7 Castelvetrano olives, pitted and chopped, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg, Butter, for greasing, 1 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cuban Picadillo Empanada and Cilantro Cream Sauce, picturelink: .F1EM3YeZmDLkJ4avqNmqHKIR0yTPA6}, 31418: {instructions: Toast the bread slices and cut each slice into 4 triangular pieces. Set aside.nIn a large bowl mix all the remaining ingredients until well combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nImmediately before serving, arrange the toast triangles on a platter and scoop about 1 tablespoon of egg salad onto each. Top with bacon shards and serve., ingredients: [10 slices pumpernickel or rye bread, 8 eggs, hardboiled, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 13 cup mayonnaise, 3 slices bacon, cooked crisp and cut into shards, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Dijon Herbed Egg Salad Toasts, picturelink: null}, 31419: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. Spread almonds in one layer on ungreased shallow baking pan. Bake for 1015 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden. Set asidenWhisk vinegar, sugar, oil and ginger together refrigerate several hours to allow flavors to blend.nIn large bowl combine cabbage, lettuce, green onion, cilantro, chicken and toasted almonds.nPour dressing over salad just before serving toss to coat., ingredients: [34 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Sliced Almonds, toasted, 3 cups shredded cabbage slaw mix, 2 cups romaine lettuce, thinly sliced, 14 cup green onion, sliced, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 2 12 cups rotisserie chicken meat, shredded, Dressing:, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger], title: Asian Chicken Salad, picturelink: LMKEobP6h7yqy2iP8wFNT1RNM79KNou}, 31420: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan.nFinely chop a small handful of dill and mix with olive oil. Rub the mixture over the squash halves, and grill for 5 minutes. Flip and grill for a few more minutes on the other side.nCooking times depend on various factors most importantly the coal base and heat coming off those coals., ingredients: [1 cup dill, chopped, Olive oil, to taste, 5 summer squash, cut in 12], title: Summer Squash, picturelink: null}, 31421: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. If you have a pizza stone, put that in the oven, but leave a rack empty for baking the pizza rolls.nRoll out 1 pound of the pizza dough 18inch thick on a floured work surface. Using a pizza cutter, trim the edges to make a 12inch square. Starting about 1 inch from the bottom, spread the pizza sauce in a thin line, from the left side to the right. Top with a sprinkling of chopped spinach and a small sprinkling of shredded mozzarella cheese. Starting from the bottom, roll the dough over the filling, and then roll one more half turn. Using a pizza cutter, slice off the completed roll, forming a long tube shape. Then slice the tube into 1 12inch pieces pinch the cut ends to seal, forming little rolls.nRepeat the process with the remaining rolled out dough. You should be able to make about 22 rolls total. You can freeze any leftover dough, or make some quick breadsticks.nPlace the rolls about 1 12inches apart on the baking sheet and brush the tops with some of the egg wash. Bake until golden brown on top, 13 to 16 minutes. And the cheese might be seeping out on the sides, which means youve done something right in life.nWhile the pizza rolls bake, heat the butter and oil and in a medium skillet. Add the mushrooms and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCut the remaining pound of pizza dough in half, and roll out each piece on a floured worked surface to make two roughly 8to10inch rounds. Put the rounds on baking sheets, or use a pizza peel to build 1 pizza at a time if you are using a pizza stone.nDivide and spread the remaining pizza sauce evenly over both crusts. Follow with an even scattering of mushrooms, the whole spinach leaves and the remaining shredded mozzarella. Tear the bocconcini into pieces and scatter them over the tops of the pizzas. Bake both pizzas on the baking sheet or 1 at a time on the stone, until the dough is cooked through and the cheese is browned and bubbly, 13 to 17 minutes.nTop the pizzas with some torn prosciutto and basil leaves and good shavings of Manchego. Serve and inhale., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for the baking sheet, 2 pounds prepared pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, 1 cup prepared pizza sauce more if you need it, 12 cup chopped fresh baby spinach, plus another cup whole leaves, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, One 8ounce package mixed gourmet mushrooms the package I buy contains trumpet, brown clamshell and velvet pioppini, but any mushroom you want to use is fine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 4 balls bocconcini small fresh mozzarella balls, 2 slices prosciutto, Small chunk Manchego cheese, Basil leaves, for garnish], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Pizza Rolls for the Kids and a DressedUp Pie for You, picturelink: YeRs04YoPucoeJ5qSCUq1N0nLKDsRG}, 31422: {instructions: Beat the butter, cream cheese, brown sugar, granulated sugar and salt in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour until incorporated. Beat in 2 ounces of the chopped chocolate. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until the dough is no longer sticky, about 1 hour.nCoat a 24cup minimuffin pan with cooking spray. Divide the dough between the cups about 1 heaping tablespoon each press into the bottoms and up the sides to create cups. If the dough becomes sticky, dampen your fingers. Refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the cookies until browned around the edges and dry in the centers, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the pan, then use the back of a small spoon to gently indent the center of each. Use an offset spatula to remove the cookies from the pan transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, put the remaining 6 ounces chopped chocolate and 3 tablespoons heavy cream in a microwavesafe bowl microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Let stand until thick like hot fudge, 10 minutes. If the chocolate is too thick, gradually stir in 1 more tablespoon heavy cream. If the chocolate hardens, return to the microwave. Spoon the chocolate into the cookies and top with the candies. Let cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped, Nonstick cooking spray, 3 to 4 tablespoons heavy cream, Candycoated chocolates, for topping], title: Milk Chocolate Tassies, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 31423: {instructions: Place water in sauce pan over high heat in medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Add rice, stir. Cover rice and reduce heat to low. Cook rice 18 minutes or until tender.nPreheat coals for tabletop hibachi or preheat grill pan over medium high to high heat.nCombine sherry, sugar, dark soy and oil in a shallow dish. Turn cut chicken and scallions in marinade and let stand 10 minutes. Wash hands.nCombine ginger and soy, oil and sesame oil in a second shallow dish for the beef. Cut raw meat against the grain in thin strips. Thread strips on to skewers, reserving several skewers for chicken, set into ginger and soy mixture. Season meat lightly with steak seasoning blend and turn in ginger and soy to coat. Set meat aside. Wash hands.nToast sesame seeds in a small skillet over moderate heat until they pop and are lightly toasted. This process will develop the flavor of the sesame fully. Combine the sesame seeds with fivespice powder and grill seasoning blend on a piece of wax paper or on a plate. Coat tuna with a scant drizzle of oil and sesame oil to help seeds and spices adhere to fish. Coat fish pieces in sesame and spices.nCook chicken pieces and scallions in a single layer over hot coals or on hot grill pan for 3 or 4 minutes on each side. Transfer chicken and scallions to a serving plate and set several bamboo skewers on the edge of the plate for spearing meat and scallions.nPlace beef skewers on hot grill surface and cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side in a single layer, turning once. Transfer to a serving plate.nCook fish on hot grill surface 1 to 2 minutes on each side and transfer to a serving plate. Tuna will be rare. Serve with several skewers on plates edge for spearing.nTransfer pickled watermelon rind, pickled ginger and pickled onions to ramekins and place along side grilled meats and fish for condiments. Serve with hot rice and extra soy sauce for dipping. Kiwis, tangerines and Asian pears are a nice offering of fresh fruit to round out this light menu., ingredients: [2 34 cups water, 1 12 cups white short grain rice, 3 tablespoons dry sherry, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup Tamari dark aged soy sauce, available on the Asian foods aisle, 2 tablespoons light oil, such as wok oil or vegetable oil, eyeball it, 1 pound chicken breast tenders, cut in half on an angle, 5 scallions, cut in 12, 3 inches fresh ginger root, minced or grated with hand grater or microplane tool, 14 cup tamari dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons light oil, such as wok oil or vegetable oil, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 14 pounds beef sirloin, 1 12 inches thick, Steak seasoning blend or fresh ground black pepper, 1 package, minimum 40 count, 8inch bamboo skewers, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 palmfuls, 1 tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons steak seasoning blend, preferred brand Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 2 Ahi steaks, 8 ounces each, cut into 1 by 3inch pieces, Light oil, such as wok oil or vegetable oil, for drizzling, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Pickled watermelon rind, 1 jar, 14 to 18 ounces, Pickled onions, 14 to 18 ounce jar, Pickled ginger, 1 small glass jar, 10 to 12 ounces, Kiwis, 3 each, Tangerines, 3 each, Asian pears, 3 each, washed], title: Japanese Style Barbecue Party: Chicken Yakitori, Beef with Ginger and Soy, 5 Spice and Sesame Seared Ahi, picturelink: 9lwOtUPI47kBtOEYomMYFfrFzj9swt2}, 31424: {instructions: For the lentils: Soak the lentils in cold water for 2 hours. Drain. To the boiling water, add the lentils. Simmer, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, adding more water if necessary For the rice: To the boiling water, add the salt and butter. Stir in the rice. Reduce heat and simmer, covered for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Remove lid and fluff with a fork. In a sautepan, cook onions in olive oil, then add rice and lentils and seasoning and more water if needed. Simmer approximately 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup small lentils French de Puy or black, 1 12 cups boiling water, 2 14 cups boiling water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 cup long grain rice, 1 large onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Egyptian Lentils and Rice Koushry, picturelink: SULxkyQLT6HrHRb60Pa3Wjjw1XSISV.}, 31425: {instructions: Dice the ahi to 14inch pieces, place in a mixing bowl, and add crushed garlic, fine diced onions, fine diced carrots, soy sauce, sesame seed oil, sesame seeds, chopped pickled ginger, macadamia nuts, fine diced water chestnuts and cilantro. Mix together and garnish with black and green caviar., ingredients: [10 ounces ahi tuna, 1 teaspoon garlic, crushed, 4 ounces onion, 4 ounces carrots, 1 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame seed oil, 4 teaspoons sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons pickled ginger, 1ounce macadamia nuts, chopped, 6 ounces water chestnuts, 12 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 14ounces black caviar, 14ounce green caviar], title: Ahi Salad with Macadamia Nuts and Cilantro Chili Oil, picturelink: null}, 31426: {instructions: Puree a can of white beans in a food processor with 1 or 2 leftover peeled roasted sweet potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup grated parmesan, and salt and pepper. Garnish with toasted nuts and serve with crackers.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: DayAfter Dip, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 31427: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a cookie sheet and dust it with flour.nIn a bowl, beat the egg whites, until soft peaks form. Gently fold in the hazelnuts, almonds, sugar, cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon of flour, vanilla, and amaretto until all the ingredients are evenly distributed without deflating the egg whites too much.nSpoon blobs or heaping tablespoons of batter onto a cookie sheet, leaving approximately 1inch between each cookie. Bake for about 30 minutes, or until firm to the touch. If you prefer chewier cookies, under bake them slightly. Remove the cookies from the oven, transfer them to a wire rack, and let rest for a 12 hour, or until cooled., ingredients: [Butter for greasing the cookie sheet, 6 egg whites, 1 cup toasted hazelnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 cup toasted almonds, coarsely chopped, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, and extra for dusting, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon amaretto, Butter for greasing], title: Brutti Ma Buoni, picturelink: null}, 31428: {instructions: Cover the chicken breast with plastic wrap and gently pound to a uniform thickness to ensure even cooking.nSeason the chicken breast with salt, pepper, and dried tarragon.nPan saute the chicken breast in 2 teaspoons butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Once the chicken in browned on one side, about 4 minutes, flip and add white wine and continue cooking until the internal temperature reads 165 degrees F on an instant read thermometer, about 5 minutes more.nIn another medium skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the sliced mushrooms and cook until golden on each side and tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from pan. Add the spinach to the skillet and cook until slightly wilted, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, roast the red bell pepper under the broiler until the skin is blackened on all sides, about 6 minutes. Place the pepper in a bowl covered with plastic wrap and allow to steam 5 minutes. Peel, seed and slice into 14inch strips.nIn a small bowl, whisk to combine the basil pesto and mayonnaise.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle on medium heat. Butter one side of both slices of the bread and place them butterside down on a cutting board. Build each sandwich by beginning the layering on one of the slices of bread with the sliced mozzarella cheese, the sauteed mushrooms, spinach, roasted red peppers, and chicken. Spread 2 tablespoons of the pesto mayonnaise on the other slice and place it butteredside up on top.nPlace the sandwich on the griddle and cook until golden, about 4 minutes. Flip and continue to cook the other side until it is golden and the filling is warmed and cheese is melted, about 4 more minutes., ingredients: [4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, plus more for brushing on the bread, 2 tablespoons good quality olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 ounces sliced baby portabella mushrooms, 5 ounces baby spinach, 1 medium red bell pepper, 4 tablespoons prepared or homemade basil pesto, 4 tablespoons high quality mayonnaise, 8 slices Italian white sandwich bread, 4 thick slices whole milk mozzarella cheese], title: The Bella, picturelink: null}, 31429: {instructions: Season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper then brown in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Once browned on all sides, add enough water to cover the roast along with the 1 sliced onion and about 6 cloves of garlic. Cook until the meat is fork tender and comes apart with no resistance, about 2 hours. When done, remove the roast to a platter to cool, reserve the beef broth. Hand shred the meat and set aside.nTo prepare the sauce, remove the tops of the dried chilies and shake out most of the seeds. Place the chilies in a large stockpot and cover them with water. Add the cumin, remaining sliced onion and garlic. Boil for 20 minutes until the chiles are very soft. Transfer the chiles to a blender using tongs and add a ladle full of the chile water it is best to do this in batches. Puree the chiles until smooth. Pass the pureed chiles through a strainer to remove the remaining seeds and skins. Pour the chili sauce into a large bowl and add salt, stir to incorporate. Taste to check seasonings, add more if necessary. Add the shredded beef to the bowl of chili sauce, and mix thoroughly. Refrigerate until ready to use.nGo through the dried cornhusks, separate them and discard the silk, be careful since the husks are fragile when dry. Soak them in a sink filled with warm water for 30 minutes to soften. In a deep bowl, combine the masa, baking powder, and salt. Pour the broth into the masa a little at a time, working it in with your fingers. In a small bowl, beat the vegetable shortening until fluffy. Add it to the masa and beat until the dough has a spongy texture.nRinse, drain, and dry the corn husks. Set them out on a sheet pan covered by a damp towel along with the bowls of masa dough and beef in chili sauce. Start with the largest husks because they are easier to roll. Lay the husk flat on a plate or in your hand with the smooth side up and the narrow end facing you. Spread a thin, even layer of masa over the surface of the husk with a tablespoon dipped in water. Do not use too much Add about a tablespoon of the meat filling in the center of the masa. Fold the narrow end up to the center then fold both sides together to enclose the filling. The sticky masa will form a seal. Pinch the wide top closed.nStand the tamales up in a large steamer or colander with the pinched end up. Load the steamer into a large pot filled with 2inches of water. The water should not touch the tamales. Lay a damp cloth over the tamales and cover with lid. Keep the water at a low boil, checking periodically to make sure the water doesnt boil away. Steam the tamales for 2 hours.nThe tamales are done when the inside pulls away from the husk. The tamale should be soft, firm and not mushy. To serve, unfold the husk and spoon about a tablespoon of remaining beef filling on top., ingredients: [2 pounds beef shoulder roast, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 onions, peeled and sliced, 1 garlic bulb, cloves removed and peeled, 4 ounces dried New Mexico chilies, 2 ounces ancho chiles, 2 ounces pasilla chiles, 2 tablespoons cumin seed, toasted, 1 tablespoons salt, 2 bags dried corn husks, about 3 dozen, 4 cups masa mix, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 cups reserved beef broth, warm, 1 cup vegetable shortening], title: Beef Tamales, picturelink: null}, 31430: {instructions: Combine 1 pound diced sushigrade tuna, 1 cup diced cucumber and 14 cup chopped scallions in a bowl. Add 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon each lemon juice, sesame oil and rice vinegar, and 12 teaspoon each red pepper flakes and kosher salt toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes. Serve in Bibb lettuce leaves with root vegetable chips.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Tuna Poke, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 31431: {instructions: With a mandoline or a sharp knife cut carrots into short 18inch thick julienne strips. With a sharp knife cut bell pepper into short 18inch thick julienne strips. In a steamer set over simmering water steam carrots, covered, 5 to 6 minutes, or until crisptender, and transfer to a bowl. Steam bell pepper 1 to 2 minutes, or until crisptender, and add carrots.nHalve fennel bulb lengthwise and core. Cut fennel into short 18inch thick julienne strips. Halve onion lengthwise and cut into short 18 inch thick julienne strips. Add fennel and onion to carrot mixture. In a saucepan bring remaining ingredients to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar, and pour over vegetables. Marinate vegetables covered and chilled, at least 1 hour and up to 1 week. Serve relish chilled or at room temperature with poultry, veal, pork, or lamb., ingredients: [1 pound carrots about 7 medium, 1 red bell pepper, 1 medium fennel bulb about 34 pound, 1 small onion, 34 cup cider vinegar, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 garlic clove, crushed], title: Pickled Carrot, Fennel, and Radish Relish, picturelink: null}, 31432: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees. Spread pine nuts in one layer on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and fragrant, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a shallow bowl, and set aside. Cut cornbread into 34inch cubes, and spread evenly on a baking sheet. Bake, shaking pan periodically, until golden brown on edges, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, and set aside.nIn a food processor, pulse sausage until coarsely chopped do not overprocess. Set aside.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add celery and garlic, and cook until celery is soft, about 5 minutes more. Add sausage and pine nuts, and cook for 1 minute more. Add stock, and cook until absorbed, about 2 minutes.nPour sausage mixture over cornbread, and mix well. Add butter and cilantro, and mix to combine. Let cool completely before stuffing turkey.nYield: Makes about 10 cups, enough for a 16 to 18pound turkeynHeat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly butter an 8inch square pan. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and pepper.nIn another bowl, whisk together buttermilk, jalapenos, egg, sugar, and 2 tablespoons melted butter. Add to dry ingredients, and stir until just combined.nPour batter into prepared pan, and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool for 10 minutes. Invert onto a wire rack to cool completely.nYield: Makes 1 eightinch square, ingredients: [34 cup pine nuts, 1 recipe Jalapeno Cornbread, day old recipe follows, 1 pound cured chorizo sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 small onions, coarsely chopped, 6 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup homemade chicken or turkey stock, or low sodium canned chicken or turkey stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, washed well, dried, and roughly chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 medium jalapenos, diced, with seeds, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup sugar], title: Spicy Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 31433: {instructions: Cook the milk, chocolate, cocoa powder, agave and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, whisking constantly, until the chocolate melts and the cocoa dissolves, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl. Stir in the chia seeds and vanilla. Let cool, stirring every 10 minutes, to room temperature, about 1 hour. Refrigerate, covered, until chilled, 8 hours., ingredients: [2 14 cups 2percent milk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons light agave nectar, Kosher salt, 14 cup chia seeds, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: ChocolateChia Pudding, picturelink: r6QaXn2OWzB0D7bHnEB9zr.KtcAJwm}, 31434: {instructions: Special equipment: a broilersafe 2quart baking dishnPosition an oven rack at the center of the oven, and preheat the broiler.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the package instructions. Reserve 34 cup of the pasta water strain the pasta.nWipe out the pot. Add the butter, and melt over medium heat. Add the shallots, and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 2 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic, and cook, stirring, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the flour, and whisk constantly until it begins to toast, about 2 minutes. The flour will form a thick paste, but thats okay just keep it moving in the pot. Whisk in the milk and the reserved pasta water, and whisk constantly until the mixture is thick like gravy, 3 to 5 minutes. Whisk in the sour cream, 23 cup of the mozzarella, the Swiss cheese and 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan. Once the cheeses have melted, add the spinach, and cook until just wilted, about 1 minute. Stir in the artichoke hearts, pasta, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Transfer to a broilersafe 2quart baking dish.nStir together the remaining 13 cup mozzarella and 3 tablespoons Parmesan in a small bowl. Sprinkle over the pasta. Broil until golden and bubbly, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces wholewheat elbow pasta, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium shallots, finely chopped about 13 cup, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup skim milk, 13 cup reducedfat sour cream, 1 cup lightly packed shredded partskim mozzarella, 23 cup lightly packed shredded lowfat Swiss cheese, 14 cup lightly packed grated Parmesan, One 6ounce bag baby spinach about 6 heaping cups, One 9ounce box frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach and Artichoke Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 31435: {instructions: In a food processor puree half the smoked salmon, add the cream cheese, butter, lemon juice and blend until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the puree to a bowl and stir in the dill. On the paler side of each crepe spread a thin 14 of the puree mixture, top with 14 salmon slices. Roll the crepe tightly to enclose the filling in the crepe. Chill seam side down, covered for at least 1 hour, or until they are firm enough to slice. Slice diagonally into 14inch thick spirals., ingredients: [12 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon, 2 tablespoons cream cheese at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons snipped fresh dill, 4 crepes], title: Smoked Salmon Crepe Spirals, picturelink: null}, 31436: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line an 8 by8inch square baking pan with foil so it hangs over the edges by about 1 inch.nFor the crust: Lightly butter the foil with some of the melted butter. Stir the rest of the butter together with the crumbs, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Press the crumb mixture evenly over the bottom of the pan. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the brownie. Put the butter and chocolate in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Melt in the microwave on 75 percent power for 2 minutes. Stir, and microwave again until completely melted, about 2 minutes more. Alternatively, put the butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with 1 inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl on the pan without touching the water. Stir occasionally until melted. Stir the light brown and white sugars, vanilla and salt into the melted chocolate. Add the eggs and beat vigorously to make a thick and glossy batter. Add the flour and stir until just incorporated.nPour batter into the prepared pan. Bake until the top is crispy and a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out mostly clean, with a few crumbs, about 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove from the oven and carefully position a rack about 6 inches from the broiler and preheat on low. Layer marshmallows across the top and toast under the broiler until golden, keep an eye on it, it can go quick, about 2 minutes. Cool on a rack, gently removing the brownies from the pan using the aluminum flaps. Carefully separate any marshmallow from the foil and fold away. Cut into 12 2inch squares., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups crushed graham cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch fine salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup white sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 large cold eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups large marshmallows], title: Smore Brownies, picturelink: U2cJhxYhbfHKson2EVNBvMtvyWafSdu}, 31437: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace tomatoes in a small baking dish and drizzle with the honey and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and roast until soft. Set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to boil. Add the lobsters and cover the pot. Bring the water back to the boil, reduce the heat, and continue cooking for 12 to 15 minutes or until cooked through. Let cool and remove meat. Leave claws whole, cut body meat into large dice.nCook the chorizo in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat until browned. Remove the chorizo to a plate lined with paper towels.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large saute pan or paella pan until almost smoking. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper and saute for 1 minute. Season the squid with salt and pepper, to taste and add to the pan. Continue cooking an additional 2 to 3 minutes until just cooked through. Add both of the rices, stock, peas, tomatoes, lobsters, and chorizo and stir to combine. Place the mussels and clams in a pot with a cup of water cover the pot and cook until the clams and mussels open. Add the clams and mussels to the rice. Fold in the parsley and lemon aioli and mix until combined, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat. Bring stock to a simmer. Add the saffron to the simmering stock and let cook for 1 minute. Add the hot stock to the rice and let come to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pan and let cook to 15 to 18 minutes, remove cover and fluff with fork.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat. Add the squid ink to the simmering stock and let cook for 1 minute. Add the hot stock to the rice and let come to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pan and let cook for 15 to 18 minutes, remove cover and fluff with forknPlace the garlic, salt, yolks, lemon juice, and zest in a food processor or blender and process until smooth. Slowly add the oil, drop by drop at first, until thickened. Season with white pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup olive oil, divided, 4 lobsters 1 12 pounds each, 12 pound chorizo, cut into 12inch thick slices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 baby squid, cleaned, Saffron rice, recipe follows, Squid Ink Rice, recipe follows, 2 cups chicken stock or clam stock, 1 cup fresh peas, 24 mussels, debearded and scrubbed, 24 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 4 tablespoons lemon aioli, recipe follows, Chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, 2 cups long grain rice, Large pinch saffron, 4 cups hot chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium Spanish onion, diced, 2 cups long grain rice, 2 tablespoons squid ink, 4 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped lemon zest, 34 cup olive oil, Freshly ground white pepper], title: Shellfish and Chorizo Paella with Saffron and Squid Ink Rice, picturelink: null}, 31438: {instructions: In a large stockpot, combine the chicken parts, onion, celery, carrots, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme, garlic, and water. Bring to a boil over high heat, lower the heat, and partially cover. Cook at a barely bubbling simmer for at least 2 hours or up to 4 hours, occasionally skimming off any scum that collects on the surface.nWhen the stock has finished simmering, set aside to cool. Strain the liquid through a sieve or cheeseclothlined colander into a large heatproof bowl. Let cool slightly, cover, and refrigerate. Discard the vegetables and other solids.nRefrigerate the stock until chilled, then skim off the fat. The stock will keep, refrigerated, in a tightly covered container for up to 3 days. The yield varies according to how long the stock has simmered., ingredients: [5 to 6 pounds chicken parts, wings, backs, necks, 1 large yellow onion, quartered, 2 mediumsize stalks celery, quartered with celery leaves, 2 mediumsize carrots, quartered, 6 sprigs parsley, 2 bay leaves, 12 black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon each dried rosemary and thyme, crumbled optional, 2 cloves garlic, 3 quarts water], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 31439: {instructions: Special equipment: Small ice cream scoopnFor the yogurt: Preheat a castiron pan over high heat. Toss the jalapenos in a few tablespoons of canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in an even layer in the pan until soft and skin is blistered. Remove the jalapenos to a bowl, and then cover the bowl with plastic wrap for 15 minutes. Remove the stems and seeds, but do not remove the blistered skin.nCombine the jalapenos, cilantro, parsley, pine nuts and garlic in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil through the feed tube until smooth. Add some salt and pepper and pulse a few times just to combine. If the mixture is too thick, add a few more teaspoons of oil and pulse. Transfer to a bowl.nCombine the yogurt and feta in a bowl. Gently swirl 14 cup of the pesto into the yogurt. Store the remaining pesto in a container with a tight fitting lid and keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. This pesto is great served on grilled chicken or fish.nFor the tahini: Whisk together the tahini, orange juice, pomegranate molasses and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Hold at room temperature for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the salad: Combine the olive oil, parsley, capers, tomatoes, cucumber and lemon juice in a bowl. Season the salad with salt and pepper, and hold at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow flavors to meld.nFor the falafel: Drain the chickpeas through a colander then place on a papertowellined baking sheet to absorb any excess moisture. Rest the chickpeas on the sheet pan until totally dry, a good 30 minutes, at room temperature.nHeat 4 inches of peanut oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 330 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, heat the olive oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and chiles, and cook until soft, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the chickpeas to a food processor, then add the garlic mixture, green onions, cilantro, mint, parsley, lemon juice, baking powder, coriander, cumin and some salt and pepper, and process until the mixture is finely ground, stopping to scrape the bowl every 30 seconds. Transfer the mixture to a bowl.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Using a small ice cream scoop, form the mixture into balls the size of PingPong balls and place on a plate. Fry in batches until they reach a pale blonde color, about 45 seconds, spooning oil over the falafel balls constantly. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared baking sheet. Increase the heat of the oil to 350 degrees F. Return the falafel balls to the oil, in batches, cover the pan with a lid for 30 seconds and fry until a deep brown color, spooning the oil over the falafel constantly. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared baking sheet, and gently smash and immediately season with salt.nPlate 3 smashed falafel balls on top of some tomato salad and drizzle with the tahini for each serving. Serve the yogurt on the side to dip., ingredients: [8 jalapenos, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup tightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup tightly packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more if needed, 1 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 12 cup crumbled Greek feta, 34 cup tahini, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced, 12 English cucumber, finely diced, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups soaked chickpeas, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, chopped, 2 green onions, green and pale green part finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Scant 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Falafel, picturelink: rJSFnL4xK36gUQMH6h64tw0Me4vVlC}, 31440: {instructions: Blend all ingredients together until smooth, pour in desired glass and garnish with a cherry., ingredients: [12 ripe banana, 2 ounces rum cream, 34ounce coffee liqueur, 2 ounces strawberry syrup, 1 scoop crushed ice], title: Sam Choys Hummingbird, picturelink: null}, 31441: {instructions: Drain the beans in a colander and combine them in a large saucepan with the water. Bring up to the boil, then reduce the heat so that the water is simmering. Cook the beans, covered, for 35 to 40 minutes, or until just tender. Drain and set aside. In a bowl, combine the roasted chiles and the ginger with 34 cup of hot water and let soak for 15 minutes. Transfer the chiles and ginger with their water to a blender and blend until smooth. Set the mixture aside. Again in the blender, combine the pitted olives with about 12 cup of water, or just enough to make them move through the blades, and blend until completely smooth. Set this mixture aside. In a large heavy casserole, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, then immediately add the chileginger mixture. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid has evaporated. Add the pureed olive mixture, reduce the heat to low, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the beans and continue cooking for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring gently every few minutes.nRemove from the heat, and let cool to room temperature. When the beans are cool, drain the spring onion and celery julienne and, in a small bowl, toss them with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Serve the beans garnished with the crisp julienne.nNote: To roast ancho chiles, first wipe them clean and remove the stems and seeds. Place the chiles over a gas burner and toast them all over until the skin is slightly bubbly and the flesh is softened. Dont let them char., ingredients: [1 12 pounds dried baby lima beans, rinsed and soaked overnight, 8 cups water, 2 ancho chiles, roasted see Note and chopped, I tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 34 pound Calamata olives, stoned, 12 cup water, or as needed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 10 large scallions, white part only, julienned and left to soak in ice water, 3 ribs celery, strings removed, julienned and left to soak in ice water, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Lima Beans in Olive Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31442: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, add the potatoes, liquid smoke, garlic, a nice pinch of salt, a few grinds of pepper and water to just cover. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Cook until the potatoes are forktender all the way through, about 15 minutes. Drain in a colander and rest the colander over the top of the empty pot to allow the heat to dry the potatoes. Once cool enough to handle but still warm, cut the larger potatoes in quarters and the others in half to make all the same general bite size. Some may not need to be cut at all. Add to a large mixing bowl.nIf using a gas stove, place the pepper directly over a medium flame and allow to char on one side, then rotate until the entire pepper is black and charred. If you dont have a gas stove, roast the pepper on a baking sheet under the broiler or at the highest temperature of your oven. Carefully watch to rotate the pepper and char on all sides. Remove to a resealable plastic bag and close, allowing it to steam for 5 minutes to loosen the skin. Once cool enough to handle, remove the seeds and charred skin and chop the pepper. Set aside.nIn a large pan on medium heat, add the bacon and cook, stirring, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate, leaving the fat in the pan. Add the vinegar, sugar, mustard, paprika, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper to the stillhot pan. Cook at a rolling simmer until the sugar and salt dissolve, about 2 minutes. Add the potatoes and toss until they soak up the vinegar mixture.nTransfer the potatoes back to the large bowl. Add the red peppers, bacon, parsley and scallions and toss. Pour into a serving bowl and serve warm or cold., ingredients: [1 pound red bliss or creamer potatoes, 12 teaspoon mesquite liquid smoke, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red bell pepper, 8 strips bacon, chopped, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, Dash of hot Hungarian paprika, 12 cup gently chopped fresh curly parsley, 4 scallions, finely chopped], title: Sunnys Warm German Potato Salad, picturelink: THRiuQwZPWtWCjpqDs8wroLLOaImHCG}, 31443: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to boil for pasta.nIn the skillet heat the olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the ground veal and lightly brown and crumble, then add the chopped carrot, shallots, garlic, and sage and season with salt and a little pepper and cook to soften carrots and onions, about 5 minutes, stirring frequently, add the wine and turn the heat down a bit to simmer gently.nMeanwhile, drop the pasta in salted water and undercook by 2 minutes from package cooking directions.nIn a saucepot over medium to mediumhigh heat, add butter and melt, whisk in the flour for 1 minute then whisk in the milk, bring to a bubble and season with more salt than pepper and a few grates of nutmeg. When the sauce has thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon taste and adjust nutmeg and pepper to your liking.nAdd the spinach to the veal until it is wilted and incorporate, then stir together the pasta, veal mixture, and sauce. Pour the mixture into a casserole and top with the cheeses. Cool, cover and store for a makeahead meal.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the casserole on a baking sheet to catch the drips and bake in a hot oven until brown and bubbly, 35 to 45 minutes if reheating, 15 to 20 minutes, if not., ingredients: [2 bundles farm spinach, trimmed, washed and dried, chopped, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground veal, 1 small carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 2 large shallots or 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons very thinly sliced fresh sage a small handful of leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dry white wine or chicken stockinabox, 1 pound ziti, whole wheat pasta or whole grain ziti, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 rounded tablespoons flour, 2 12 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, to your taste, About 1 12 cups grated Italian fontina recommended: Fontina Val DAosta or 6 ounces Gruyere cheese, About 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Baked Ziti with Spinach and Veal, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 31444: {instructions: Puree 2 cups thawed frozen strawberries, peaches or mixed berries and 3 tablespoons white grape juice concentrate with no added sugar in a blender. Stir about 13 cup of the fruit puree into 1 cup lowfat milk. Cover and refrigerate the remaining puree for up to 5 days.nPhotographs by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Flavored Milks, picturelink: RMyeKfxtSt4fTphqDKoc.6K6f5XJ1B6}, 31445: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Break all of the pasta sheets into irregular, larger than single bitesized pieces. Salt the water, then add the pasta and cook to a little shy of al dente. Drain and set aside in a large bowl.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a heavy bottomed pot or large skillet over medium heat. Add the meat, press it into an even layer and brown it for 3 to 4 minutes before moving. Turn the meat and add the onions and grated carrot. Stir and cook a few minutes to soften, then add the garlic, bay leaves, salt and pepper, to taste, and the cinnamon. Cook for a couple of minutes, then stir in the tomato paste, wait for 1 minute then add the wine. Reduce for a minute more, then add the tomatoes, breaking them up as you stir. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the basil.nWhile the sauce simmers, in a medium sauce pot, melt the butter over medium heat and whisk in the flour. Cook for 1 minute, then whisk in the milk and nutmeg, and season with salt, pepper, to taste. Let cook for a couple of minutes to thicken, then stir in 12 cup of the grated cheese and turn off the heat.nHeat a broiler.nAdd the meat sauce to the bowl with the pasta and toss. Layer half of the pasta into a lasagna pan and scatter with dollops of fresh ricotta cheese. Top with remaining pasta. Pour the white sauce over the pasta and scatter the remaining 1 cup of the grated cheese over the top. Put under the broiler to brown and bubble. Remove from the broiler and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds curly edge lasagna noodles, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground beef, pork and veal mix, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, grated or finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated, 2 fresh bay leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup white wine, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, A handful basil leaves, torn, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 to 2 12 cups milk, eyeball the amount, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 cups fresh ricotta cheese], title: Sloppy Lasagna, picturelink: yn.S5QjqsVnvU46g9HScf0.HVVCekS}, 31446: {instructions: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil.nPlace the rice in a large bowl, rinse with cold water and drain in a colander until the water runs totally clear. Drain well.nAdd the rice to the pot and boil until the grains are soft on the outside but still hard at the center, about 6 minutes. Drain the rice and rinse under cold water.nMeasure out 1 14 cups of the parcooked rice and transfer to a bowl stir in the yogurt, the 1 tablespoon melted butter and 14 teaspoon salt.nMelt the oil and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter together over mediumlow heat in a 2 to 3quart nonstick pot with a tightfitting lid. Add the yogurt rice and spread it evenly to cover the bottom of the pot. Add the remaining rice, mounding it into a pyramid shape. Insert the handle of a wooden spoon into the mound 3 or 4 times to make vents for steam to escape. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook until the rice starts to steam, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cover the pot, first with a clean towel and then with a lid. Steam until the rice is fully cooked and a golden brown crust has formed on the bottom, about 50 minutes.nSpoon the loose rice onto a platter, then use a firm spatula to remove the crust from the pan. Top the rice with the crust and sprinkle with the parsley and sumac if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 cups basmati rice, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon sumac, optional], title: Crispy Rice, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 31447: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 paper cupcake liners, a pastry bag fitted with a number 866, 867 or 868 star tip, a 805 or 806 straight piping tip and a 2inch circle cookie cutternFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to mediumlow beat in half of the flour mixture, then all of the milk, then the remaining flour mixture until just combined.nTransfer onethird of the batter to separate medium bowl. Add the pink or blue food coloring and stir until uniform in color. Using an ice cream scoop, add scoops of colored batter back to the bowl with the plain batter in an evenly spaced circle. Run a butter knife or skewer through the batters to create a swirled and marbled look.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared muffin cups using the same ice cream scoop, filling each threequarters full. Bake, rotating the pan halfway through, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack and let cool for 5 minutes, then remove the cupcakes to the rack to cool completely.nFor the vanilla American buttercream: Combine the butter, confectioners sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer and beat on low speed until mostly incorporated. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until smooth. Adjust the consistency with milk as desired. Use immediately or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days. If refrigerated, allow to come to room temperature and then beat on mediumhigh speed until smooth before using.nFor the assembly: Use yellow food coloring to tint the buttercream pale yellow. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip such as number 866, 867 or 868 with the buttercream. Pipe buttercream in a swirl over the top of each cupcake to cover it completely.nSprinkle a work surface with cornstarch and roll out the skintone fondant to roughly 18 inch thick. Cut out 4 circles with a 2inch circle cutter. In the middle of each circle, create eyes by making 2 halfmoon indentions with the small end of a straight piping tip such as number 805 or 806. Roll 4 smalls balls of fondant to make noses, brushing them with water to secure them to the face. Set the faces aside.nRoll out the pink andor blue fondant to about 18 inch thick. Use the 2inch circle cutter to cut out 2 circles. Use a knife to cut the circles in half to form hats. Cut a small strip from the flat end of each semicircle and stack it on the bottom of each hat to make a border, securing with water. Brush additional water onto the back of the hats and secure them to the faces.nCut 4 small circles of pink fondant using the small end of the straight piping tip. Brush with water and attach to the faces as the base of a pacifier. Roll 8 small balls of pink fondant. Use 4 to attach to the hats as pompoms and 4 to attach to the small circles to complete the pacifiers. Lay the fondant faces on top of cupcakes., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 23 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 5 to 6 drops pink or blue food coloring, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch of fine salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 to 4 tablespoons milk, Yellow food coloring, Fondant dyed in pink, blue, yellow and skin tones, Cornstarch, for rolling], title: Baby Shower Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 31448: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernFor the chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and spray two 9inch cake pans with baking spray. In a the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment running at low speed, combine the sugar, flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Turn up the speed slightly and mix in the eggs, milk, vegetable oil, sour cream and vanilla extract until just combined. In a medium bowl pour 1 13 cups boiling water over the cocoa powder and blend well with a whisk. Pour the cocoa mixture into the mixing bowl with the other ingredients and mix until well incorporated. Divide the batter evenly into two prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pans on a rack 15 minutes, then turn the cakes out onto racks and let cool completely, about 45 minutes.nFor the Swiss meringue buttercream:Place a metal mixing bowl over a pot of simmering water to create a double boiler, making sure that the bottom of the bowl is not touching the water. Put the sugar and egg whites in the bowl and whisk lightly until the mixture reaches 140 degrees F, all the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is silkysmooth to the touch. Pour the egg white mixture into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and add the vanilla. Beat until fluffy, glossy white peaks form, 5 to 10 minutes. Lower the mixer to the slowest speed and slowly add the butter and salt. The mixture will slowly thicken up and smooth out into the silkiest buttercream evernFor the chocolate ganache: Warm the heavy whipping cream over medium heat until it is just boiling, then pour over the chocolate chips and let sit, 1 minute. Stir the mixture with a whisk until all of the chocolate chips are melted and you have a smooth, creamy texture you may microwave for 30 seconds and mix again until all of the chips are melted. Add the vanilla extract.nAssemble the cake: Place one of the cake layers on a serving plate and coat the top with some of the Swiss meringue buttercream reserve the remainder for another use. Chop up the strawberries and sprinkle them over the buttercream. Place the second layer of cake on top and ice the entire cake with the chocolate ganache. Enjoy, ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray, 2 cups sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 13 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, Fresh strawberries, for garnish, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 pounds semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Birthday Cake, picturelink: 15jCZNxXmabmpsMejMrNTqKNkcB88de}, 31449: {instructions: Blend the ingredients, except the pasta, together in a blender or food processor.nIn a large pot, cook the spaghetti until al dente, drain and toss with the pesto., ingredients: [2 bunches large mint, 2 large bunches parsley, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 garlic cloves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, pecorino, or grana padano cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound of spaghetti], title: Spaghetti with Mint and Parsley Pesto, picturelink: 8UO.UTk48VDRhe67cn1ZEiTm0hpq}, 31450: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the rigatoni according to the package instructions drain and set aside to cool.nSaute the onions in the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Crumble in the sausage, add the crushed red pepper and cook for a couple of minutes. Add the marinara sauce, mix everything together and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool.nTo assemble, add about 2 spoonfuls of the saucejust enough to coat the bottomto a baking dish. Then layer half of the cooled noodles, half of the mozzarella cubes and half of the remaining sauce. Repeat the process: layer the remaining noodles, mozzarella and sauce, then top with the Parmesan. Cover and put in the fridge or freezer until ready to cook.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the rigatoni until heated through and bubbling, 25 minutes straight from the fridge, or 2 hours straight from the freezer. Garnish with minced parsley before serving., ingredients: [1 pound rigatoni, 1 onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds Italian sausage, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Two 25ounce jars marinara sauce, Two 8ounce balls fresh mozzarella, cut into large cubes, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Minced fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Cheesy Sausage Rigatoni, picturelink: ZPfYy6TMJK2yiFc60Rs7en26Lnz0le}, 31451: {instructions: Cut the tuna into 24 equalsize cubes. Quarter the mushrooms. Cut the peppers and onion into 12inch squares. Divide the ingredients equally among the 8 skewers, alternating squares of vegetable and tuna. Pour 1 cup of the SherrySoy Marinade over the kebabs and marinate, refrigerated, 2 to 3 hours.nDissolve the wasabi in the remaining 12 cup marinade to make a spicy dipping sauce to serve at the table with the grilled tuna.nOn a hot outdoor grill or under a broiler, sear the kebabs 2 to 3 minutes on each side. The tuna should be medium rarestill red in the centerwhen served with the dipping sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan and heat to just below the boil. Remove from the heat. Cool. This marinade may be stored in a refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Use to marinate chicken, shrimp, or pork for several hours before grilling. Yield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 12 pounds sashimigrade tuna, deep red in color, 16 large shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 2 large sweet red peppers, 1 large red Bermuda onion, 8 large bamboo skewers, soaked in water, 1 12 cups SherrySoy Marinade recipe follows, 1 to 2 teaspoons Wasabi paste depending on how hot you want it, 12 cup canola, vegetable, or peanut oil, 12 cup dry not cooking sherry, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peeled and finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, tightly packed, 3 whole scallions, sliced, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white vinegar, 1 tablespoon Annatoo Achiote paste, 2 tablespoons ground cumin], title: Tuna Kebabs with Wasabi Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31452: {instructions: Pit cherries over a bowl. In a saute pan dissolve sugar in 1 cup water, add lemon zest and bring to a boil. Mix arrowroot with a little cold water to make a paste. Whisk arrowroot paste into boiling syrup and cook, stirring, until thickened. Add cherries and poach over low heat for 5 to 7 minutes until tender. Heat Kirsch in a separate saucepan. Pour over cherries and CAREFULLY ignite with a long match. Shake pan until flames die down. Scoop ice cream into 4 glass bowls. Spoon cherries and syrup over and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh Bing cherries, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1inch strip lemon zest, 1 teaspoon arrowroot, 14 cup Kirsch, 1 quart vanilla ice cream], title: Cherries Jubilee, picturelink: null}, 31453: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the rum, vanilla extract, brown sugar, molasses and cinnamon. Bring the mixture to a simmer and stir to dissolve the brown sugar. Shut off the heat and keep warm on the stove.nHeat a cast iron skillet over medium heat. When the skillet feels pretty hot, add the butter and allow it to brown slightly. Toss in the bananas and arrange them, with a wooden spoon, in a single layer in the pan. Sprinkle with a tiny pinch of salt and cook for about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Turn them on their second side and cook for an additional 30 seconds. Pour in the rum mixture and stir to coat. Serve immediately with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [3 12 tablespoons dark rum, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 bananas, peeled, sliced lengthwise and crosswise, Pinch kosher salt, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 31454: {instructions: Preheat a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and cayenne and whisk to combine. Whisk in the beer, being sure to remove any lumps.nCut the catfish fillets in half lengthwise to make 2 strips. If desired, cut into bitesized pieces. In a small bowl add the salt, pepper and granulated garlic. Season the fillets with some of the salt mixture. Reserve the remaining salt mixture for another use.nDip each strip in the beer batter and add to the fryer, a few at a time, moving them around so they dont stick. Fry until brown and crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the fryer to a serving platter. Repeat with the remaining fillets and season the fish with lemon juice., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12ounce bottle amber beer, 4 6ounce catfish fillets, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Big Daddys DeepFried Catfish, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 31455: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a bowl and set aside.nCream together the brown sugar, butter and granulated sugar in a stand mixer, scraping the bowl once while mixing. Add the eggs 1 at a time, mixing, then add the vanilla. Add the flour mixture in increments, mixing gently after each addition. Scrape the bowl once and mix again. Divide the dough in half. Fold the chocolate chips and pecans into half the dough and the cherries and lime zest into the other half.nSpoon each portion of dough onto a long piece of plastic wrap. Carefully roll the dough inside the wrap, pressing gently to get it to form into a firm cylinder. Use immediately or freeze until ready to bake.nWhen ready to bake, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice off as many cookies as youd like and lay the slices on a baking sheet. The thicker the slices, the farther apart the cookies need to be. They bake up flat. Bake the cookies until nice and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool on a rack and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups packed brown sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 12 cup chocolate chips, 14 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup chopped dried cherries, Zest of 1 lime], title: One Dough, Two Cookies, picturelink: zEN1pIKxIlkPP0igyZkR2Ro33bmmu2}, 31456: {instructions: In a 3quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, bring chicken, water, soy sauce, sugar, Sherry, ginger, and star anise to a simmer, covered. Cook until meat is cooked and tender, about 10 minutes.nTransfer chicken to a serving bowl and keep warm, covered.nSkim off any fat from sauce and boil sauce until syrupy and reduced by half, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir cornstarch mixture and whisk into sauce. Boil, whisking, until thickened and shiny, about 1 minute. Discard ginger and star anise.nPour sauce over chicken and sprinkle with scallions.nCooks note: Use a paper towel to blot up any last bits of fat from surface of sauce after skimming., ingredients: [2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, trimmed, 1 cup water, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons mediumdry Sherry, 2 14inchthick slices fresh ginger, smashed, 2 whole star anise, 2 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 2 teaspoons cold water, 2 scallions, chopped], title: RedCooked Chicken, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 31457: {instructions: In small bowl, whisk together dressing ingredients until smooth.nPlace lettuce in bowl, and drizzle or toss with dressing.nThen sprinkle with toasted almonds., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, ground, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons dill, fresh chopped, 6 cups baby lettuce mix, loosely packed, 1 cucumber, seeded, sliced into 12 moons, 1 cup seedless green grapes, picked from stem and rinsed, 8 oz. wt. about 1 14 cups salad shrimp, Dressing from above, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Dilled Shrimp and Grape Salad, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 31458: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut a pocket into the side of each pork chop going 34 of the way through. Season chop with salt and pepper and stuff the pocket with the cranberry filling.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium ovenproof saute pan over high heat. Add the pork chops and sear on both sides. Add 1 cup chicken cranberry sauce. Place the pan in the oven and roast until the meat is firm to the touch, about 8 to 10 minutes. Spoon the chickencranberry sauce on a plate and top with pork chops. Garnish with dried cranberries and toasted pine nuts.nPlace the cranberries in a medium bowl and cover with boiling water, let sit 30 minutes to rehydrate. Drain and reserve soaking liquid. Place cranberries and remaining ingredients in a food processor with a 14 cup of the soaking liquid and process until smooth. Pass through a fina strainer. Season with salt.nPlace chicken stock in a nonreactive medium saucepan over high heat and cook until reduced to 2 cups. Add, wines, cranberry juice, brown sugar, peppercorns and chipotle puree and continue cooking until thickened to a sauce consistency. Season with salt., ingredients: [4 pork chops, 1inch thick, Salt and freshly pepper, Cranberry filling, recipe follows, Cranberry sauce, recipe follows, Olive oil, Dried cranberries, Toasted pine nuts, 1 cup sundried cranberries, 2 tablespoons pinenuts, toasted, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cascabel chile powder, Salt, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup red wine, 14 cup cranberry juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, Salt], title: Grilled Pork Chops Filled with Sundried Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 31459: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat an indoor or outdoor grill to high.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large resealable bag or nonreactive container combine the vinegar, water, 1 tablespoon of the salt and 1 tablespoon of the pepper, 4 of the garlic cloves and the ribs. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes only.nRemove the ribs from the brine and season both sides with the remaining salt and pepper. Sear the ribs on an indoor grill or outdoor if available, until lightly browned.nIn a large roasting pan, fitted with a rack, arrange the ribs on the rack and pour in half of the beer. Drink or discard the remaining beer. Add the onion and remaining garlic cloves. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and put into the hot oven. Reduce the heat to 300 and roast for 1 12 hours. Remove the foil and baste the ribs with the BBQ Sauce. Roast for 7 minutes, then turn the ribs over, baste again and roast for another 7 minutes.nRemove the ribs from the oven to a cutting board and slice between the ribs. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion and serrano and cook until the onion is translucent. Stir in the garlic and the ginger and cook for 1 to 2 minutes longer, being cautious not to burn the mixture. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar and then add the raspberries, jam and molasses. Stir to combine, then lower heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender, then strain through a sieve into a bowl or jar, to remove the seeds, pushing the sauce through as much as possible. Can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for up to a week., ingredients: [1 cup apple cider vinegar, 4 cups water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, 10 garlic cloves, smashed, 3 pounds baby back ribs, silver skin removed, racks cut in 12, 12 bottle beer, 1 yellow onion, peeled and quartered, BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup yellow onion, 1 tablespoon minced serrano pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 cups raspberries, frozen, 13 cup seedless raspberry jam, 3 tablespoons molasses], title: Vinegar Brined Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 31460: {instructions: In a dry large skillet arrange 1 of the large tortillas, sprinkle it with 12 cup of the Monterey Jack, and ingredients of choice and fold tortilla in half. Cook the quesadilla over moderate heat for 4nminutes on each side, or until the cheese is melted and the tortilla is browned lightly. Cut the quesadilla into 4 wedges and garnish it with a coriander sprig. Make 3 more quesadillas in the same manner with the remaining tortillas and ingredients., ingredients: [2 small red onions, sliced thin, 4 large flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack, 14 cup minced fresh coriander plus sprigs for garnish, 2 scallions, minced, Dried hot red pepper flakes to taste], title: FamilyStyle Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 31461: {instructions: In a bowl, combine all ingredients for vinaigrette and whisk together well. In a saute pan, heat olive oil until smoking. Add mushrooms and saute until they are cooked through, approximately 1 minute, depending on the mushrooms. The mushrooms should be lightly browned. Add minced shallots and chopped chives to the pan and toss thoroughly, remove pan from flame.nPlace an equal amount of the frisee in the middle of each of the 4 plates. In a bowl combine the warm mushrooms and the pancetta with the black trufflesoy dressing. Add salt pepper to taste. Spoon an equal amount of the mixture over and around the pile of frisee on each plate. Serve while the mushrooms are still warm., ingredients: [1 ounce canned black truffle juice available at specialty food stores, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 1 ounce mild soy sauce, 3 ounces olive oil, 1 ounce olive oil, 12 ounces 3 cupsbefore cooking wild mushrooms, preferably chanterelles or shiitakes, 1 large shallot, 4 tablespoons chives, finely chopped, 8 cups frisee, loosely packed, bottom trimmed and rinsed, 4 ounces pancetta, diced into medium size squares and rendered], title: Frisee, Pancetta and Warm Wild Mushroom Salad with Black TruffleSoy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 31462: {instructions: Special equipment: pastry bag with a large plain tip, 1 large or 2 small mini muffin tins, ungreasednTo make the confit: Cut a slice off the top and bottom of each lemon to expose the flesh. Cutting from top to bottom and following the contours of the fruit, cut off the peel and white pith in 1inch wide strips. Scrape off any pulp adhering to the strips, but leave the pith intact.nYou now have several 1 inch wide strips of lemon peel and pith. Cut each one into long strips, about 14 inch by 3 inches each.nMeanwhile, boil a kettleful of water. Pour about 2 cups of the boiling water into a small saucepan, bring back to a boil add all the lemon rind, and boil for 30 seconds. Drain in a strainer and rinse the rind under cold running water. Repeat 2 times more, using fresh boiling water each time.nCombine the sugar and 2 cups of tap water in the saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the blanched rind and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer the rind until tender, about 1 hour. Drain the rind in a strainer reserve the sweet, lemony syrup for sweetening drinks, if you like. Arrange the strips on a wire rack, using your fingers to gently spread them out so that they do not touch each other. Let them cool and store them in an airtight container.nTo make the cake: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSift the sifted cake flour with 12 cup of the sugar 3 times this is to aerate the mixture and make it lighter. Set aside.nWhip the egg whites in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, gradually add the remaining cup of sugar and continue whipping until the egg whites are stiff and the sugar is dissolved, about 30 seconds more.nFold the sifted floursugar mixture into the whites by hand just until incorporated. Fold in the lemon zest and vanilla extract.nSpoon or pipe the batter into the cups of the ungreased mini muffin tin, filling the cups until almost full they will not expand much. Bake until the cakes are light golden brown, 12 to 16 minutes.nLet the cakes cool in the tin, then run a butter knife around the edges to cut the cakes free, leaving the browned walls and bottom of the cake in the pan. Remove the cakes from the tin and place on a wire rack set over a sheet pan.nTo finish the dessert, stir the glaze ingredients together until smooth, Turn the cakes over to the brown top becomes the base. Dip the new top the white side of each cake into the glaze, then carefully place it on the wire rack, glaze side up, to set.nChop the lemon confit you may not need all of it and make a little mound of chopped confit in the center of each cake. Let the glaze set for 30 minutes before serving the cakes., ingredients: [2 large lemons, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 18 cups sifted cake flour, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups egg whites from about 12 eggs, preferably at room temperature, 1 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 cups confectionersu2019 sugar, Special tools: pastry bag with a large plain tip, 1 large or 2 small mini muffin tins, ungreased], title: Tiny Lemon Angel Cakes with Lemon Confit, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 31463: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat 2 ounces butter over medium heat. Add shallots and thyme. Saute for 1 minute. Add black trumpet mushrooms and saute for 3 to 4 minutes over medium low heat. Add Quail Stock to the mushrooms and simmer for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nGrill quail breasts over hot coals until golden brown and crispy on both sides and just cooked through. Grill the leeks and set aside. Hold in warm oven until ready to plate.nBring large pot of water to boil for pasta. Drop pasta into salted boiling water and cook for 3 minutes.nWhen the pasta is cooked, drain and add to stock. Simmer for 1 minute. Add chives and parsley. Divide pasta into bowls. Pour sauce and mushrooms over pasta. Place quail breasts on pasta. Place grilled leeks on quail and top all with pea tendrils. Serve immediately.nHeat olive oil in heavy bottomed saucepan over high heat. Add carcasses and cook until golden brown. Add carrots, onion, celery, thyme, bay leaf and garlic. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes stirring often. Add light chicken stock and simmer for 1 hour. Skim off fat as it rises to the top.nBring water to boil. Steep saffron in boiling water for 30 minutes, covered. Combine sifted flour, egg yolks and salt in a mixer with dough hook attachment. Add watersaffron mixture and mix all ingredients for 10 minutes at low speed until dough is silky and elastic. If too dry, add water. If to wet add flour. Once pasta dough has been properly worked, rest for 1 hour in refrigerator. To Roll: Slice off one 2inch slice of the dough and flatten with your hand and dust with flour, if needed. With the pasta machine open to widest setting, roll pasta through. Decrease the size by 1 12 increments each time and continue this process until pasta is very thin. Cut into 8inch lengths, 1inch wide. Hold in refrigerator until ready to cook., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 4 ounces black trumpet mushrooms, cleaned, 8 ounces Quail Stock, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 4 quail breasts, boned, skinned and wrapped in prosciutto, bones reserved, 12 strips Saffron Pasta, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chives, sliced, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 8 baby leeks, blanched, 12 pea tendrils, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Quail carcasses, saved from above, 1 carrot, diced, 12 onion, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 clove garlic, 2 cups light chicken stock, 12 cup boiling water, 1 tablespoon saffron, 2 cups flour, 4 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Grilled Quail Breast Wrapped in Prosciutto with Black Trumpet Mushrooms, Baby Leeks, Pea Tendrils and Saffron Noodles, picturelink: null}, 31464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 small or 1 large tart pan.nIn a stand mixer, fitted with the dough blade, add the butter and sugar and mix until light and fluffy, about 6 minutes. Add in the yolks, 1 at a time, then add the vanilla and combine well. Remove the bowl from the mixer and gently fold in the flour. Stir in the cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough just comes together. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nLemon Curd: In a double boiler over mediumhigh heat, add all of the custard ingredients and whisk constantly until the mixture thickens and reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from heat and strain through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl. Cover the bowl, pressing plastic wrap onto the top of the custard and refrigerate until cool, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and let it rest for 15 minutes less if it is a hot day. Roll out on a silicone mat to 18 to 14inch thick. Cut and press into the tart pans. Chefs Note: You can cut shapes out of the scraps to decorate or nibble on. Just brush the shapes with egg wash, sprinkle with a little tubinado sugar and bake until golden, about 10 minutes.nPrick the bottom of the tarts with a fork and refrigerate for 15 minutes.nPut the tarts on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Cool before filling.nIf using, whip the heavy whipping cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form.nFill the shells with about 3 tablespoons of the curd and arrange fruit as desired on top. Garnish with a small dollop of the whipped cream and serve immediately. Can be made 20 to 30 minutes in advance and kept in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water, 3 large eggs, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon zest, 34 cup Meyer lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup whipped cream, optional, 12 pint blueberries, 8 to 10 strawberries, sliced, 12 pint blackberries], title: Super Tarts, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 31465: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms, red onion, garlic, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and wine, raise the heat to high, and continue cooking until reduced by half, about 4 more minutes.nRemove from the heat, pour 12 the soup into a tall plastic container cup, and puree using an immersion blender. Return the puree to the pan and heat over high heat, while stirring in the spinach and cream in batches.nDivide the soup among 2 bowls and serve each garnished with 6 enoki stems., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 ounces button mushrooms, rinsed and sliced, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups nosugar, lowsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons white wine, 1 cup trimmed and washed spinach leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 12 enoki mushroom stems, bottoms removed, optional], title: Mushroom Florentine Soup, picturelink: null}, 31466: {instructions: Bring water and salt to boil in large saucepan. While whisking water in circular motion, pour in cornmeal in a slow steady stream, keeping the water boiling as you do so. Reduce heat to low and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick, from 5 to 15 minutes depending on kind of cornmeal used. Add cream, Parmesan and herbs. Pour into greased pan. Cool and refrigerate, covered. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut polenta into slices and brush with oil. Place on cookie sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until heated through., ingredients: [3 13 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 13 cup whipping cream, 14 cup Parmesan, 34 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Baked Herbed Polenta, picturelink: null}, 31467: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Marinate the zucchini in vinaigrette for 10 minutes at least. Remove the portobello stems. Then, very carefully, slice them in half horizontally so you end up with two 8 large rounds. Set the rounds on a baking sheet and spread each round with some olivada and about a tablespoon of cheese. Add the marinated zucchini strips to the baking sheet and roast for 10 minutes. Remove the mushrooms and zucchini from the oven and assemble. Set a portobello round on the bottom of a dinner plate and top with zucchini, cover with another portobello round and cover with zucchini. Garnish the top and sides with tomato salsa, chives and black olives slices., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini, cut into 14inch thick vertical strips, 12 cup vinaigrette, 4 portobello mushrooms, 2 tablespoons green or black olivada olive paste, 12 cup robiolla or soft fresh goats cheese, Tomato salsa see recipe below, Snipped chives and sliced pitted cured black olives for garnish], title: Portobello and Zucchini Sandwiches with Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 31468: {instructions: Sprinkle the ground beef evenly with 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Gently form the meat into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4inchwide, 1inchthick patties. Make a 2inchwide indentation in the center of each with your thumb to prevent the burgers from bulging when grilled.nPreheat a grill to high. Season the patties with salt and pepper. Grill, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn and grill until the other side is marked and the patties feel firm, 3 to 5 more minutes if desired, top each burger with 2 slices cheese during the last 2 minutes of cooking and cover with a disposable aluminum pan to melt.nServe the patties on the buns top with lettuce and tomato.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 pounds 80 lean ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 thin slices cheddar cheese optional, 4 soft sesame buns, split, Bibb lettuce and sliced tomato, for topping], title: Perfect Beef Burgers, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 31469: {instructions: Place gelatin and water in a small saucepan over low heat and melt it. Combine the remaining ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer. Add the melted gelatin to the mixer and beat at low speed until combined. This will form a paste or dough. Place in the refrigerator for a few minutes to let harden slightly.nUse a rolling pin and roll the fondant to a thickness of about 14inch thick. Use cornstarch to flour the work surface and the rolling pin. Roll the fondant around the rolling pin to transfer it to the top of the cake.nThe next task will be easier if you use a turntable. Place the fondant over the cake and unroll it. Use your fingers to gently position the fondant and smooth the top and sides. Be careful to avoid folds. It may be easier if you gently stretch it into place. Use a paring knife and cut away the excess using the bottom of the cake as the guide. Reserve the rest for a future cake., ingredients: [1 tablespoon gelatin, 14 cup water, 12 cup corn syrup, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons shortening, 8 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Cornstarch, for dusting, 1 cake  see recipe for Classic Genoise Show JQ1A03], title: Rolling Fondant, picturelink: null}, 31470: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs with the melted butter until well mixed and the consistency of wet sand. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch springform pan to create the crust. Wrap the outside of the pan with aluminum foil and set aside until ready to use.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, add the cream cheese and sugar and cream together. Add the whole eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the egg yolks, eggnog, vanilla and cinnamon, mixing well after each ingredient.nDivide the mixture equally among 3 bowls and add purple food coloring to one bowl, yellow to another and green to the third. Mix the color into each bowl of batter, adding more until the desired hue is attained traditionally the king cake has deep, rich, royal colors. Transfer all 3 batters into 1 bowl, and use 2 motions with a spoon to swirl the colors together. Pour the mixture into the graham cracker crust.nPlace the springform pan into a deep baking dish. Add approximately 12 inch of water to the baking dish to create a water bath, and bake until the cake is just set, about 1 hour.nAllow the cake to cool and then refrigerate for at least 2 hours before slicing and serving. Garnish the slices with whipped cream and festive chocolate curls., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 34 cup sugar, 6 large eggs plus 6 large egg yolks, 12 cup eggnog, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, Purple food coloring, as needed, Yellow food coloring, as needed, Green food coloring, as needed, Whipped cream, for garnish, Chocolate curls, for garnish], title: King Cake Cheesecake, picturelink: rSy.rDKj6IooYNErRUXzfskXxgrJTS}, 31471: {instructions: In a saute pan, toast the seeds over medium heat for 2 minutes until golden the pumpkins will pop. Combine the water, honey, and sugar in a saucepan. Over high heat, bring the syrup to 240 degrees F. Add the seeds and bring the syrup to hard crack 250 degrees F. Spritz a cookie sheet with nonstick spray and pour the syrup onto it. After a few minutes, score the candy into 2 by 12inch bars. Let harden, and then cut into bars., ingredients: [1 cup sesame seeds, 14 cup pumpkin seeds shelled, 14 cup sunflower seeds shelled, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup honey, 12 cup sugar, Nonstick spray], title: Sesame Honey Candy, picturelink: null}, 31472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim off the core end of each head of endive and slice it in half lengthwise. Cut out the cores, separate the leaves, and place 1 12 to 2 heads of endive on each plate.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, egg yolk, salt, and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Toss the pears with some vinaigrette and place on the endive. Drizzle the remaining vinaigrette over the endive leaves to moisten them. Crumble the Roquefort onto the endive. Sprinkle with walnuts and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 to 6 heads of Belgian endive, 1 12 tablespoons Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar, 34 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 egg yolk, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 ripe Bartlett pears, halved, cored, and sliced, 14 pound good Roquefort cheese, 12 cup toasted walnut halves], title: Endive, Pear, and Roquefort Salad, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 31473: {instructions: Soak the noodles in warm water to soften, 5 to 10 minutes, then drain and snip into pieces with kitchen shears. Meanwhile, combine the soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, the garlic, brown sugar and vinegar in a bowl. Put the beef in another bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce mixture. Heat 2 teaspoons sesame oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the onion and 1 teaspoon salt and stirfry 2 minutes. Add the beef and stirfry until just cooked through. Transfer to a bowl. Rinse and wipe out the skillet, return to the heat and add 2 teaspoons sesame oil. Add the mushrooms and carrots stirfry 3 minutes. Add the noodles and 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce mixture and stirfry 1 minute add 13 cup water and cook until the noodles are just tender, 3 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the beef. Wipe out the skillet, return to the heat and add the remaining 2 teaspoons sesame oil. Add the spinach and the remaining soy sauce mixture and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add to the beef and toss.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 5to6ounce package cellophane noodles, 13 cup soy sauce, 5 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 ounces skirt steak, sliced 14 inch thick against the grain, 1 yellow onion, cut into 14inch wedges, Kosher salt, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 1 cup shredded carrots from about 3 carrots, 6 cups baby spinach about 10 ounces], title: Korean Beef Noodles, picturelink: moJUPVNF4LKTxE6Odq41mramNhR1C}, 31474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: Mix together all the marinade ingredients in a medium bowl.nFor the skewers: Toss the cubed tuna in the marinade and let sit in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the green onions and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the green onions to a medium bowl of ice water. When the green onions are cool, pat dry with paper towels. Trim the stalks and the root end off the fennel. Halve the fennel lengthwise then cut each half into 3 pieces. Cut each lemon into 6 pieces. Cut the red onion in half from stem to root end. Cut each half in half again lengthwise and cut each quarter into thirds. There should be 12 pieces of each vegetable.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the tuna and toss the vegetables in the marinade. Thread each skewer starting with a tomato. Then begin to thread the green onion starting with the tip of the white end. Add a piece of tuna. Keeping the ingredients near to the top of the skewer, ribbon the green onion around a piece of tuna and back through the skewer. Next add the red onion, and ribbon the green onion around again and onto the skewer. Next add another piece of tuna, and ribbon the green onion around again and onto the skewer. Next add a piece of fennel, and ribbon the green onion around for the final time. Top with a piece of lemon. Center the ingredients on the skewer.nPlace on a baking sheet. Sprinkle both sides with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [34 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, Skewers:, 1 pound tuna, cut into 1inch cubes, about 24 pieces, 12 green onions, trimmed, 2 fennel bulbs, 2 lemons, 1 large red onion, 12 cherry tomatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: Tuna Spiedini, picturelink: 0WxRnXz1ZisOSGVco2LNiZlj5ba2Npa}, 31475: {instructions: Combine egg yolks and sugar in a mediumsized bowl and beat well. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites to stiff peaks. In a third, larger bowl, combine the egg yolk mixture with the mascarpone, then fold in the egg whites to produce a creamy mixture.nArrange a tight layer of ladyfingers in a 9by12inch serving dish. Using a spoon, drizzle about half the liqueur and half the espresso over the ladyfingers. Cover the ladyfingers with the mascarpone mixture and the grated chocolate, and dust it with a little more than half the cocoa. Cover the filling with a second layer of ladyfingers and drizzle with the remaining liqueur and espresso. Place the dish in the refrigerator for at least 12 hours the tiramisu can be made 24 hours in advance. Top with the remaining cocoa before serving.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [3 eggs, separated, 5 tablespoons sugar, 6 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 large package ladyfingers approximately 36, 1 cup orange liqueur, 1 cup espresso coffee, 2 ounces bitter chocolate, grated, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder or 2 ounces grated bittersweet chocolate], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 31476: {instructions: Freeze the almonds for 30 minutes, preheat the oven to 325 degrees and line 2 baking sheets with baking parchmentnIn a food processor, combine the almonds and the confectioners sugar and pulse on and off for 40 seconds, or until powdery. Add the cocoa powder and pulse very briefly just to mix.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat the egg whites to very soft peaks and beat in the granulated sugar until the mixture is glossy, 1 minute, more. Sieve the almondcocoa mixture over the egg whites and gently fold it in, being careful not to crush too much air out of the egg whites. Using a piping bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip, pipe 1 12inch circles of the mixture onto the parchmentlined baking sheets. Very gently poke a whole almond into the top of each one. Bake in the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until firm, turning the pans around halfway through the cooking time to cook them evenly. Transfer the sheets of paper onto damp tea towels and let stand for 5 minutes, then peel the macaroons off and finish cooling them on a rack. Serve at room temperature or store in an airtight tin, layered with sheets of waxed paper, for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [34 cup 4 ounces blanched slivered almonds, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 12 tablespoons Dutch process cocoa powder, 2 large egg whites, 3 tablespoons sugar, Whole peeled almonds, for garnish], title: Chocolate Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 31477: {instructions: Blend rum, pineapple juice, and pina colada mix with 1 cup of ice. Next, take a glass and coat the inside with strawberry puree. Pour in colada blend. Finally, use a spoon to drag the strawberry puree up through the colada drink, creating a pink stripe. Garnish with a pineapple chunk, and serve., ingredients: [1 ounces light rum, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 6 ounces pina colada mix coconut cream and pineapple juice, 1 ounce strawberry puree, 1 small chunk pineapple, for garnish], title: Lava Flow, picturelink: null}, 31478: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix the ricotta, Parmesan, sundried tomatoes and parsley in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nGrease the bottom of a 9by14inch glass baking dish with cooking spray and place one of the Mac and Cheese sheets on the bottom. Smear the ricotta mixture evenly over the top, then evenly scatter the Italian sausage over top of the ricotta. Place the remaining Mac and Cheese sheet on top of that. Cover the top in mozzarella.nBake on a lower rack until bubbly and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool for at least 20 minutes.nSlice into pieces and place on individual serving plates. Ladle some warm marinara over each slice and garnish with fresh parsley and basil.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until VERY al dente. Drain.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and stir for a couple of minutes, making sure its free of lumps and the flour taste is cooked out. Stir in the milk, bring to a simmer and cook over medium low until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the processed cheese and provolone until melted, add the hot sauce and fold in the macaroni. Serve immediately, or follow the instructions below to prep in sheets for MacSagna.nTo prep in sheets for MacSagna: Evenly spread the warm macaroni and cheese in a parchmentlined baking sheet, making sure the parchment is overlapping to make it easier to lift once cooled. Cover with another sheet of parchment and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour or overnight. Cut the macaroni and cheese sheet into 2 equalsize rectangles., ingredients: [2 cups wholemilk ricotta cheese, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup julienned oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the baking dish, Mac and Cheese, recipe follows, prepped in sheets for MacSagna, 2 cups browned hot Italian sausage crumbles, 2 cups shredded wholemilk mozzarella, Favorite marinara sauce, warmed, for serving, Fresh basil, for serving, Kosher salt, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 8 ounces processed cheese, such as Velveeta, 1 12 cups shredded sharp provolone, Splash hot sauce or pinch of cayenne], title: MacSagna, picturelink: Y4nzLxnAqSm67saiDtnWRhEhPcXLWt.}, 31479: {instructions: In a large skillet set over moderate heat cook the shallots in the olive oil, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add the pancetta and cook until lightly colored. Add the fava beans and chicken broth and simmer until beans are heated through. Stir in the herbs.nAdd pasta to pan and toss to coat well with sauce. Transfer to a serving dish and accompany with the Parmesan., ingredients: [13 cup minced shallots, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces diced pancetta, 6 ounces shelled and peeled fresh fava beans, 12 cup chicken stock or broth, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chervil or tarragon, 12 ounces cooked pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan as an accompaniment], title: Pasta with Fresh Favas and Pancetta, picturelink: null}, 31480: {instructions: In 3quart heavy saucepan or deep 10inch nonstick skillet, cook corn syrup, butter, salt and condensed milk over medium heat 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly with wooden spoon, until well blended. Reduce heat to mediumlow stir in cookie dough chunks. Cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until mixture is smooth and candy thermometer reads 160degreesF. Remove from heat.nStir in chocolate chips and vanilla until chips are melted and mixture is smooth. Add crushed granola bars stir until well blended. Cook over low heat 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly, until mixture is shiny. Spread in ungreased 12x8inch or 13x9inch pan. Refrigerate uncovered at least 2 hours or until firm.nCut into 8 rows by 6 rows. Serve in decorative candy cups or mini paper baking cups on platter garnished with mint sprigs.nTo easily crush granola bars, do not unwrap use rolling pin to crush bars.n To easily cut fudge, line pan with foil so foil extends over sides of pan. Lift candy from pan using foil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 can 14 oz sweetened condensed milk not evaporated, 1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated sugar cookies, cut into small chunks, 2 bags 12 oz each semisweet chocolate chips, 5 teaspoons vanilla, 6 Nature Valleyu00ae pecan crunch crunchy granola bars 3 pouches from 8.9oz box, coarsely crushed heaping 1 cup, Fresh mint sprigs, if desired], title: Sugar CookieChocolate Crunch Fudge, picturelink: null}, 31481: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Crescent Rolls: Unroll dough separate at perforations creating 4 rectangles press perforations to seal. Recipe Creations: Unroll dough cut into 4 rectangles. With knife or kitchen scissors, cut each rectangle lengthwise into 10 pieces, making a total of 40 pieces of dough. Slice cheese slices into quarters 12 slice cheese, cut in half. Wrap 4 pieces of dough around each hot dog and 14 slice of cheese to look like bandages, stretching dough slightly to completely cover hot dog. About 12 inch from one end of each hot dog, separate bandages so hot dog shows through for face. On ungreased large cookie sheet, place wrapped hot dogs cheese side down spray dough lightly with cooking spray. Bake 13 to 17 minutes or until dough is light golden brown and hot dogs are hot. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 15 to 19 minutes. With mustard, draw features on face., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf flaky dough sheet, 2 12 slices 2.5 oz. American cheese slices, quartered, 10 large hot dogs, Cooking spray, Mustard or ketchup, if desired], title: Crescent Mummy Dogs, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 31482: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler and move a rack to the top of the oven. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPlace 14 cup of the chocolate chips in a small microwaveable bowl and cook for 45 seconds, stirring halfway through. Stir in the chocolatehazelnut spread and mix until combined and uniform in color. Spread 2 tablespoons of the melted chocolate on each rice cake. Place 5 marshmallow halves on each rice cake, then transfer the rice cakes to the prepared baking sheet.nBroil the smores for 45 seconds to 1 minute, rotating the baking sheet 180 degrees halfway through the cooking time. The marshmallows should be nice and toasted. Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Sprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons chocolate chips on each while still warm, then cool for 5 minutes. Drizzle the honey over the top and serve., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons dark chocolate chips, 14 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, 4 brown rice cakes, 10 large marshmallows, halved, 1 tablespoon honey], title: GlutenFree Smores, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 31483: {instructions: For the crust: Place the flour, sugar, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until the butter is evenly distributed but still visible in chunks. While pulsing, add the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time until the dough is just wet enough to hold together when pinched between your fingers.nTurn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, form into a disk and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the dough out into a circle about 18inch thick, and then fit into a 9inch pie dish. Dock the crust all over using a fork. Cover the crust with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nLine the crust with foil and fill with dried beans or baking marbles. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, and then remove the foil and beans and bake until the crust just begins to brown, another 15 minutes.nFor the filling: While the crust is baking, combine the farmer cheese, sugar and cardamom in a stand mixer with a paddle attachment and whip together until well incorporated. Add 1 egg at a time on medium speed, waiting until fully incorporated and smooth before each new addition. Stir in the heavy cream.nFill the crust with the cheese filling and bake until the top is browned and the filling is just slightly jiggly, 45 minutes. Let cool, and then eat the pie. Serve with orange marmalade., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold butter, cut into 12inch chunks, 4 to 5 tablespoons ice water, 1 12 cups farmer cheese about 12 ounces, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 5 eggs, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Orange marmalade, for serving], title: Deep Dish Cheese Pie, picturelink: NAU8tkF2Dhx7KO66x5Xp3qRKd1KGUza}, 31484: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the hibiscus tea and honey and let steep for 10 minutes. Strain out the tea and let cool completely.nIn a large pitcher, stir to combine the brewed tea, apple cider, mint, apples, pears and oranges. Fill glasses with ice and pour the fruit cider over to serve., ingredients: [2 ounces hibiscus tea, 14 cup honey, 4 cups apple cider, 8 to 10 sprigs fresh mint, 2 apples, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 pears, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 oranges, sliced into halfmoons], title: Fruit Cider, picturelink: null}, 31485: {instructions: Put the zucchini onto a double layer of paper towels. Cover with another double layer of paper towels and press out the excess moisture. Coat a small nonstick skillet with cooking spray and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the drained zucchini, onion, and mushrooms to the pan, season with salt and pepper, and cook until browned and soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomatoes and Parmesan and place the mixture into a small bowl. Wipe the nonstick pan clean, coat again with cooking spray, and place over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is good and hot, add the 3 egg whites and turn the skillet to evenly coat the bottom. When just about set, add the vegetable mixture to one side of the omelet. Gently fold the other side over the vegetables to form a half moon. Carefully slide the omelet onto a heated plate. Serve immediately with a sprinkling of fresh black pepper and the parsley, if using., ingredients: [13 cup shredded zucchini, Cooking spray, 2 tablespoons finely chopped sweet onion, 3 mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup diced tomato, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 3 egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, optional], title: Egg White Omelet Italiano, picturelink: null}, 31486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a griddle over medium heat and brush it with some oil.nWhisk the eggs in a large mixing bowl. Stir in the chicken, mushrooms, bean sprouts, bok choy, carrots, scallions, bell pepper, grated ginger and garlic. Season with salt and pepper.nUsing a large spoon, drop about 12 cup of the mixture onto the griddle for each pancake. Cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, mix the cornstarch with a splash of chicken stock to dissolve. Combine the remaining stock, the cornstarch mixture, tamari, hot sauce and sliced ginger in a small saucepan. Boil until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Discard the sliced ginger.nPut 2 pancakes on each plate and top with the gravy., ingredients: [EVOO, for brushing, 12 eggs, 4 ounces thinly sliced deli chicken, turkey, ham or roast beef, finely chopped, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 1 cup shredded baby bok choy, 12 cup shredded carrots, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 14 red bell pepper, very thinly sliced, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, plus 2 thin slices, 1 large clove garlic, grated or made into a paste, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup tamari aged soy sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce], title: Egg Foo Young, picturelink: 5StJSYxuYk6STn.qMLhqb7jAoIhLoG}, 31487: {instructions: Saute the onions and chiles in the oil until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the cumin and coriander and saute for a minute, stirring constantly. Stir in the tomato and flour and cook for 2 minutes. Finally, stir in the yogurt. Heat the sauce thoroughly, but do not allow it to boil or the yogurt will curdle. Add salt to taste and serve, ingredients: [1 cup chopped onions, 1 to 2 chiles, minced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 1 large tomato, chopped about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons unbleached white flour, 1 cup plain yogurt, Salt to taste], title: Spicy Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31488: {instructions: Prepare the cake mix as the label directs for a 9by13inch cake bake and cool. Cut in half crosswise. Spread frosting on one half, then top with the second half. Cover the layer cake with frosting.nDust a flat surface with cornstarch. Using a rolling pin, roll out the white fondant to at least 16 by 18 inches large about 18 inch thick.nDrape the white fondant over the cake, covering the cake but leaving one short end exposed with a slight overhang, as shown. Smooth the fondant, then cut away any excess, except for the overhang.nRoll out the red fondant on a cornstarchdusted surface to 16 inch thick. Cut into about 15 strips that are 14 by 12 inch each.nOne at a time, spread some water on the back of each red fondant strip with your finger and attach to the cake, as shown, trimming the strips as needed. Do not use too much water, or the red dye will bleed.nPress some of the caramel corn onto the uncovered side of the cake. Continue adding caramel corn until it looks like the bag is overflowing, using more frosting to stick the pieces together.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box yellow cake mix plus required ingredients, 4 cups vanilla frosting, Cornstarch, for dusting, 1 pound white rolled fondant, 12 pound red rolled fondant, 2 to 3 cups caramel corn], title: Popcorn Cake, picturelink: ITz9oSPzJMP8tJESV6IBrlOK4I14bWy}, 31489: {instructions: Place the walnuts, pignolis, and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process for 30 seconds. Add the basil leaves, salt, and pepper. With the processor running, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until the pesto is finely pureed. Add the Parmesan and puree for a minute. Serve, or store the pesto in the refrigerator or freezer with a thin film of olive oil on top., ingredients: [14 cup walnuts, 14 cup pignolis, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic 9 cloves, 5 cups fresh basil leaves, packed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Homemade Pesto, picturelink: null}, 31490: {instructions: Heat oven to 400F. Spray 13x9inch baking dish with cooking spray or grease with shortening.nCook sausage in 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until no longer pink drain. Layer sausage, onions, potatoes and cheese in baking dish. Stir remaining ingredients in large bowl with fork or wire whisk until blended. Pour over ingredients in baking dish.nBake uncovered 35 to 40 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let stand 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 package 12 ounces bulk pork sausage, 4 medium green onions, thinly sliced 14 cup or 13 cup chopped green or red bell pepper, 2 12 cups frozen loosepack hash brown potatoes, from 30ounce package, 1 package 8 ounces shredded Swiss cheese 2 cups, 1 cup Original Bisquick mix, 2 cups milk, 18 teaspoon pepper, 5 eggs], title: Hearty Breakfast Bake, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 31491: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan.nPlace the graham crackers and almonds in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the mixture forms fine crumbs, about 15 to 20 seconds. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake for 12 minutes. Cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, whisk the cream and honey together over low heat until the honey has dissolved. Increase the heat to medium and bring the mixture to just below a boil. Place the chocolate chips in a medium bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and stir until the mixture is smooth. Pour the chocolate filling over the prepared crust. Refrigerate for at least 5 hours or preferably overnight.nLoosen the tart from the sides of the pan by running a thin metal spatula around the edge. Unmold the tart and transfer to a serving plate. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [12 stick 2 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, plus extra for coating the pan, 9 chocolate graham crackers, 5 12ounces total, 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup honey, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Honey Almond Tart, picturelink: Q7cCgAhVKxD7.c9iPIz8VJX30ipxs2}, 31492: {instructions: In a stainless steel mixing bowl, combine pineapple slices, sugar, wine, vanilla bean and mint leaves. Place into baking pan and cover with foil. Bake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes. Fruit should be slightly caramelized to the bottom of the baking pan and there should be fragrant syrup through out.nWhip cream to soft peaks. Add 14 cup sugar and spices. Continue whipping to stiff peak.nServe slice of pineapple with syrup and dollop of cream. Sprinkle with toasted coconut., ingredients: [1 golden pineapplesliced into 14inch slices, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup sweet wine recommended: Gervertztraminer, mascato, rum, 1 vanilla beanscraped, 3 mint leaves, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup toasted coconut flakes, 1 9by9 inch baking pan, Aluminum foil], title: Roasted Golden Pineapple with Spiced Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 31493: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the sugar with the liqueur, and lime juice. Let the flavors marry for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, so the sugar dissolves.nMeanwhile, hull the strawberries, and cut them into quarters.nMix the coconut with the liqueur, and lime mixture. Spoon a layer of coconut, and then a layer of strawberries into 4 cocktail glasses. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur, Juice of 12 lime, 2 cups strawberries, hulled and quartered, 12 fresh coconut, freshly grated], title: Boozy Strawberries with Coconut, picturelink: null}, 31494: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar, ginger, sugar and soy sauce in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the canola oil until emulsified.nCombine the green onions, mango, radicchio and cabbage in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss until completely combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup canola oil, 3 green onions, green and pale green parts, thinly sliced, 1 large green mango, peeled, pitted and julienned, 1 medium head radicchio, finely shredded, 12 head Napa cabbage, finely shredded], title: RadicchioGreen Mango Slaw, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 31495: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium soup pot over medium to medium high heat. Add the oil and melt the butter. Add bay, celery, and onion. Season the veggies with salt and pepper. Cook 6 or 7 minutes, until tender. Add flour, poultry seasoning and hot sauce, to taste, then cook flour a minute. Whisk in chicken stock and bring liquid to a bubble. Whisk in pumpkin in large spoonfuls to incorporate it into the broth. Simmer soup 10 minutes to thicken a bit then add in cream and nutmeg. Reduce heat to low and keep warm until ready to serve.nWhile soup cooks, assemble the relish: combine apple, onion, lemon juice, cranberries, chili powder, honey and cinnamon.nAdjust seasonings in soup and relish and serve soup in shallow bowls with a few spoonfuls of relish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 fresh bay leaf, 2 ribs celery with greens, finely chopped save time and purchase celery already washed, trimmed and cut into sticks, this makes chopping fast work, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning or 2 teaspoons ground thyme, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, or to taste, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 28ounce can cooked pumpkin puree, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 crisp apple, such as McIntosh or Granny Smith, finely chopped, 14 red onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup dried sweetened cranberries, chopped, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Pumpkin Soup with Chili CranApple Relish, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 31496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 13by9inch baking dish with cooking spray.nCook the pasta until tender. Drain.nIn a small bowl, combine the panko and parsley. Set aside.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the flour, stirring constantly with a whisk. Gradually add the milk, stirring constantly until smooth. Add the cheese, stirring constantly until thick and creamy. Add the macaroni, tomatoes, basil and salt. Spoon into the prepared baking dish. Top with the reserved panko mixture. Bake until golden and bubbly, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups milk, 3 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Paulas Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 31497: {instructions: Turn on broiler. Rinse beef and chicken livers thoroughly, and cut away membranes and extra fat. Cut beef liver into 1inch pieces chicken livers can remain whole. Place beef and chicken livers in a large baking pan, and drizzle with corn oil pour oil into a flatware tablespoon and drizzle over livers 2 tablespoons are ample. Broil 8 to 10 minutes keep an eye on it to make sure it doesnt burn. Turn liver pieces, and broil for another 5 minutes. Liver should be fully cooked and lightly browned on both sides. Chill in refrigerator. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons corn oil and the same amount of schmaltz, and saute onions, stirring occasionally, until well browned. Chill in refrigerator. In food processor, combine liver, onions, hardboiled eggs, 2 tablespoons schmaltz, salt and pepper, and blend until smooth. You will have to do it in batches. Chill before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef liver, 1 pound chicken livers, Corn oil for drizzling, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons corn oil, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons schmaltz rendered chicken fat, 4 cups coarsely chopped onions, 4 hardboiled eggs, peeled, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Chopped Liver, picturelink: null}, 31498: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients into the bowl of a small food processor and process until creamy, 1 12 minutes. Serve as a salad dressing or a dip. Store in an airtight container for up to 4 days., ingredients: [1 7ounce pouch albacore tuna, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers, with their juice, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Tuna Dressing, picturelink: SYrXq5OpdgnHcHWtrawCOsvljnQqD9K}, 31499: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat the pork with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the parsley and sage leaves along the top of the roast.nLay the bacon horizontally in a roasting pan, with the strips touching. Set the pork roast in the center of the pan and fold the bacon over to wrap the roast.nAdd the potatoes and onions to the pan, to border the roast. Transfer to the oven and roast until the bacon is crisp and the pork reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 12 hours.nTransfer the roast to a cutting board and rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Slice and serve with the potatoes and onions., ingredients: [One 5pound boneless pork roast, fat trimmed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 12 to 15 fresh parsley leaves, 12 to 15 fresh sage leaves, 12 strips bacon, 4 pounds fingerling potatoes, 2 red onions, sliced into 1 12inch julienne], title: BaconWrapped Pork Roast with Potatoes and Onions, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}}