{31800: {instructions: Cut off the peel and white pith from 4 red grapefruits and 4 navel oranges with a paring knife. Cut along both sides of each membrane to release the segments. Squeeze the juice from the membranes into a small bowl. Arrange the segments in a serving bowl and top with the citrus juice. Chill until ready to serve. Drizzle with Campari.nServes: 4nCalories: 202nTotal Fat: 0 gramsnSaturated Fat: 0 gramsnProtein: 3 gramsnTotal carbohydrates: 50 gramsnSugar: 35 gramsnFiber: 15 gramsnCholesterol: 0 milligramsnSodium: 0 milligramsnPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Citrus Salad, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 31801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt shortening in a deep skillet until it comes about 1inch up the side of the pan. Heat to 360 degrees F.nWhile shortening is heating, season pork chops with salt and pepper on both sides, set aside. In a shallow bowl beat eggs, 1 tablespoon water, cayenne pepper, and 12 teaspoon black pepper. In a paper bag mix flour and cornstarch. Coat pork chops in egg mixture, transfer to a paper bag, and shake until coated. Fry pork chops until golden, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towel to drain. Keep pork chops in a warm oven if cooking all at once is not possible.nIn a medium saucepan, melt butter over mediumhigh heat and saute pears, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients, except salt, and bring mixture to a boil. Turn heat to mediumhigh and cook until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Season with salt, to taste. Remove from heat and serve with Chicken Fried Pork Chops., ingredients: [Vegetable shortening, for frying, 8 pork chops, bonein, 12inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, plus 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, Chunky Pear Chutney, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 Bartlett pears, peeled and cored, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup raw cane sugar, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, minced, 12 tablespoon pink peppercorns, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon hot paprika, 12 teaspoon allspice, Salt], title: Chicken Fried Pork Chops with Chunky Pear Chutney, picturelink: omaG7xbQqjp1jKKwq0L1G8dSkONyIOy}, 31802: {instructions: Two or three days before you plan to roast the turkey, combine 3 tablespoons salt, the rosemary and lemon zest. Wash the turkey inside and out, drain it well and pat it dry with paper towels. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the salt mixture in the cavity of the turkey and rub the rest on the skin, including under the wings and legs. Place the turkey in a shallow dish to catch any drips and wrap the whole dish tightly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for one or two days. The day before you plan to roast the turkey, remove the plastic wrap and leave it in the fridge. The skin will dry out and turn a little translucent.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Be sure your oven is very cleannPlace the onion, lemon and thyme in the cavity. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tie the wings close to the body. Brush the turkey with the butter and sprinkle it with salt and pepper.nRoast the turkey for 45 minutes, placing it in the oven legs first. Lower the temperature to 325 degrees F and roast it for about another hour, until 165 degrees F for the breast and 180 degrees F in the thigh on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the oven, cover the turkey tightly with aluminum foil and allow it to rest for 20 to 30 minutes. Carve and serve with the pan juices.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 12 to 14pound fresh turkey, 1 large yellow onion, unpeeled and cut in eighths, 1 lemon, quartered, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Accidental Turkey, picturelink: tyrbNKIcS9MHPX9RR5RNGnX7mnJklVG}, 31803: {instructions: Melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Peel the potatoes and slice thin on a mandoline or with a food processor fitted with a 1millimeter slicing blade. In a bowl, toss potato slices with the butter, salt and pepper.nOn a parchment lined baking sheet, place 2 ring molds 3 inches wide and 2 inches deep. Layer the potato slices in the molds, overlapping the slices. Bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for about 40 minutes until the bottom layer of potatoes is golden and crisp and the potatoes are cooked through., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium baking potatoes, Salt and pepper], title: Potato Galettes, picturelink: null}, 31804: {instructions: Place the water in a large bowl or mixer with a dough hook. Dissolve the yeast in the water. Add the remaining ingredients except cornmeal and mix on low speed until a ball is formed. Change to medium speed and mix approximately for 1 to 2 minutes until a smooth and elastic dough is formed. Remove the dough from the bowl, cut the dough into 2 portions, roll into tight balls and place in lightly oiled sheet pan, cover and let proof for a minimum of 4 hours.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. To make the sauce, place the salt pork in a large sauce pot and render the fat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Add the garlic and saute until the aroma is apparent. Add the crushed tomatoes, puree, and stock to the pot and bring to a simmer. Add the bay leaf, thyme, and salt and allow to simmer for 1 12 hours. Remove the bay leaf, puree the sauce and adjust the seasonings.nOnce the dough is ready, roll each piece out using a rolling pin until dough in approximately 14inch thick. Spoon some tomato sauce on top of the dough. Layer the mozzarella, place the pizza on a sheet pan dusted with cornmeal and bake for 10 to 15 minutes until crispy and golden. Garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [8 ounces water, 18ounce yeast, 14ounce salt, 1 pound bread flour, 18 cup olive oil, 18 cup cornmeal, 2 ounces salt pork or fat back, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 16 ounces crushed plum tomatoes, 4 ounces tomato puree, 8 ounces beef stock, 1 bay leaf, Pinch thyme, 12ounce salt, 4 cups sliced mozzarella de Buffalo, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves], title: Neopolitan Pizza, picturelink: BMQPco2aMMDOUS9wtCRiCV2DUt9BViS}, 31805: {instructions: Butterfly veal chops and marinate for 2 to 3 hours, refrigerated, in mixture of chopped garlic, rosemary, sage, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Coat veal chops thoroughly by turning several times.nPut veal chops on broiling pan coated in butter. Place pan under a preheated broiler and cook veal for 5 minutes on each side. Arrange veal chops on plates and pour natural juices from pan over them. Squeeze lemon on top and serve with steamed vegetables., ingredients: [2 3inch thick veal loin chops, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 1 teaspoon sage, Pinch salt and pepper, 2 ounces virgin olive oil, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 1 lemon, cut in half, Steamed vegetables, as an accompaniment], title: Broiled Veal Chop alla Fiorentina, picturelink: null}, 31806: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brine: To a large pot, add the water and bring to a boil. Once at a boil, add the garlic, agave syrup, red chile flakes, peppercorns, and salt and turn off the heat. Once slightly cooled, add the mixture to a large container and add 6 cups ice to yield about 10 cups liquid. Add the pork and submerge. Place into the refrigerator for about 2 to 3 hours. Remove and rinse under cool water pat dry with paper towels.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a steady cutting board place a couple of damp paper towels under it to keep it from moving around, stand the roast up with the bones up and the loin down. With a sharp, thin knife, slice carefully along the bones, separating the eye of the loin from the bones, but leaving the loin still attached on the bottom. Continue butterflying and slowly roll out, creating a large flat surface for the pesto to easily spread on.nFor the pesto filling: In a small bowl, combine the pesto, chile flakes, garlic, salt and pepper. Mix well and spread this mixture evenly on the inside of the rolled out loin. Carefully roll back up. Cut a 2 to 3inch slit in between the bones. Truss the roast with kitchen string in between the bones and around the roast. This will help the roast cook evenly.nFor the roasting vegetables base: In a heavy, large roasting pan, add the onions, carrots, parsnips, Brussels sprouts, and smashed garlic and toss to combine. Place the tied pork roast on a vrack over the vegetables, tent with heavy duty aluminum foil, and roast in the oven until the internal temperature reads 145 to 150 degrees F, 2 12 to 3 hours. About 34 of the way through the cooking process remove the foil, this will help the pork brown up a bit. Remove from the oven, tent with foil, and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes to rest and carry over cooking for another 5 to 10 degrees F. Place the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat and add 1 12 to 2 cups chicken stock and bring to a boil. Allow to boil and reduce for 5 minutes.nTo finish: Strain the vegetables and place onto a serving platter. Finish the sauce with about 2 tablespoons butter and remove from the heat.nRemove the kitchen string and slice the pork into 1 12inch thick pieces. Serve immediately with the vegetables and pan sauce., ingredients: [3 cups water, 14 cup smashed garlic, 14 cup amber agave syrup, 12 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 13 cup kosher salt, 6 cups ice, or enough to yield 10 cups total liquid, 1 4pound bonein pork loin with 8 bones, 12 cup pesto, homemade or your favorite storebought brand, 2 teaspoons crushed red chile flakes, 14 cup minced garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 onions, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 cups roughly chopped carrots, 2 cups roughly chopped parsnips, 2 cups halved Brussels sprouts, 1 4 to 12 cup garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 12 to 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Birthday Pork Roast, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 31807: {instructions: Core 2 apples and trim the tops and bottoms, then cut into thick rings. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the apple rings and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side. Add 14 cup pomegranate juice, 1 tablespoon sugar and a pinch of salt simmer, turning, until the apples are glazed, 3 to 4 minutes. If making ahead, let cool, then refrigerate overnight reheat in the microwave.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Apples, picturelink: Cu37vK2SZnfHdbd51bMei6Ag.PjkxQG}, 31808: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter with the vegetable oil in a large saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until the onions are golden and caramelized, 25 to 30 minutes. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the beef, pork, Worcestershire, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form each into a patty in the shape of and a little larger than a slice of the rye bread.nAdd some oil to a large griddle pan and set it over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add the burgers in batches if needed, being careful not to crowd the pan. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium doneness. Remove the burgers to a platter and cover loosely with foil. Repeat with the remaining burgers if needed.nSet a large skillet or griddle pan over mediumlow heat or wipe out the griddle pan from the burgers and use that. Butter one side of each slice of rye bread with 12 tablespoon of the remaining butter and place the bread slices butterside down on the griddle. Lay 2 slices of cheese on 6 of the bread slices, then add a burger, onesixth of the onions and 2 more slices of cheese on top. Place one of the remaining bread slices on top of each sandwich, butteredside up. Cook until the bottoms are golden brown and the bottom cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Using a spatula, flip the sandwiches to toast the other sides and melt the cheese, another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a platter and cover loosely with foil.nSlice each sandwich in half to serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for oiling the griddle, 3 large onions, sliced 14 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef 85 percent lean, 15 percent fat, 8 ounces ground pork, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 slices rye bread, 24 slices Swiss cheese], title: Patty Melt, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 31809: {instructions: Sliced turkey roll stuffed with Monterey Jack cheese can be topped with salsa and is a breakfast that can be made ahead and warmed in 1 minute in a microwave oven before eating.nPlace turkey slices on a counter or plate and sprinkle each slice with cheese. Roll up slices and divide between 2 plates. Microwave each plate on high for 1 minute or until the cheese melts. If not using a microwave oven, place turkey rolls in a toaster oven or on a foillined tray under a broiler for 1 minute. Remove plates from microwave and spoon salsa over the top., ingredients: [12 pound sliced, smoked turkey breast, 12 cup shredded reducedfat Monterey jack cheese, 1 cup nosugar added tomato salsa], title: Southwestern Turkey Salsa Roll, picturelink: vHqfiIij7StWSrfaqEpKKXUDPL5p8q}, 31810: {instructions: When making sorbet, you can use fresh puree, fresh juice, or commercially prepared frozen puree. No matter which you use, you need simple syrup. When using fruit, it is often necessary to slightly vary the amount of simple syrup to balance the sweetness.nA refractometer is a piece of equipment used by wine makers to determine the amount of sugar in grapes. It is also used to measure the sugar content in sorbet. It works by measuring light as it is reflected off the sugar crystals contained in the sorbet mix.nMost ice cream machines work in the same way. The cold source comes from the outside of the container. The ice cream machine blade continually scrapes the sides of the container where the mix has frozen and mixes the frozen particles throughout. The continuous motion of the blade keeps the ice crystals small. If properly spun, sorbet and ice cream should not be icy. The motion of the blade also traps air in the mix as it thickens and gains volume.nThe PACOJETY allows you to mix, freeze, and spin the exact number of portions needed. This is a versatile, although expensive, machine that makes great ice creams, sorbets, soups, mousses and purees.nMake the simple syrup: Combine the sugar and water in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. All the sugar crystals should completely dissolve. Remove from the heat and pour into a clean mediumsize bowl. Let cool completely before using. Simple syrup can be stored in the refrigerator indefinitely if kept in an airtight container.nThe technique for the orange or pineapple sorbet is exactly the same. Use a refractometer to balance the sugar in the fruit juice. It may not be necessary to add very much simple syrup to the fruit juice if using commercially prepared fruit juice. It is often very sweet. The fruit juice and simple syrup combination should balance to a measure of 24 to 26 degrees Brix on the refractometer.nPour the fruit juice and syrup combination into the PACOJETY beaker and freeze until completely frozen. When frozen, remove from the freezer and place the beaker in the PACOJETY container. Insert and spin as many servings as you would like to make. The sorbet is ready to serve.nSOURCESnPACOJETYnRefractometer: Beryls, ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 2 cups orange juice, if making orange sorbet, 2 cups pineapple juice, if making pineapple sorbet], title: Orange or Pineapple Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 31811: {instructions: In a medium bowl, with a whisk, beat together 1 tablespoon vinegar, salt, pepper. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and beat until emulsified. Add the other tablespoon of vinegar and 2 more tablespoons of olive oil and beat until emulsified. Top the mixture with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Stir in parsley. Add the garlic clove. Refrigerate until ready to use. Cook pasta per package instructions, drain, rinse with cold water until cool, add to bowl and toss with olive oil and garlic clove. Set aside. Brush vegetables with olive oil. On a hot grill roast peppers, corn, zucchini and red onion until browned and tender. Remove from grill. Remove kernels from corn and roughly chop remaining vegetables. Toss grilled vegetables and reserved vinaigrette with pasta. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped Italian parsley, 1 garlic clove peeled, 1 pound tricolored fusilli pasta, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small garlic clove, finely minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large red bell peppers, seeded, cut in half, 2 large ears fresh corn, husked, 2 large zucchini, sliced 12inch thick, 1 large red onion, sliced 13inch], title: Grilled Vegetable Pasta Salad with Parsley Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 31812: {instructions: Mix all ingredients well and add to pie crust. Bake in preheated oven for one hour at 350 degrees. Cool, slice and serve. Top with whipped cream, if desired.nTIP:nBake your favorite pie in a pumpkin Scoop out a pumpkin, use your favorite pie crust, your favorite filling, and bake as recommended in your favorite recipe, until crust is brown and filling is set, ingredients: [2 cups cooked and mashed pumpkin, 1 cup sugar, 12 stick butter, 3 eggs, beaten, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 homemade deepdish pie crust], title: Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 31813: {instructions: For the beet chips: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F, or preheat a convection oven to 400 degrees F.nRinse and scrub the outsides of the beets. Carefully slice the beets into 116inchthick rounds using a mandolin slicer. Place in a large bowl and drizzle the olive oil over, turning to coat evenly. Lay out a single layer of beet slices on 2 baking sheets and sprinkle with freshly cracked pepper dont add the salt at this point, as it will make the chips less crisp.nBake for 30 to 45 minutes for a regular oven, rotating the sheets from top to bottom halfway through. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes for a convection oven, rotating halfway through. The beets will be darkened around the edges and be mostly crisp they will firm up a little bit more once cooled. Let the chips cool, and then transfer to a bowl. Repeat with the remaining beet slices. When they are all cooked, toss with salt to taste.nFor the guacamole: Mash the avocados with a fork or potato masher in a large bowl until slightly chunky. Stir in the cilantro, lime juice, tomatoes and onions. Season the guacamole with salt and pepper and garnish with olive oil.nServe a mound of guacamole in a bowl. Serve with the beet chips., ingredients: [6 to 8 medium to large red beets, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 4 ripe medium haas avocados, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, from 12 bunch, 2 limes, juiced about 14 cup juice, 1 small tomato, diced small, 14 red onion, diced small about 13 cup, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil], title: Guacamole and Baked Beet Chips, picturelink: null}, 31814: {instructions: Place a 6quart saucepan, with a steamer basket and 1 inch of water in the bottom, over high heat, cover and bring to a boil.nRemove the tips of the wings and discard or save for making stock. Use kitchen shears or a knife to separate the wings at the joint. Place the wings in the steamer basket, cover, reduce the heat to medium and steam 10 minutes. Remove the wings from the basket and carefully pat dry. Lay out the wings on a cooling rack set in a half sheet pan lined with paper towels and place in the refrigerator to dry, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the paper towels on the pan and replace with parchment paper. Roast on the middle rack of the oven, about 20 minutes. Turn the wings over and cook 20 to 30 more minutes, or until the meat is cooked through and the skin is golden brown.nWhile the chicken is roasting, melt the butter in a small bowl with the garlic. Pour this along with the hot sauce and 12 teaspoon salt into a bowl large enough to hold all of the chicken and stir to combine. Remove the wings from the oven, transfer to the bowl and toss with the sauce. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 whole chicken wings about 3 pounds, 3 ounces 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 14 cup hot sauce, Kosher salt], title: Alton Browns Buffalo Wings, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 31815: {instructions: To prepare the rice: Wash the rice under cold water for 2 minutes. Bring 8 cups of water to a boil and add the salt, bay leaf, and thyme. Add the washed rice to the boiling water and simmer for 40 minutes, or until tender. Drain the rice and remove the bay leaf and thyme let cool. This can be done 1 day ahead of time and refrigerated. You should have 7 cups cooked rice.nIn a large skillet, heat the grapeseed or canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes, or until lightly browned. Remove from heat, drain well, and set aside.nTo make the vinaigrette: In a small bowl whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, shallots, fennel, cumin, thyme, and pepper and season with salt. Add the dried fruits.nIn a salad bowl, combine the cooled wild rice, cooked mushrooms, and walnuts. Toss with the vinaigrette and fruits.nTo serve, portion the salad onto a large platter, top with the greens, and sprinkle with the goat cheese., ingredients: [8 cups water, 2 cups wild rice, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, 1 bay leaf, 12 sprigs thyme, 4 teaspoons grapeseed or canola oil, 2 pounds chanterelle or portobello mushrooms, wiped clean and chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 large shallots, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, toasted and cracked, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and cracked, 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mixed dried fruits, such as cherries, cranberries, raisins, chopped figs, or chopped apricots, 1 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, 1 pound stemmed arugula or watercress, 8 ounces fresh white goat cheese, crumbled about 1 cup], title: Wild Rice and Chanterelle Salad with Dried Fruit, Goat Cheese, and Walnuts, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 31816: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour enough oil in a heavy large saucepan to reach the depth of 3 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F.nStir the eggs, risotto, Parmesan, and 12 cup of the bread crumbs in a large bowl to combine. Place the remaining breadcrumbs in a medium bowl. Using about 2 tablespoons of the risotto mixture for each, form the risotto mixture into 1 34inchdiameter balls. Insert 1 cube of mozzarella into the center of each ball. Roll the balls in the bread crumbs to coat.nWorking in batches, add the rice balls to the hot ail and cook until brown and heated through, turning them as necessary, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the rice balls to paper towels to drain. Season with salt. Let rest 2 minutes. Serve hot.nBring the broth to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. Add the porcini mushrooms. Set aside until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Keep the broth warm over very low heat.nMelt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add olive oil. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the white mushrooms and garlic. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the porcini mushrooms to a cutting board. Finely chop the mushrooms and add to the saucepan. Saute until the mushrooms are tender and the juices evaporate, about 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and let it toast for a few minutes. Add the wine cook until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of hot broth simmer over mediumlow heat until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Continue to cook until the rice is just tender and the mixture is creamy, adding more broth by cupfuls and stirring often, about 28 minutes the rice will absorb 6 to 8 cups of broth. Stir in the peas. Mix in the Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 large eggs, beaten to blend, 2 cups Risotto with Mushrooms and Peas, recipe follows, cooled, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups dried Italianstyle bread crumbs, 2 ounces mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes, Salt, 8 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth, 12ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups finely chopped onions, 10 ounces white mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or shortgrain white rice, 23 cup dry white wine, 34 cup frozen peas, thawed, 23 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Arancini di Riso, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 31817: {instructions: Remove outer leaves from cabbage. Cut cabbage in quarters and remove the tough inner core. Slice across sections into 12inch slices. Put into a colander, add salt, and mix well. Place over a bowl and let drain, covered, until wilted, about 2 hours.nIn a large bowl combine the vinegar and sugar and stir to dissolve. Add the chili paste, ginger, garlic, and scallions and stir. Rinse the salt off the cabbage with a couple of changes of water. Dry well and add to the vinegar mixture stir well to combine. Put into a sterilized glass jar and pack the cabbage down add enough water to cover. Close the jar and refrigerate for at least 4 hours. This is spicy and gets spicier the longer it sits  add or subtract chili paste to your taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons hot chili paste recommended: Srirachi Hot Chili Paste, 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 scallions, finely sliced, 1 head Napa cabbage, about 1 to 1 12 pounds, 14 cup kosher salt, 12 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Quick Spicy Kimchee, picturelink: Ex6RSLT0sap4uS5H67DpJX5VdMia7e}, 31818: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the beef in a large mixing bowl. Use a rubber spatula to fold in the horseradish and chives season with salt and pepper. Handform the meat into 8 burgers, cover them, and chill in the fridge while preparing your grill.nPlace a large grill pan on 2 burners over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill and get it very hot. Burgers stick to a cold grill, so its important that you give it plenty of time to heat. Take a few paper towels and fold them several times to make a thick square. Blot a small amount of oil on the paper towel then carefully and quickly wipe the hot grates of the grill this will create a nonstick grilling surface. Grill the burgers for 8 minutes per side for medium 7 minutes if you like your meat rare.nWhen the burgers are just about cooked, put a couple of slices of cheese on top of each and cover the grill for 1 minute to melt the cheese. Remove the burgers to a clean side plate so you have enough room to toast the buns.nRub the grill rack with the same paper towel as before to clean the small charred pieces, then toast the hamburger buns cutside down for 1 minute. Serve the burgers with your favorite condiment and any garnish you like, such as bacon, lettuce, sliced tomato, and onion., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 14 cup grated fresh or prepared horseradish, 12 bunch fresh chives, minced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 16 slices havarti cheese, 8 large hamburger buns, split, Ketchup, mayonnaise, and mustard, for serving, Cooked bacon, lettuce, sliced tomato, and onion, for serving], title: Horseradish Burgers With Havarti, picturelink: DrdNHR9RrPOTVEoAES79SlPiKQEVjy}, 31819: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 15 12 by 10 by 1inch wellbuttered baking pans table or marble slab, for pulling yardstick waxed paper, cut into 2 by 4inch rectangles, for wrapping and twisting.nIn a saucepan, mix together the sugar, corn syrup and butter, stirring over high heat until mixture reaches 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Reduce heat and slowly add milk and cook until thermometer reaches 248 degrees F.nPour mixture onto the 4 buttered baking trays. When taffy is cool enough to handle, butter your hands and bring corners to the center to form into a ball. Take all 4 balls and form into 1 large ball.nPlace onto a table or marble slab so you and a helper can start the pulling process. Start folding and stretching your taffy ball. You should pull the taffy from your friend, fold over and over in your hands, then let your friend pull the taffy from you, repeating this process until the taffy turns light in color. Pulling the taffy adds tiny air bubbles throughout the candy, making it lighter and chewier.nPlace the taffy on your pulling tableslab, add the color and flavoring, and start the pulling process all over again until the liquids are well incorporated and the taffy is the color you want.nNow you can lay the taffy on the table that has a small amount of cornstarch to keep it from sticking. While still soft, press into a 34inch thick sheet. Take a yardstick and cut a straight line with buttered scissors or knife. Continue cutting the taffy into 12 to 34inch wide strips. Cut strips into pieces that you want to wrap, about 2inches. Begin wrapping the pieces in the waxed paper and twisting the ends., ingredients: [2 pounds sugar, 4 pounds corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 34 cups milk, 3 drops red or peach coloring, 2 teaspoons peach flavoring, for taste, Cornstarch, for sprinkling on pulling table], title: Taffy, picturelink: xp4iWLiQ2wLLnI5MP7KKRZZ0wfS.4AC}, 31820: {instructions: Mix together the ricotta, chocolate, candied fruit and 4 tablespoons of the granulated sugar in a mixing bowl, and then spread evenly into the pie crust. Lay slices of sponge cake on top of the filling close to the crust. Heat 12 cup water in a saucepot, and then remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and the rum. Lightly coat the sponge cake with the rum water using a pastry brush. Place a plate on top of the cake and then invert and sprinkle with the icing sugar. Refrigerate 1 hour and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds 3 14 ounces1 kg fresh ricotta cheese, 7 ounces200 g semisweet chocolate, chopped, 7 ounces200 g candied fruit, such as oranges, chopped, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 storebought pie shell, baked and cooled in pie plate, Sponge cake, sliced, or savoiardi cookies ladyfinger cookies, 12 cup rum, 3 tablespoons icing sugar], title: Cassata Rustica, picturelink: null}, 31821: {instructions: Combine the chicken with the stock in a soup pot. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 30 minutes. Add the vegetables and rice and cook 20 minutes longer.nCool the chicken in the stock. Lift out the chicken and remove and discard the skin and bones. Shred the chicken and return to the pot. Stir in the lime juice and epazote or mint and reheat the soup. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3 pound chicken, 2 quarts chicken stock, 2 teaspoons sea salt, to taste, 1 medium carrot, peeled and chopped, 2 leeks, cleaned and chopped, 1 chayote, skin on, pitted and chopped, 23 cup short grain rice, Juice of 1 lime, 6 tablespoons finely chopped fresh epazote or mint], title: Mexican Chicken Rice Soup, picturelink: null}, 31822: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine horseradish ingredients together and season to taste with pepper.nTrim mustard greens of any tough stems. Wash and dry. Roll leaves into a tight, long cylinder and cut across roll in 14inch slices. Melt butter in a saute pan over high heat. Saute greens with salt and pepper just until wilted, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from pan and reserve.nLower heat and add bacon to pan. Cook bacon until heated through, about 1 minute per side.nAssemble sandwiches: Toast 12 pieces of potato bread and spread 6 with Horseradish and Mustard and Mayonnaise. Cover the 6 coated pieces of toast with mustard greens, bacon, and thinly sliced tomatoes. Melt butter in a large skillet over moderate heat. Fry eggs until yolks are just set, about 1 minute per side. Set each egg atop a plain piece of toast. Place egg covered piece on top of tomato to form a sandwich. Slice in half and serve with cole slaw, olives and French fries., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup freshly grated horseradish, 12 cup Dijon or stoneground mustard, White pepper to taste, 1 bunch mustard greens, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and white pepper to taste, 18 slices Canadian bacon, 12 slices Potato Bread recipe above, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 eggs], title: Fried Egg Sandwich with Canadian Bacon and Mustard Greens, picturelink: null}, 31823: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 8 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, apples and thyme, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Add the almonds, walnuts, sunflower seeds, dried blueberries and dried cranberries. Add the broth and bring to a simmer.nWhisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the bread, then pour in the broth mixture and toss.nTransfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish and dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Cover with aluminum foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [9 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 2 medium onions, diced, 2 medium firm cooking apples such as Cortland, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup walnuts, chopped, 14 cup sunflower seeds, 14 cup dried blueberries, 14 cup dried cranberries, 4 cups lowsodium vegetable broth, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 16 cups stale multigrain bread cubes], title: Multigrain Stuffing With Nuts and Dried Fruit, picturelink: lZLJlqm30bOld0wIlYCQKMQRF8SaRm}, 31824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot of heavily salted boiling water, cook the rigatoni according to the package directions for al dente. Drain and once cooled add to a large bowl along with the chicken, celery and green onions. Toss well.nIn a medium bowl, combine the mayonnaise, blue cheese, lemon juice, mustard, hot sauce, beer, honey, black pepper, cayenne and 2 teaspoons salt. Stir until smooth, then add to the bowl with the rigatoni. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nRefrigerate for 1 to 3 hours to allow the flavors to meld. Garnish with chopped celery leaves before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound rigatoni noodles, 1 pound cooked chicken, diced I love using leftover wing meat, 4 stalks celery, cut into small dice about 2 cups, plus chopped leaves, for garnish, 12 bunch green onions, green parts only, sliced about 12 cup, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 5 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 to 4 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons dark, dark, DARK beer, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne or togarashi if you have it], title: Buffalo Chicken Pasta Salad, picturelink: g5pAFtVYFkG8mGghjbf2K5AIjnAlvq}, 31825: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl place the scooped avocado pulp and lime juice, toss to coat. Drain, and reserve the lime juice, after all of the avocados have been coated. Using a potato masher add the salt, cumin, and cayenne and mash. Then, fold in the onions, tomatoes, cilantro, and garlic. Add 1 tablespoon of the reserved lime juice. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour and then serve., ingredients: [3 Haas avocados, halved, seeded and peeled, 1 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 medium onion, diced, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Guacamole, picturelink: T1QxLjbo1c4UUdGMaaIhAlt9RLgbAm}, 31826: {instructions: Using a fork, pierce the duck skin all over to allow the flavor of the marinade to penetrate and the fat to drain. Combine honey, soy sauce, coffee, ginger, miso and brown sugar together in a bowl, stir well to dissolve the brown sugar and miso. Squeeze the citrus juice into the marinade then stuff the cavity of the duck with the citrus halves. Place the duck in a 2 gallon freezer bag, then pour in the marinade. Seal and refrigerate for 24 hours.nThe next day, remove the duck from the marinade and pat it dry with paper towel. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the duck on a rack in a roasting pan. Fold the wing tips back and tie the legs together. First, roast the duck for 20 minutes, the high temperature will caramelize the sugars on the outside of the duck and set a rich mahogany color. After 20 minutes, drop the temperature down to 325 degrees F and roast for 1 hour. Duck heaven babynYou can start the bok choy when the duck has about 10 minutes left in cooking. Preheat a large skillet on medium high. Add peanut oil.nSaute cut side down for about 1 minute until golden. Discard the oil. Take the backside of a knife and give the ginger a good whack. Bruising the ginger will release a ton of flavor. Add the ginger to the pan with bok choy then add the mirin, soy, and chicken stock. Stir in the miso, careful not to damage the food.nWhile you have the spoon in your hand, stir in the cornstarch mixture, then let the sauce simmer and thicken for a few minutes. Finish with the fresh cherries, a pinch of salt, and fresh cracked white pepper., ingredients: [1 4 to 5pound Long Island duck, 1 cup honey, 2 cup soy sauce, 1 cup cold black coffee, 14 cup finely chopped fresh ginger, 14 cup lite miso, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 orange, halved, 1 lemon, halved, 1 lime, halved, 14 cup peanut oil, 4 heads baby bok choy, halved lengthwise, 1 small piece ginger, 1 tablespoon mirin, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon lite miso, 2 tablespoon cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 1 12ounce bag frozen pitted cherries, thawed and drained, Salt and freshly cracked white pepper], title: Miso Roasted Duck with Cherry Glazed Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 31827: {instructions: Cut off as much fat as possible from the leg. Put onion, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns, sugar and salt into saucepan, pour vinegar and water over them and bring to the boil. Let simmer 1 minute and set aside to cool. Put lamb into saucepan or pot into which it fits snugly, and pour lukewarm marinade over it. When cool refrigerate and turn the leg several times during the next 24 hours. The next day, remove leg from marinade and insert slivered garlic into the meat. Rub with salt and pepper, place in roasting pan and roast at 400 degrees until lamb is just browned about 10 to 15 minutes. Add marinade ingredients, baste with marinade and reduce heat to 350 degrees. Roast for 1 12 to 2 hours, continuing to baste, until leg is done. A half an hour before roasting is finished, add the pitted, marinated plums or mushrooms with a few tablespoons of their liquid and baste. Serve with the sauce from the pan and white rice.nWash and thoroughly dry plums. Prick all over with a sharp needles and place in a deep enamel or glass dish. Blend vinegar, sugar and spices in another enamel saucepan and bring to the boil. Then pour this mixture evenly over the plums. Let stand another day and the next day repeat this procedure. On the following day, pour plums and marinade into glass jars so that plums are completely covered by liquid., ingredients: [1 5pound leg of lamb, 1 clove garlic, peeled and slivered, Salt and pepper to taste, 810 marinated plums and 4 tablespoons of their marinade or 12 pound marinated mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, quartered, 1 large onion, peeled and sliced in rounds, 8 black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 pounds ripe plums, 5 cups red wine vinegar, 4 cups sugar, 1 stick cinammon, cut in 2 lengthwise, 4 cloves], title: Marinated Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 31828: {instructions: Cook the noodles in a large pot of boiling water until tender. Drain well. Whisk together the soy sauce, hot pepper oil, vinegar, ginger and sesame oil and toss with the warm noodles. Add the cucumber and top with the sesame seeds. Serve at room temperature, ingredients: [1 pound soba noodles, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 drops hot pepper oil, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 12 teaspoon finely minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 large seedless cucumber, quartered and diced, Black sesame seeds], title: Soba Noodles with Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 31829: {instructions: For the beetpickled eggs: Put the cold eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Heat the water to a boil, then cover the saucepan and remove it from the heat. Let stand for 12 minutes. Drain the eggs and rinse with cold water. Let the eggs cool a bit, then peel them while they are still warm eggs are much easier to peel when warm.nPlace the hardboiled eggs in a bowl or storage container and pour the pickling brine from the beet jars over the eggs, making sure the eggs are submerged. You may need to place a weight or a plate on top. Allow the eggs to sit for 45 minutes to 1 hour in the brine, but no longer or theyll start to get rubbery.nFor the sweet Hungarian filling: Mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, dill, vinegar, horseradish, mustard, paprika and cucumber. Season with salt and black pepper.nSlice the eggs in half lengthwise. Gently remove the yolks by pressing your thumb against the back of each yolk to pop it out of the white. Add the yolks to the bowl with the filling and mash with a fork until smooth. Season with salt.nSpoon the filling into the egg whites, or use a resealable plastic bag to pipe it in. Sprinkle with paprika and dill before serving., ingredients: [8 large eggs, straight from the refrigerator, 3 cups pickled beet juice from about 2 jars pickled beets, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, plus dill sprigs for garnish, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, plus more for garnish, 13 English cucumber, unpeeled, seedy center discarded, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BeetPickled Hungarian Deviled Eggs, picturelink: .EyXjHuW2KYyiAxkjWfCC5s61SPkh5y}, 31830: {instructions: Pour 3 packages of the raspberries, 1 12 cups of the sugar, and the lemon juice into a 10inch saute pan. Crush the berries lightly with a fork and bring the mixture to a full boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is syrupy. Fold the remaining 3 packages of raspberries and the framboise into the hot mixture and refrigerate until very cold.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the cream, the remaining 14 cup of sugar, and the vanilla together on mediumhigh speed until it forms firm peaks.nIn decorative glasses, layer a spoonful of the whipped cream, a spoonful of the raspberry mixture, and then a few meringue pieces. Repeat once or twice, depending on the size of the glasses, until the glasses are full, ending with berries and a dollop of cream. Serve immediately or chill for an hour, until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 6ounce packages fresh raspberries, divided, 1 12 cups plus 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons framboise liqueur, 2 12 cups cold heavy cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 5 to 6 3inch bakery meringue shells, broken in pieces], title: Eton Mess, picturelink: CoCZZC5PRevi4s80bQ.aO5zR6DxNola}, 31831: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine eggs and milk with a fork. In a nonstick skillet, melt the butter over mediumlow heat until it bubbles. Stir a pinch of kosher salt into egg mixture then pour into pan, stirring slowly with a heat resistant rubber spatula. As soon as curds begin to form, increase heat to high and instead of stirring, use the spatula to fold the eggs over themselves while gently shaking the pan with your other hand. As soon as no more liquid is running around the bottom of the pan, remove from the heat and serve. Season with fresh black pepper and garnish with fresh chives or parsley. Remember: if they look done in the pan, theyll be overdone on the plate., ingredients: [5 eggs, 5 tablespoons milk, 1 pat of butter, Kosher salt, Ground pepper, Chives or parsley to garnish], title: Scrambled Eggs Unscrambled, picturelink: null}, 31832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a rack on the top of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Press the dough into a pie plate, prick the bottom of the crust with a fork and flute the edges. Bake the crust until golden, about 10 minutes.nHeat the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally until they are softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, 14 teaspoon of the salt and 18 teaspoon of the pepper, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in 1 cup of the gravy and the milk, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the turkey, carrots, corn, peas, parsley, thyme, oregano, and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper, making sure all of the ingredients are evenly coated with the gravy. Simmer until the mixture is warmed through, about 5 minutes. Pour the mixture into the pie shell. Use a spatula or wooden spoon to spread the mashed potatoes evenly over the mixture, making sure the potato layer meets the edges of the crust. Cover the potatoes with the cheese. Bake the pie until the top is golden, 25 to 30 minutes.nTo serve, cut into slices and drizzle with gravy., ingredients: [One 9inch refrigerated pie crust, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup gravy, plus 14 cup warmed for drizzling, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 3 cups diced turkey, 1 cup glazed carrots, chopped, 12 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 12 cup fresh or frozen peas, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 2 cups mashed potatoes, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Thankful Shepherds Pie, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 31833: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the flour, 12 cup of sugar, baking powder, cardamom, and salt in a mixing bowl. Add 1 34 cups of the heavy cream and mix until a dough forms. Put the dough onto a floured surface and pat into a disk 12 inches in diameter. Cut into 6 wedges and place on a baking sheet. Brush each wedge with the remaining 3 tablespoons of cream and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar. Place the pan into the top half of the oven and bake for 25 minutes, until the cakes are golden and firm to the touch. Remove from the oven and let cool.nAs the cakes are baking, put the berries and maple syrup in a bowl. Let macerate until ready to assemble the desserts.nSlice each shortcake in half and place the bottom halves on a platter. Divide the berries among the 6 cake bottoms. Top with the shortcake tops and garnish with whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups plus 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 pounds strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 cup maple syrup], title: Cardamom Shortcake with Maple Berries, picturelink: pDB6AcGnbRPSzFYocHrMO6OmW1jmvaW}, 31834: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the prawns, fish sauce, sugar, oyster sauce, cinnamon, cumin and curry powder. Allow to marinate for 30 minutes, covered and refrigerated.nPour oil in a large fry pan on high heat, fry the ginger, garlic and red shallots until fragrant and then cook each side of the prawns for 1 minute. Add the spring onions and 1 tablespoon of water and toss for a further minute.nTransfer to a serving plate and garnish with sliced red chili.nServe with jasmine rice., ingredients: [10 12 ounces large prawns, shelled and deveined with tail intact, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon red curry powder, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 tablespoon fresh grated ginger, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced red Asian shallot, 6 spring onion, cut into 2inch lengths, 1 tablespoon water, 1 long red chili, finely sliced, Jasmine rice, to serve], title: Spiced Mekong Delta Prawns: Tom Huong Cay, picturelink: null}, 31835: {instructions: Special equipment: three 12inch round cake pans, three 8inch round cake pans, three 6inch round cake pans, flower cutters, straws or dowels, a pastry bag fitted with a round number 10 tip and a 14inch cake drumnFor the butter cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease three 12inch round cake pans, three 8inch round cake pans and three 6inch round cake pans with butter and line with parchment. Set aside.nIn 2 batches, using half of the ingredients for each batch see Cooks Note, whisk together the milk, vanilla and egg whites in a bowl and set aside. Mix the cake flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in the bowl of stand mixer. Add the butter cubes and continue beating on low for 1 to 2 minutes. Add about half of the milk mixture and beat at medium speed for 1 12 minutes. Add the remaining milk mixture and beat for about 1 minute.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and bake until the cakes are light golden brown and bounce back when lightly pressed in the center, 12 to 15 minutes for the 6inch pans, 15 to 20 minutes for the 8inch pans and 25 to 30 minutes for the 12inch pans. Let the cakes cool for about 5 minutes in the pans, then remove to a wire rack to cool completely before assembling, 25 to 30 minutes.nFor the coconutrum syrup: Combine the cream of coconut and rum in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nFor the passionfruit buttercream: Cream together the powdered sugar, butter, passionfruit puree and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Continue beating until thick and creamy.nFor the American buttercream: Cream together the powdered sugar, butter, cream cheese, heavy cream and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Continue beating until thick and creamy.nFor the gum paste flowers: Lightly sprinkle cornstarch on a wood board and roll the gum paste out very thinly. Using a flower cutter, cut out flower shapes. Place the flowers in the cups of a mini muffin tin that has been lightly dusted with cornstarch. Let dry for at least 2 hours or overnight.nMix each gel food color with about 1 tablespoon of vodka until the desired color is achieved. Paint the dry flowers with the foodcoloring paint, then let dry completely.nCake Assembly:nFor the 12inch tier: Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the top of one 12inch layer with the coconutrum syrup. Spread the first layer with enough passionfruit buttercream to achieve a thickness of about 12 inch. Top with a second cake layer and repeat with the coconutrum syrup and passionfruit buttercream. Top with the third layer and brush with the syrup. Stabilize the tier with straws or dowels. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or longer if possible.nFor the 8inch tier: Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the top of one 8inch layer with the coconutrum syrup. Spread the first layer with enough passionfruit buttercream to achieve a thickness of about 12 inch. Top with a second cake layer and repeat with the coconutrum syrup and passionfruit buttercream. Top with the third layer and brush with the syrup. Stabilize the tier with straws or dowels. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or longer if possible.nFor the 6inch tier: Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the top of one 6inch layer with the coconutrum syrup. Spread the first layer with enough passionfruit buttercream to achieve a thickness of about 12 inch. Top with a second cake layer and repeat with the coconutrum syrup and passionfruit buttercream. Top with the third layer and brush with the syrup. Stabilize the tier with straws or dowels. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or longer if possible.nOnce the cakes are chilled, crumbcoat each tier with the American buttercream frosting. Chill each tier for at least 1 hour. After chilling, apply a final coating of the American buttercream frosting using a decorative technique or by completely smoothing the top and sides of the cakes. Chill the completely frosted tiers again.nPlace the 12inch tier on a 14inch cake drum. Gently place and center the 8inch tier on top of the 12inch tier. Repeat with the 6inch tier. Using more buttercream placed in a pastry bag with a round number 10 tip, pipe a decorative bead border along the bottom of each tier.nOnce the cake is assembled, use buttercream frosting to affix the gum paste flowers to the cake in a cascading arrangement or as desired., ingredients: [3 cups 6 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, softened, plus more for greasing the pans, 4 cups milk, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons vanilla, 24 large egg whites, at room temperature, 9 cups cake flour, 7 cups granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 ounces cream of coconut, 12 cup white rum, 12 cups powdered sugar, 4 cups 8 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup passionfruit puree, Large pinch of kosher salt, 6 cups powdered sugar, 4 cups 8 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup cream cheese, softened, 14 cup heavy cream, Large pinch of kosher salt, Cornstarch, for dusting, 8 ounces prepared gum paste, Assorted pink, purple and yellow gel food colors, Vodka, for mixing], title: Hawaiian Lei Wedding Cake, picturelink: esULRuUi7aopvhAfgANKKukbj5Z5Nu}, 31836: {instructions: Heat a wok over high heat and add the vegetable oil. Stirfry the ginger and garlic until fragrant, less than 1 minute. Add the carrots and stirfry until tender, 2 minutes. Toss in the bamboo shoots, asparagus and mushrooms and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes more. Season with the soy sauce, vegetarian oyster sauce and toasted sesame oil and stir well.nArrange the butter lettuce leaves on a plate and divide the mixture among the leaves. Garnish each cup with a sprinkle of chopped chiles, green onion, cilantro, Mandarin oranges and chopped roasted peanuts and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and finely diced, One 8ounce can bamboo shoots, drained and finely diced, 8 ounces fresh asparagus, blanched and thinly sliced, 9 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 4 tablespoons light soy sauce, 3 tablespoons vegetarian oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 heads butter lettuce, leaves separated, 1 medium red Fresno chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 large green onion, green part only, finely chopped, 1 small handful fresh cilantro leaves, 3 small mandarin oranges, clementine oranges or tangerines, segmented, 14 cup roasted peanuts, finely chopped or ground], title: Vegetable Lettuce Wraps Sin Cai Bao, picturelink: null}, 31837: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo remove the lobster meat from the shell, use kitchen shears to cut a lengthwise incision up the middle of the top and underside of the shell. Pull the shell apart and remove the tail meat.nHeat the oil in a large, heavy, shallow skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and melt until foamy.nSprinkle the lobster meat with the garlic salt and pepper. Panfry the lobster in the butter and oil until golden and cooked through, about 8 minutes. Transfer to plate and cover with aluminum foil to keep warm.nPlace a warm flour tortilla on a work surface. Spread 3 tablespoons warm refried beans, then top with 14 cup Arroz Rojo and finish with about 2 ounces cooked lobster meat. Fold in the sides of the tortilla over the filling and roll up to completely enclose. Serve hot with salsa, if desired.nUsing a box grater, grate the tomato into a medium bowl, discarding the tomato skin.nHeat the oil in a medium heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and cook until slightly toasted, about 3 minutes.nAdd the broth, tomato sauce and grated tomato and bring to a boil. Add the serrano, cilantro sprig and salt, to taste. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes.nTurn off the heat under the skillet. Cover the rice and let stand for 8 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork, transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [4 raw lobster tails, frozen and thawed, or 1 pound raw lobster meat, 14 cup vegetable oil, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons garlic salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 flour tortillas, warmed, 1 15.5ounce can refried beans, preferably organic, warmed over low heat, 1 cup Arroz Rojo, recipe follows, Red salsa, for serving, optional, 2 plum tomatoes, cored, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup minced white onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup longgrain rice, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 14 cup canned tomato sauce, 1 serrano chile, 1 sprig fresh cilantro, Salt], title: Puerto Nuevo Lobster Burritos, picturelink: L6y3Cy1ZQRDWtZdBFRBW96ThyNncNtO}, 31838: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly flour a baking sheet.nIn a bowl, whisk together yolk and sour cream, season with salt and pepper. Arrange pastry squares on baking sheet and spoon 14 of mixture onto center of each. Top mixture with artichokes and tomatoes. Spoon remaining sour cream mixture over vegetables and sprinkle with thyme.nBake tarts in middle of oven until pastry is golden, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 large egg yolk, beaten lightly, 14 cup sour cream, 1sheet 1 pound thawed frozen puff pastry, cut into 2 4inch squares, 1cup quartered, drained marinated artichoke hearts, 10 vineripened cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves], title: Artichoke and Cherry Tomato Tarts, picturelink: null}, 31839: {instructions: In a small heavy saucepan simmer maple syrup, gingerroot, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, soy sauce, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste until reduced to about 1 cup, about 30 minutes, and let cool. Maple glaze may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring maple glaze to room temperature before proceeding.nPreheat oven to 350 degree. If using cedar plank, lightly oil and heat in middle of oven 15 minutes or lightly oil a shallow baking pan large enough to hold salmon.nArrange scallion greens in one layer on plank or in baking pan to form a bed for fish.nIn another small saucepan heat half of glaze over low heat until heated through to use as a sauce. Stir in remaining tablespoon lemon juice. Remove pan from heat and keep sauce warm, covered.nPut salmon, skin side down, on scallion greens and brush with remaining glaze. Season salmon with salt and pepper and roast in middle of oven until just cooked through, about 20 minutes if using baking pan or about 35 if using plank.nCut salmon crosswise into 6 pieces., ingredients: [1 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, An untreated cedar plank about 17 by 10 12 inches if desired, 1 2 12pound centercut salmon fillet with skin, Greens from 1 bunch scallions], title: MapleGlazed Cedar Planked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 31840: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the stems from the portobello mushrooms and chop the stems. Set the whole mushroom caps aside.nIn a medium heated frying pan add olive oil, onion, garlic, and mushroom stems. Saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Deglaze pan with white wine.nPour in halfandhalf and mix well. Add chopped spinach and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Shake in grated Parmesan and breadcrumbs. Sauce will thicken when heated through, another few minutes. Remove from heat.nOn a baking sheet, or large pan with a grate, arrange mushrooms, cavityside up. Spoon in enough spinach mixture to fill the portobello mushroom cap. Stack on a couple spoonfuls of crab. Top with mozzarella cheese. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, checking occasionally to make sure the cheese doesnt burn. Remove mushrooms from the oven and serve warm., ingredients: [4 mediumsize portabella mushrooms, 1 4 to 6ounce can crab meat, picked over and drained, 3 ounces grated mozzarella cheese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped 1 teaspoon, 14 cup white wine optional, 1 cup halfandhalf, 6 ounces spinach, rinsed and chopped, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup breadcrumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Portobello Crab Rockefeller, picturelink: null}, 31841: {instructions: In a large glass dish, liberally salt pork and beef tenderloin on all sides. Cover and refrigerate for one day. Turn over once each day for an additional two days. Remove pork and beef from container and pat dry with paper toweling. Dice the pork and beef.nIn a large stockpot with the oil, saute the pork and beef until brown. Add the onion, garlic and scotch bonnet saute until onion is translucent. Add scallions and saute for 3 more minutes. Add taro root and saute until translucent.nAdd chicken stock, bay leaves, thyme, allspice, and ground pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook until meat is tender. Stir in the callaloo. Reduce heat and simmer until wilted. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed, Kosher salt, for curing, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium white onions, chopped, 8 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 scotch bonnet, seeded and chopped, 2 bunches scallions, chopped, 2 pounds taro root, peeled and diced, 2 gallons chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 6 tablespoons whole allspice, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds callaloo, collard greens or spinach may be substituted, rinsed and chopped, Salt and ground black pepper], title: West Indies Pepperpot Soup, picturelink: null}, 31842: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, melt the butter. Add the prawns and vanilla bean and let them saute for 2 minutes. Add the coconut milk and let it thicken. When the prawns are completely cooked, season with the salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 16 prawns also called jumbo shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail on, 1 vanilla bean, split, 12 cup coconut milk, twisted from freshly grated coconut in a cheesecloth, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Prawns with Vanilla Coconut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31843: {instructions: Preheat waffle iron according to manufacturers directions.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt, and baking soda. In another bowl beat together the eggs and melted butter and vanilla, and then add the buttermilk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and stir in the chocolate chips just until combined. Allow to rest for 5 minutes.nLadle the recommended amount of waffle batter onto the center of the iron. Close the iron top and cook until the waffle is crispy on both sides and is easily removed from iron. Serve immediately or keep warm in a 200 degree F oven until ready to serve., ingredients: [7 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 1 12 cups, 1 34 ounces sugar, approximately 3 tablespoons, 1.5 ounces cocoa powder, approximately 12 cup, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 whole eggs, beaten, 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 16 ounces buttermilk, room temperature, 4 ounces chocolate chips, approximately 34 cup, Vegetable spray, for waffle iron], title: Chocolate Waffle, picturelink: null}, 31844: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine sweet relish, mayonnaise, and crabmeat. Set aside.nOn a 12inch chilled platter, combine the 2 types of lettuce in the center of the platter. Arrange tomato wedges around the perimeter of platter. Alternate the olives, bell pepper rings, and cucumber slices between the tomatoes. Arrange the hard boiled eggs around the vegetables. Spoon the crabmeat mixture into the center., ingredients: [14 cup sweet relish, 12 cup bacon and tomato twist mayonnaise, 12 ounces imitation crabmeat, 1 medium head green leaf lettuce, chopped, 1 medium head iceberg lettuce, chopped, 1 vineripened tomato, sliced into 8 wedges, 1 can black olives whole and pitted, drained, 1 small green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and sliced into 14inch rings, 1 medium cucumber, sliced into 14inch thick circles, 2 hardboiled eggs, peeled and quartered lengthwise], title: Crab Louie Salad, picturelink: null}, 31845: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together the flour and baking powder. In a standing mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with sugar until fluffy and light. Mix in the eggs, almond extract, and vanilla extract. Turn down the mixer and slowly add the flour mixture, a third at a time to make a stiff dough. Divide the dough into 4 pieces. Use 2 pieces to make cut out cookies, and the other half for the Russian Tea Cakes.nFor the cut out cookies: On a lightly floured surface roll out a portion of cookie dough to 14inch thick. Cut out shapes using cookie cutters. Place the cookies on lightly greased or nonstick cookie sheets. Bake until lightly golden, about 10 minutes, rotating cookie sheet halfway through the cooking time. Cool on pans about 5 minutes, and then transfer to wire racks and cool completely before decorating with colored icing.nIn a small bowl, mix the sugar and water to form a thick, smooth icing. Stir in the food coloring to reach desired shade. Drop the icing onto cookies using a small teaspoon, and smooth with the back of the spoon. Make additional bowls for additional colors. Add sprinkles, if desired., ingredients: [8 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 cups butter 3 sticks, 3 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Colored Icing, recipe follows, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 6 to 8 drops food coloring, plus more as needed recommended: Seelect Natural Food Coloring, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Colored sprinkles, optional], title: Christmas Cookies, picturelink: null}, 31846: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nLine a sheet pan with parchment paper. You can also use an ovenproof baking dish. Place the fish fillets skin side down on the sheet pan. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.nCombine the creme fraiche, 2 mustards, shallots, capers, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Spoon the sauce evenly over the fish fillets, making sure the fish is completely covered. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish, until its barely done. The fish will flake easily at the thickest part when its done. Be sure not to overcook it Serve hot or at room temperature with the sauce from the pan spooned over the top., ingredients: [4 8ounce fish fillets such as red snapper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces creme fraiche, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 teaspoons drained capers], title: MustardRoasted Fish, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 31847: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Line a 9inch round cake pan with parchment paper. Place a large heatproof mixing bowl over simmering water, or on the top of a double boiler. Stir together chopped chocolate and butter, until melted. Remove from the heat. Place a mixing bowl over warm tap water. Add eggs and beat with an electric mixer, until light in color and tripled in volume, about 3 minutes at medium speed and then high speed for another 5 minutes. Gently fold half of the eggs into the chocolate mixture.nThen fold in espresso beans. Add the remaining eggs, folding gently, until a few streaks remain. Be careful not to overmix. Pour batter into the cake pan. Place cake pans in a bain marie water bath. Place in the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Cover the cake pan with aluminum foil and bake, still in the bain marie, and additional 10 minutes. Set aside to cool on a rack for 45 minutes, then refrigerate for at least 6 hours, to overnight. Turn oven down to 350 degrees. On a baking sheet spread pecan halves. Toast until golden, about 10  15 minutes. Set aside to cool. To remove cake from pan, place the pan over a low burner for a moment or two. Run a sharp knife around the inside edge to loosen the cake. Invert onto a platter.nWhisk the crema or creme fraiche with the sugar and vanilla until peaks form. Pile the stiff cream on the chocolate cake. Then, using a spatula, spread it out to the edges to make a thick even layer of cream over the top, being careful not to drip the white cream onto the sides of the cake. Refrigerate for 10 minutes to set. Arrange pecan halves on top of the cream to form a circle around the outside edge. Dip your fingertips or a fork into the melted chocolate and drizzle over the center in a freeform pattern. Refrigerate until serving time. The finished cake can be held overnight.nIn large bowl whisk together cream and buttermilk. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot light for example for 8 hours. Place in refrigerator. Can be kept for up to a week., ingredients: [1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped plus 3 ounces, melted, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, 6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons finely ground espresso beans, 2 cups pecan halves, 2 cups crema, recipe follows, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Crema, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk], title: Oaxacan Chocolate Mocha Cake, picturelink: null}, 31848: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the sweet potatoes in a large bowl. Add the olive oil and toss to coat. Stir together the cornstarch, paprika, garlic powder, cayenne, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture over the sweet potatoes and toss to coat.nArrange the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet in a single layer, leaving as much space between the fries as possible. Bake, turning once about threequarters of the way through, until the edges are browned and crispy, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool 5 minutes before serving.nServe the warm fries with the Ranch Dressing.nAdd the buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, onion powder, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper and hot sauce to a food processor. Pulse to combine until smooth. Add the parsley and dill and pulse to incorporate, 4 to 5 times. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour into a serving bowl., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into even French fry shapes slightly larger than 14inch batons, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash of hot sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill], title: OvenBaked Sweet Potato Fries with Homemade Ranch Dressing, picturelink: null}, 31849: {instructions: Blend the shallots and garlic with water to help blend smoothly. Fry over medium heat till fragrant in oil.nAdd in the tau cheo and the coriander powder and stir fry for 1 min, then add in the pork and stir fry for another 1 minute. Add 12 cup water, the sugar, salt and dark soy sauce and simmer over low heat until the pork is tender, 1 12 to 2 hours. Serve with the French loaves, red and green birds eye chiles as garnish.nTips: If birds eye chiles are not available or it is too spicy for your taste, an alternative is to use jalapeno sliced thinly and garnish over the dish. 1 jalapeno should be enough for 3 to 4 persons., ingredients: [15 shallots, 4 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon tau cheo yellow bean paste, which can be found at Asian specialty or Asian grocery stores, 1 teaspoon coriander powder, 2.2 pounds, cut into 4 to 5 cm cubesized portions, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 sliced French loaves baguette, 3 red chiles, 3 green chiles], title: Braised Pork Belly in Preserved Soya Beans, picturelink: null}, 31850: {instructions: Heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add bacon and cook until crisp. Add onions and garlic and cook for additional 2 minutes. Add chiles and cook for 1 more minute. Add greens, season with salt and cook for 1 hour over low heat until greens are tender. Add vinegar and a pinch of sugar and cook for 5 more minutes.nCheck seasoning and serve., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, diced, 1 onion, small diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 Fresno chiles, seeded, and diced, 2 pound greens, cleaned, and stemmed collard, Swiss chard or rapine, Kosher salt, 3 ounces white wine vinegar, Granulated sugar], title: Cooked Greens, picturelink: null}, 31851: {instructions: For the crab cakes: Gently pick through the crab meat to remove any shell pieces. In a bowl, combine the crab and panko breadcrumbs and mix gently. In a separate bowl, add the mayonnaise, parsley, mustard, seafood seasoning, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and egg and whisk to combine.nPour the crab cake base over the crab meat and mix gently by hand, trying to keep the pieces of crab together. Allow the crab cake mix to rest for 45 minutes in the refrigerator. Divide the crab cake mix into 12 portions and form into cakes.nHeat a skillet over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil and sear half of the crab cakes until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Let the first batch rest while you cook the second batch with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil.nFor the tartar sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, relish and capers in a bowl and whisk. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the tomato relish: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan. Add the garlic and saute until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and tarragon and cook until warmed through, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vinegar and sugar and bring to a boil. Cook until the liquid is reduced to a syrup, 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nFor plating: Smear about 2 tablespoons of the tartar sauce on a plate. Shingle 2 crab cakes on top of the tartar sauce and then top the crab cakes with 2 tablespoons of the tomato relish. Repeat with the remaining crab cakes, tartar sauce and tomato relish., ingredients: [1 pound crab claw meat, 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 large egg, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup sweet relish, 2 tablespoons capers, chopped, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups diced tomato, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 cup white balsamic vinegar, 12 cup sugar, Kosher salt and black pepper], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: AiO5HIUGOm2hXt036yywuBjTAd.ex1m}, 31852: {instructions: eat brussels sprouts., ingredients: [1 brussles sprout, 2 cloves garlic], title: brussels sprouts, picturelink: null}, 31853: {instructions: Butter a 10 by 2inch cake pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulse the nuts until coarsely chopped. Reserve. Process the chocolate until coarsely chopped. Add to the chopped nuts.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks and 14 cup sugar. Beat until light and ribbony.nIn another mixing bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Slowly add the remaining 14 cup of sugar and continue to beat until stiff peaks form.nFold the nuts and chocolate into the egg yolk mixture. Carefully fold the egg white into the yolk mixture. Fill the cake pan 23 full. Bake for 20 minutes or until center is springy. Remove from the oven and cool on a baking rack. Dust with cocoa powder or decorate with chocolate drawings., ingredients: [8 ounces hazelnuts, roasted and peeled, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 8 eggs, separated, 12 cup sugar, Cocoa powder or melted chocolate, for decoration], title: Torta Regina, picturelink: null}, 31854: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 to 8 wood skewers that have been soaked in water for a few minutesnFor the pork: Bring a large saucepan of water to a simmer and cook the pork belly for 20 minutes. Remove from the water and let cool.nCombine the salt, sugar, peppercorns, crushed red pepper, bay leaves, garlic and 4 cups water in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, then let cool. Place the pork loin in the brine mixture and let sit in the fridge until ready to cook, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Remove the pork from the brine, discard the brine and bring to room temperature before cooking.nHeat a grill or grill pan over medium heat. Skewer the pork loin, pork belly, onions and peppers and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the skewers until the pork is cooked through.nFor the red wine sauce: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, celery and garlic and saute until softened. Season with salt and pepper. Add the wine, beef broth, cranberries, sugar and rosemary. Stir to dissolve the sugar. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is reduced by half. Strain the sauce and keep it warm.nFor the chutney: Combine the cranberries, figs, wine, raisins, honey, ginger, cinnamon, cloves and 12 cup water in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until the raisins, figs, and cranberries are plumped and the mixture is thickened. Remove from the heat and stir in the green onion, lemon juice, parsley, thyme, and a drizzle of olive oil.nServe the pork topped with the red wine sauce and chutney., ingredients: [1 piece pork belly about 1 pound, trimmed, hard skin removed and meat cut into cubes, 14 cup salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 dried bay leaves, 3 cloves garlic, 1 boneless pork loin about 2 to 3 pounds, trimmed and cut into cubes, 2 onions, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 bell peppers, cut into bitesize pieces, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup beef broth, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup dried figs, chopped, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, Pinch cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, 1 green onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Pork Loin Skewers in Red Wine Sauce with Fig and Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: Hau7nwfvyOEwZXzbctDUXVkbv3ja7LO}, 31855: {instructions: Preheat a grill on low heat.nButterfly tenderloin, rub with olive oil, and spread with garlic pesto. Add the spinach, basil and cheeses. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Wrap bacon around tenderloin and secure with wood skewers presoaked in water.nGrill for 35 to 40 minutes on low heat. Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nTop with more cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 pork tenderloins, Olive oil, to taste, Franks Garlic Pesto Spread, 1 cup fresh spinach leaves, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup shredded Asiago, mozzarella, and Parmesan, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 pound peppered bacon strips], title: Stuffed Pork, picturelink: c6tA3amvQqsckIel7bMOTKaSJnl4gEO}, 31856: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, eggs, sugar, butter, shortening, lemon extract, nutmeg and water. On a floured surface, roll out the dough to 12inch thickness. Cut with a 2 12inch circle biscuit cutter.nPlace on a greased baking sheet. Bake in oven for 15 to 25 minutes, or until slightly golden on the edges. Serve., ingredients: [6 cups flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 6 eggs, 3 cups sugar, 12 pound butter, at room temperature, 12 cup vegetable shortening, at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons lemon extract, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 12 cup water], title: Tea Cakes, picturelink: null}, 31857: {instructions: Special equipment: a tempering machine a silicone baking mat or wax papernCombine the confectioners sugar, baking soda and citric acid. Place the chocolate in a tempering machine and process until tempered. Stir in the dry ingredients. Spread the chocolate mixture 14inch thick on a silicone baking mat or wax paper. Sprinkle the top with the peppermint candies. Refrigerate the chocolate until set, about 1 hour.nBreak into pieces to serve., ingredients: [25 grams 1 ounce confectioners sugar, 22 12 grams 34 ounce baking soda, 2 14 grams 18 ounce citric acid, 250 grams 8 34 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 cup peppermint candy, finely chopped], title: Fizzy Peppermint Bark, picturelink: DWsXFyQB83YZdJTffZqlm8Ced7q5v6}, 31858: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse together the walnuts, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, avocados and basil until smooth. Add salt and pepper to taste. Spread onto each piece of toast. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup walnuts, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 cloves garlic, 2 ripe avocados, pitted and peeled, 1 large bunch fresh basil leaves about 3 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 pieces wholegrain toast], title: Avocado Pesto Toast, picturelink: t7S1415eZyQiacw4JunC4wJDFaSodFu}, 31859: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, bring chiles and oil to a simmer. Remove from heat and let peppers steep in oil at least 1 hour.nIn a small bowl add the warm this activates the yeast. If the water is too hot the yeast will die and if the water is too cold the yeast will not activate tap water add the dry yeast and the sugar and stir to combine. Let sit for 15 minutes. The top of the water will bubble and it will smell very yeasty, this is what you want.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and the salt. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil and the yeastwater mixture. Using a fork gradually stir the flour into the yeastwater mix. Once most of the flour has combined, turn the dough out to a smooth clean work surface and use your hands to knead the dough to a smooth consistency.nReturn the dough to the mixing bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set in a warm place for at least 1 hour or until the dough has doubled in size.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F and preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a small bowl, mix together the tomatoes, olives, capers, red pepper flakes and season with salt and a drizzle of olive oil, set aside.nBrush and oil grill to remove any crud and clean.nPortion the dough into golf ball size rounds. Using a rolling pin, roll each dough into a rectangle, I like irregular shapes. If not using the dough right away, wrap each 1 in plastic wrap and reserve until ready to use. If using the dough right away grill each dough on both sides so there are grill marks and the dough is stiff and crisp. Top some of the dough with shaved Parmigiano and the other with Taleggio.nTop the Taleggio pizzas with the tomato mixture. Place pizzas in oven until cheese melts, about 3 to 4 minutes. Immediately when the Parmesan pizzas come out of the oven, arrange prosciutto slices on top and then top with the arugula and drizzle with spicy chile oil. Cut pizzas into pieces and serve immediately garnished with chives., ingredients: [5 to 6 Fresno chile peppers, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup warm tap water, 1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound ParmigianoReggiano, shaved thin, 12pound Taleggio cheese, rind removed and chopped, 14 pound prosciutto, sliced thin, 2 cups baby arugula, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 14 cup pitted gaeta olives, sliced, 2 tablespoons capers, Pinch red pepper flakes, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Chiliinfused oil, for garnish, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Grilled Pizzettas with Parmigiano, Prosciutto and Arugula and with Taleggio and Puttanesca, picturelink: WHm3wRiOKaytlwMPP89e60BVc96YHlm}, 31860: {instructions: Mix together the peanut butter, brown sugar, soy sauce, sriracha, lime zest and juice and some hot water in a small bowl until the dressing reaches the desired consistency, adding a bit more hot water or lime juice to thin it out if its too thick. If you want it more spicy, add some more sriracha.nServe over red leaf and romaine lettuce with mandarin oranges and crispy wonton noodles., ingredients: [3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Squirt of sriracha, plus more if needed, 1 lime, zested and juiced, plus more lime juice, if needed, For serving: red leaf lettuce, romaine, mandarin oranges and crispy wonton noodles], title: 123 Asian Dressing, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 31861: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nFinely grate 1 teaspoon of zest from the lemon and set aside. Squeeze the juice from the lemon over both sides of the fish. Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper, to taste, and the garlic powder. Place the fish on the prepared baking sheet and broil until forktender, about 3 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine the mayonnaise, lemon zest, horseradish, chives, and parsley. Serve the fish with the mayonnaise mixture spooned over the top., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 lemon, 4 6ounce Tilapia fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 13 cup light mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Broiled Tilapia with Horseradish and HerbSpiked Mayo, picturelink: P5Jcv3019jBG2tOD1WkaYpY7XrxllQ6}, 31862: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add spaghetti and cook until a little less than al dente, about 3 minutes. When done, drain, dry and return to the pot. Meanwhile bring another large pot of salted water to a boil. Add broccoli, zucchini, asparagus, and green beans. Cook for 3 minutes. Add peas and cook for one minute more. Drain vegetables and refresh in a bowl of cold water and set aside. In a skillet heat oil and add mushrooms and cook until firm, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, including their liquid, and garlic and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Now stir in parsley and basil, and then add cooked spaghetti. Toss to combine. Then add the cooked green vegetables and toss gently until just heated through. Add some chicken broth if the mixture is too dry. Meanwhile, make your cream sauce. In a saucepan melt butter and add cream and heat until hot. Add Parmesan cheese and stir to combine. Add the cream sauce to the spaghetti mixture and gently to coat the spaghetti. Transfer to a serving dish and top with pine nuts, freshly ground black pepper and Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [12 pound fresh spaghetti, 1 12 cups broccoli florets, 1 cup zucchini, cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup thin asparagus, cut into 1 12inch lengths, 12 cup green beans, cut into 1 12inch lengths, 12 cup fresh or frozen peas, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 cups seeded and diced tomatoes, including any juices, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil, 14 to 13 cups chicken brothif necessary, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Classic Spaghetti Primavera, picturelink: null}, 31863: {instructions: Heat a pot of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. Put the Townhouse Flatbread Crisps in the bowl of a food processor and pulverize to breadcrumb consistency. Slice the fish into 1 to 2inch sticks and sprinkle with the cumin, curry powder, chili powder, Cajun seasoning, salt and pepper. Dredge the fish first in the flour, then the egg wash and lastly the cracker crumbs. Fry the fish until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Serve with the Curry Dill Aioli for dipping.nIn the bowl of a food processor, place the egg, yolks, curry powder, salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil to make a thick emulsion. Add the lime juice and dill and pulse to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 box Townhouse Flatbread Crisps, 2 pounds mahi mahi, skin removed, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 4 eggs, beaten, Curry Dill Aioli, for dipping, recipe follows, 1 egg, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon mild curry powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup lime juice, 1 small bunch fresh dill, chopped], title: Town Houseu00ae Flatbread Crispsu00ae Crusted Mahi Mahi with Curry Dill Aioli, picturelink: IezbhJ5VqfBcGbBgcDtYLJNZ58JeqhK}, 31864: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. While water is heating, peel and finely chop the onion. Core, seed and chop the red peppers. Wipe the mushrooms clean with a damp paper towel, remove the stems you can reserve them for another usesuch as making stock, and thinly slice the caps. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Stir in onions and peppers, cover, and reduce heat. Simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. While this is cooking, trim the green beans and cut them into 1inch pieces. Rinse, pat dry, and mince the sage. Add the chicken broth, mushrooms, green beans, and sage to skillet. Cover and simmer over low heat until all the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Drain the pasta and portion it out. Ladle some of the vegetables and sauce over each portion, and crumble the goat cheese on top if you wish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 onion, 2 red bell peppers, 12 pound fresh mushrooms, preferably Shiitake or wild mushrooms, 34 pound mediumsize pasta shells, 14 cup olive oil, 12 pound green beans, 10 fresh sage leaves, or 12 teaspoon dried sage, 1 cup chicken or vegetable broth, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 14 cup dry goat cheeseoptional], title: Pasta dAutunno, picturelink: null}, 31865: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, cream the butter and sugars. Add the eggs into sugar mixture, one at a time, incorporating each egg into the mixture. Add spices and salt. Stir potatoes into sugar mixture add milk and mix thoroughly. Pour into a greased 2quart baking dish.nBake for 50 to 60 minutes.nTo serve, spoon Tennessee Whiskey Sauce over and top with whipped cream.nIn a small saucepan combine water, sugar, and nutmeg. Bring to a boil. Combine Jack Daniels Whiskey and cornstarch stir into sugar mixture. Cook until thickened. Blend in butter until melted., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cloves, Dash salt, 2 12 cups uncooked sweet potatoes, shredded, 1 12 cups milk, Tennessee Whiskey Sauce, recipe follows, Whipped cream, 1 14 cups water, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 cup Jack Daniels whiskey, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Sweet Potato Pudding with Tennessee Whiskey Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Sprinkle the chicken pieces on both sides with salt and pepper. Working in batches, place the chicken in the pan, skinside down, and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the chicken over and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the chicken to a large plate.nAdd another tablespoon of the oil to the pan and heat until almost smoking. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are golden brown and their liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Remove to a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the onions and the bell peppers to the pan and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, serrano chiles and red pepper flakes, and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the wine and cook until almost completely reduced. Add the chicken broth, tomatoes, rosemary and thyme, and bring to a simmer. Return the dark meat and mushrooms to the pan, reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover the pan and cook until the chicken is tender, about 30 minutes.nAdd the white meat to the pan, cover and continue cooking for 10 minutes. Remove the chicken with a slotted spoon to a large shallow bowl and tent it loosely with foil.nRaise the heat under the pan to high and cook the liquid, stirring occasionally, until thickened to a sauce consistency, about 15 minutes.nSeason with salt, pepper and honey. Stir in the basil and capers, and pour the sauce over the chicken. Garnish with fresh basil sprigs. Serve over spaghetti and sprinkle with shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, One 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces breasts halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, quartered, 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large yellow bell pepper, thinly julienned, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 serrano or jalapeno chile, finely diced, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 cups homemade or canned lowsodium chicken broth, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, with juices, pureed, 3 small sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, Honey, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 tablespoons brined capers, drained, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked al dente, Thinly shaved Parmesan], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: DG6FAO6zf302qiKAQbr21LEIBw7DbXW}, 31867: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large pot or saucepan. Heat over medium heat, until thickened and slightly reduced. Cool and store in plastic containers or jars in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPreheat grill to high.nFor ribs, place on grill without sauce and sear both sides. Use tongs. Not forks, which allow juices to run.. Paint both sides with sauce. Place on grill and sear first side, approximately 5 minutes. Turn and repaint seared side. Remove after approximately 5 minutes. Cut and serve.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pint plain tomato sauce, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup stout or full flavored beer, remainder to be consumed immediately by cook, Spices, to taste Jamaica is multiethnic and so is this sauce  African, Spanish, Indian, Chinese, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon powdered ginger, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin or brown curry powder, 3 tablespoons hot sauce or as you like it, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, Ribs], title: Jamaican Jerked BBQ Sauce, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 31868: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPat the pork chops dry with paper towels. Season both sides generously with salt and pepper. Beat the eggs in a shallow bowl until foamy. Spread the flour and bread crumbs out in 2 separate shallow bowls. Dredge a chop in the flour to coat all sides. Tap off any excess flour. Coat the chop with egg and let it drain for a second or so over the bowl. Lay it in the bread crumbs and turn a couple of times, patting the crumbs onto the chop to adhere. Set the chop on a baking sheet and repeat with the remaining chops.nPour 12inch of canola oil into a large, wide skillet. Heat over medium heat until the tip of the handle of a wooden spoon gives off a lively sizzle about 375 degrees F. Add half the pork chops to the oil and cook, turning once, until golden brown on both sides, about 4 minutes. Transfer to an 11 by 15inch baking dish or any baking dish that holds all the chops snugly, overlapping them along 1 side of the pan. Repeat with the remaining chops.nSpoon as much of the onions and peppers from the vinegar as you like about 12 cup works for me over the chops. Drizzle vinegar over the chops and bake until no trace of pink remains near the bone, about 25 minutes. Serve right away.nCut the tops off the pineapples and discard. With a large knife, cut the rind off the pineapples leaving as little pineapple attached as possible. Put the rinds in a pot large enough to hold them comfortably and pour in enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over low to medium heat and cook until the pineapple peel is very tender, about 30 minutes. Add water, if necessary, to keep the rinds submerged.nMeanwhile, put the onions, oregano, peppercorns, garlic, habanero or other chile pepper, vinegar, and salt in a large jar with a tightfitting lid.nStrain the pineapple liquid into the jar. If there is not enough liquid to cover the ingredients, add more water to the pineapple and boil for 20 minutes. Taste and add a little more salt andor a little vinegar, if you think it needs it. You can use it as soon as it cools, but it will get better as it sits., ingredients: [8 1inch thick loin pork chops about 4 pounds, Fine sea or kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups seasoned bread crumbs, Canola or vegetable oil, Spicy Pineapple Vinegar, recipe follows, 2 ripe pineapples, 12 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon smashed fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 20 garlic cloves, crushed, 6 habanero peppers or chile peppers of choice, stems removed, peppers coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, or as needed, 12 teaspoon salt, or as needed], title: Breaded Pork Chops with Vinegar  Chuletas con Vinagre, picturelink: null}, 31869: {instructions: Whisk all the marinade ingredients together in a large bowl. Set aside. Transfer half of the marinade into 1 shallow nonreactive pan or bowl and reserve the other half of the marinade for the mushrooms.nTrim excess fat from the steaks and make small cuts with a knife into the fat around the edge of the steaks. Marinate steaks for at least 30 minutes at room temperature, or up to 6 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill to high heat.nPlace steaks on the hot grill for 3 minutes on each side to sear and create nice grill marks. Reduce the grill temperature to low and close the lid. Continue cooking steaks an additional 5 to 10 minutes for mediumrare, turning them halfway through. Let steaks rest for 5 minutes before serving.nMeanwhile, dip the mushrooms in the reserved marinade and place on the grill, curved side down. Put the leftover marinade from the steaks and mushrooms in a small saucepan and bring to a boil for at least 3 minutes and cook until reduced slightly. Lightly coat the serving platter with extravirgin olive oil and whole leaves of fresh rosemary, oregano, and basil. Transfer the steaks and mushrooms to the platter and drizzle with the sauce., ingredients: [23 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for garnish, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 New York strip steaks, 1 12 to 2 inches thick, 4 large portobello mushrooms, 1 cup dry cabernet sauvignon], title: Cabernet Steak and Mushrooms, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 31870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine milk, instant pudding mix, and vanilla extract in a large bowl. Beat mixture with a hand mixer for 2 minutes, or until it thickens. Place mixture in refrigerator for 15 minutes. Spoon filling into a pastry bag fitted with a mediumsize plain tip. Fill cupcakes with vanilla pudding filling by inserting tip into top of cupcake and squeezing a couple of tablespoons of filling into each cupcake.nHeat cream in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat until bubbles appear around the edges. Remove from heat, add chocolate morsels to pan, and whisk until smooth. Spoon or drizzle glaze over cupcakes, or dunk the tops into the glaze. Refrigerate until set, at least 1 hour, before serving. Sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 14 cups cold whole milk, 1 3.4ounce box vanilla instant pudding and pie filling mix, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 12 premade cupcakes baked from a cake mix, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12ounce package semisweet chocolate morsels, 14 cup powdered sugar, sifted], title: Boston Creme Cupcakes, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 31871: {instructions: Preheat oven to 370 degrees. Beat butter with sugar. Beat in 14 cup of raspberry preserves. Beat in egg yolk, almond extract, lemon zest. Mix flour and baking powder together. Gradually beat flour mixture into butter mixture. Take walnut size pieces of dough and roll in almonds if dough is too sticky, refrigerate it. Set on parchment lined baking sheet and press indentation in center. Bake for 6 minutes. Remove from oven and fill with raspberry preserves. Bake for 6 more minutes to just set filling. Let cool., ingredients: [1 cup 2 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 34 cup raspberry preserves, 1 large egg yolk, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 lemon, zest grated, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup chopped almonds], title: Raspberry Tea Cookies Ciastka Z Konserwa, picturelink: null}, 31872: {instructions: To make the satay: Combine all ingredients except the pork and pour into a shallow, nonreactive dish. Cut the pork tenderloins across into 2inchthick pieces. Pound each piece until very thin and even. Place in the dish and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nTo make the sauce: Stir all ingredients except peanut crunch candy bar and pretzels until smooth. Place in a serving bowl. Combine peanut crunch candy bar and pretzels and place in a separate serving bowl.nRemove the pork from the marinade, pat dry and cut into 1 12inch thick strips. Thread onto the skewers. Light a grill or heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the skewers until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nServe immediately, with the sauce for dipping. Have guests first dip satay in sauce and then in crunch bar and pretzels., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon dried cilantro, 2 pork tenderloins about 1 12 pounds, 12 cup reducedfat creamy peanut butter, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 1 peanut crunch candy bar, finely crushed recommended: Planters Peanut bar, 2 ounces fat free pretzels, finely ground about 13 cup], title: Janettes Peanut Brittle Pork Satay with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31873: {instructions: Special equipment: stoneware slow cookernCooks Note: If you do not have a stoneware slow cooker that doubles as both a saute pan and Dutch oven, saute everything in a pan, then place into the slow cooker to cook.nSprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in the sleeve to the slow cooker on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and sear until brown on all sides. Add the onions, garlic, bay leaf, Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, Thai hot sauce and broth. Place the sleeve in the slow cooker and turn the slow cooker to its lowest setting. Cover and cook on low for 4 hours, until the meat begins to fall apart with the pull of a fork.nRemove the meat from the slow cooker and slice the beef into 14 inch slices or shred it, depending on your preference. Ladle off the fat from the top of the jus and discard. Reserve the jus from the pot. Slather both sides of the French bread with the cheese and top with some of the beef and the onions from the pot. Serve with a side bowl of the jus., ingredients: [1 beef chuck roast about 2 12pounds, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for searing, 2 medium onions, chopped, 8 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Few dashes Thai hot sauce, optional, 2 cups onion or beef broth, French bread, sliced lengthwise, for serving, Soft herbflavored cheese, for serving recommended: Boursin], title: Slow Cooked French Dip, picturelink: cm8qP.7apebntHlCmUTxm6QPeGq2UpC}, 31874: {instructions: Mix 12 cup duck sauce, 3 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon apricot preserves, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Duck Sauce, picturelink: zz2nXTdLaZ6ov1vA.syajWI1kmsxTk.}, 31875: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the cream cheese, lightly beaten egg, Parmesan, and salt. Stir to combine. Spoon mixture into a plastic ziptop bag. Set aside. To use as a pastry bag, cut corner off bag to make a 14inch diameter opening.nLay out thawed phyllo dough. Working quickly to keep dough from drying out: brush top sheet with melted butter, pipe cheese filling along long edge of phyllo 12inch from each end. Fold over ends to seal in filling and roll up straw. Repeat with remaining sheets of phyllo and place on a baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes.nServe warm with pesto for dipping., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 box phyllo dough, thawed, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, melted, Storebought pesto, for dipping], title: Creamy Phyllo Cheese Straws in Pesto, picturelink: null}, 31876: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir all ingredients except dippers in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until cheese melts and mixture is smooth. Transfer mixture to a fondue pot, chafing dish, or ceramic bowl. Serve with bread, jicama, tortilla chips, and tortillas., ingredients: [1 10 34ounce can Cheddar cheese soup, 1 8ounce package shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup chunky chipotle salsa, 1 cup whole milk], title: Fiesta Fondue, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 31877: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 regular size cupcake pans with cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed, combine the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add the eggs, halfandhalf, oil, and vanilla and beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Stir in the boiling water until fully combined.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until the cupcakes spring back when touched with your finger, 10 to 15. Let cool in the pans for a few minutes, and then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nDip the tops of the cupcakes in Chocolate Ganache. Pipe Marshmallow Frosting onto the cupcakes using a pastry bag and your favorite tip.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the whipping cream to a simmer. Take off the heat and add the chocolate. Let the mixture sit for 5 minutes. Whisk the mixture until smooth and creamy.nPlace egg whites, sugar and cream of tartar in a heatsafe bowl over a saucepan with boiling water. Whisk constantly over the heat for 1 to 3 minutes. Once the sugar has dissolved, remove from the heat and beat with an electric mixer on high until stiff peaks have formed, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the vanilla extract., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup boiling water, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Marshmallow Frosting, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped or chips, 8 egg whites, 2 cups granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Cupcakes with Ganache and Marshmallow Frosting, picturelink: rZxnVPtiLjEhKut191CHY5EsN0Mbyi}, 31878: {instructions: For the Charred Peppers: Preheat broiler. Rub pepper with olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Broil peppers until the skins are charred on all sides. Place in a paper bag and let steam for 5 minutes. Remove skin and seeds and cut into julienne.nFor the Onions: Heat butter and oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft and caramelized. Add garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the Potatoes: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Rub potatoes with olive oil. Place in a small baking dish and roast until just cooked through. Remove and slice into 14inch thick slices.nFor the Tortilla: Heat oil in a large saute pan. Add the peppers, onions and potatoes and cook for 1 minute. Add the eggs and season with salt and pepper to taste. When the eggs begin to cook around the edges, use a spatula to gently push eggs from edge of pan into the center. While the mixture is still loose, add chunks of the goat cheese and parsley. Continue to pull eggs to center of pan. When firm on bottom, invert onto a plate, add more oil to pan and place other side into pan. Cook for 1 minute. Flip onto a serving platenFor the Salad: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard and oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the remaining ingredients and toss to coat. Top with the pine nuts., ingredients: [2 red peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 Spanish onions, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 4 small new potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Charred peppers, Caramelized onions, Roasted potatoes, 12 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 pound goat cheese, crumbled, Finely chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 bunch curly parsley leaves, 2 scallions including green tops, thinly sliced, 6 cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 4 button mushrooms, cleaned and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: Spanish Egg Tortilla with Charred Peppers, Goat Cheese, Potatoes and Caramelized Onions with Parsley Salad in Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 31879: {instructions: To make the bean curd: Heat the groundnut oil in a large flatbottomed pan over a medium heat. Add the bean curd, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the light soy sauce and cook until the sauce has reduced and the bean curd is browned on one side. Using a small palette knife or fork, lift and turn each piece, careful not to break the bean curd. Cook just to color the second side.nAdd the dark soy sauce, and vinegar, and cook until the liquid has reduced by half. Season the dish with the dried chile flakes. Transfer the bean curd to a serving plate and set aside.nTo make the edamame: Reheat the pan and add the groundnut oil. Stirfry the chile for a few seconds, and then add the edamame beans. Add a sprinkle of water to help create steam, and cook for less than 1 minute. Season the edamame with the light soy sauce, and vinegar, then stir in the chopped cilantro.nTo serve, pour the edamame beans over the bean curd and serve immediately. For a fuller meal, serve with steamed rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons groundnut oil  peanut, 14 ounces firm fresh bean curd firm tofu, drained and cut into 12inch thick rectangles, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon black rice vinegar recommended: Chinkiang or balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried chile flakes, 1 tablespoon groundnut oil peanut, 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped, Water, as needed, 3 ounces fresh or frozen edamame beans, thawed, 1 teaspoon light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon black rice vinegar recommended: Chinkiang or balsamic vinegar, Handful fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, finely chopped, Serving suggestion: serve with steamed rice], title: Spicy Tofu and Edamame Beans, picturelink: null}, 31880: {instructions: Clean the goose feet with cold water and pat dry thoroughly. Soak the black mushrooms in hot water for 30 to 40 minutes or until soft. Cut off stems and set aside. Cut the head of lettuce in quarters. Remove core and separate leaves.nMix all the sauce ingredients together in a small bowl. Set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F.nDeep fry the goose feet until skin puffs.nRemove the goose feet from oil. Remove the vegetable oil from wok and reheat the wok on high heat. Add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, ginger, garlic, black mushrooms, and the goose feet. Sprinkle wine over and continue to stir for 30 seconds. Add the chicken broth and cook until broth is boiling. Turn heat to medium low and simmer for 1 hour.nWhile this is cooking, place the lettuce in boiling water to blanch for 30 seconds. Remove the lettuce and drain. Return heat to high on broth and stir in sauce mixture. Stir until sauce is thickened.nTo serve, place the lettuce on platter and top with the goose feet. Place the black mushrooms on top and pour the sauce over., ingredients: [12 goose feet, 3 ounces dry black mushrooms, very thick with cracked caps, 1 head lettuce, 3 cups vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Braised Goose Feet with Black Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 31881: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 9 x 13inch baking pan. In a small sauce pan melt the butter. Put the light brown sugar in a large bowl, add the butter, and stir to combine. Cool to room temperature. Beat in the eggs and vanilla. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Add the flour mixture into the wet ingredients, mixing just until a smooth batter is formed. If using the chips, stir them into the batter. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Bake until lightly browned and toothpick inserted in the center come out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool the blondies in the pan slightly before inverting them onto a cooling rack. Cool completely. Cut into 8 squares and serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [34 cup unsalted butter 112 sticks, plus more for the preparing the pan, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for preparing the pan, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, About 12 cup chocolate, butterscotch or white chocolate chips optional], title: Blondies, picturelink: Zy8fzIB0cZEQkAKhtn1nMQh.VUFpkJa}, 31882: {instructions: Bring 1 cup of water to a boil in a small saucepan, add the dried cranberries and let sit for 15 minutes. Drain off excess water.nCombine the kale, spinach, pear, Overcooked Wild Rice, walnuts and rehydrated cranberries in large bowl. Drizzle 14 cup of the Pomegranate Molasses Dressing over and gently toss until evenly coated. Transfer to a serving bowl and drizzle with more dressing when ready to serve.nCombine the rice, 6 cups water and 1 tablespoon salt in a large saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the grains open all the way, 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes. The rice should be very cooked not even the slightest chewy. Drain well, spread on a baking sheet in an even layer and set aside. Allow to cool to room temperature.nWhisk together the vinegar, pomegranate molasses, honey, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. The dressing will keep in the refrigerator, tightly covered, for up to 2 days., ingredients: [13 cup dried cranberries, 1 bunch dinosaur kale lacinato kale, ribs removed and leaves coarsely chopped, 4 ounces baby spinach, chopped, 1 ripe Asian pear, cored, halved and chopped, 1 12 cups Overcooked Wild Rice, recipe follows, 12 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped, Pomegranate Molasses Dressing, recipe follows, 1 12 cups wild rice, Kosher salt, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil], title: Heartland Chopped Salad, picturelink: d4QfX8a4RYQINDjfqvLDGEAs.UhD09e}, 31883: {instructions: In the food processor, combine the beans, sour cream, and salsa. Puree until smooth and transfer to a bowl and mix in lime juice to taste.nPut out remaining ingredients in bowls and let diners assemble their own tacos., ingredients: [2 cups black beans, drained and rinsed, 34 cup sour cream, 34 cup salsa, Lime juice to taste, Guacamole, Grated cheddar cheese, Shredded lettuce, 8 taco shells], title: Quick Tacos, picturelink: null}, 31884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cognac, sherry, Cane Simple Syrup, dark chocolate syrup, halfandhalf, caramel sauce and chocolate bitters if using in a cocktail shaker without ice and dry shake until everything is emulsified. Add large ice cubes and shake again vigorously. Double strain and serve in a martini glass or cocktail coupe. Garnish with dark cocoa powder.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 14 ounces cognac, such as Hennessy VSOP, 1 ounce oloroso sherry, such as Lustau, 12 ounce Cane Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce dark chocolate syrup, 12 ounce halfandhalf, 14 ounce caramel sauce the storebought type used for sundaes, 2 dashes chocolate mole bitters, optional if you have them, Dark cocoa powder, for garnish, 1 cup pure cane sugar], title: Chocolate Kiss Cocktail, picturelink: Yb0ZnzDRSSra4vevByAXeWJOQmJfMm}, 31885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the sugar and kosher salt. Pour 1 cup of the sugarsalt mixture on a flat surface such as wooden board or marble. Unfold each sheet of puff pastry onto the sugar and pour 12 cup of the sugar mixture on top, spreading it evenly on the puff pastry. This is not about sprinkling, its about an even covering of sugar. With a rolling pin, roll the dough until its 13 by 13inches square and the sugar is pressed into the puff pastry on top and bottom. Fold the sides of the square towards the center so they go halfway to the middle. Fold them again so the two folds meet exactly at the middle of the dough. Then fold 1 half over the other half as though closing a book. You will have 6 layers. Slice the dough into 38inch slices and place the slices, cut side up, on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Place the second sheet of pastry on the sugared board, sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup of sugar mixture, and continue as above. There will be quite a bit of sugar left over on the board. Slice and arrange on baking sheets lined with parchment.nBake the cookies for 6 minutes until caramelized and brown on the bottom, then turn with a spatula and bake another 3 to 5 minutes, until caramelized on the other side. Transfer to a baking rack to cool., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sheets puff pastry, defrosted recommended: Pepperidge Farm], title: Palmiers, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 31886: {instructions: Combine oil, rosemary, garlic and zest in a large shallow baking dish. Add the veal chops and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or up to 8 hours.nPreheat grill. Remove chops from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill chops, turning once until the centers are slightly pink, registers 150 internal temperature, about 15 to 17 minutes.nBrush mushrooms and onions with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill each for 10 to 15 minutes, turning occasionally until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and cut into 12inch pieces. Place in a bowl with the tomatoes, thyme. Drizzle in the vinegar and oil, mix well and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace the olive oil, vinegar, wine, garlic and water in a large saute pan and place on the side burner of the grill and bring to a simmer. Drain and discard water. Add the artichokes, cut side down in a single layer in the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and cover the pan. Cook until the barely tender, about 12 minutes.nRemove the artichokes from the pan, season with salt and pepper and grill for 4 to 5 minutes until lightly golden brown on both sides. Garnish with chopped parsley.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 3 cloves garlic finely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped lemon zest, 8 veal chops, each 34 pounds and 1inch thick, 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 1 yellow onions, cut crosswise into 12inch thick slices, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 2 yellow tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 34 cup water, 8 artichokes, quartered and choke removed, soaked in a large bowl acidulated water, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Rosemary and Garlic Veal Chops with Grilled Mushroom Relish and Grilled Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 31887: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed soup pot, add the onions, leeks, and celery, and saute until translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, saffron, and seasonings. Stir for about 2 minutes, then add the white wine and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, or until almost all the liquid has evaporated, before adding the fish stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes. At the end of 45 minutes, add the potatoes and begin to cook.nWhile the broth is simmering, make the Peppery Croutons by brushing one side of each French bread slice with olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in a 300 degree oven until crisp about 12 minutes.nAfter the potatoes have simmered for 10 minutes, add the lobster. Return to a boil and cook at a strong simmer for 5 minutes, before adding the fish chunks and the shrimp and cook until the fish is just cooked, but not yet flaking apart. Remove the bay leaves, taste for seasoning, and serve immediately, garnished with the Peppery Croutons., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 large onions, diced about 1 12 cups, 2 leeks, white and light green parts only, split, well washed and diced about 2 12 cups, 2 stalks celery, diced about 12 cup, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained, seeded, and diced, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 quarts fish stock, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced about 1 pound, 1 small lobster, raw and in the shell, cut into pieces, 1 pound assorted fish fillets such as snapper, halibut, tilefish, cod,skinned and boned, cut into chunks, 12 pound fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, French baguette, sliced 14inch thick about 3 to 4 slices per person, 14 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns], title: Fulton Fish Market Chowder, picturelink: null}, 31888: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly mist a 2quart baking dish with cooking spray. Toss the shallots with the oil and salt and pepper on a baking sheet, spread in a single layer, and bake until golden and crispy, stirring 3 to 4 times, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately sprinkle the breadcrumbs over the shallots and toss well. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, in a small pot combine the milk, thyme, bay leaves and peppercorns and bring to a simmer. Turn the heat off and let steep for 20 minutes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the beans and cook until bright green and crisp tender, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well and run briefly under cold water. Drain again and set aside.nStrain the milk into a large skillet, add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the mushrooms have softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir the broth and flour together and pour into the skillet cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the beans and nutmeg. Toss until the beans are well coated in the sauce and transfer to the baking dish. Scatter with the shallots and bake until the sauce is bubbly and the shallots are crisp, about 20 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 3 cups lowfat 1 percent milk, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 dried bay leaves, 1 12 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, 6 ounces white mushrooms, quartered, 2 cups, 1 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup flour, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg], title: Creamy Green Beans and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 31889: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the inside cavity with salt. Arrange the chicken, breast side up, in a roasting pan with a rack. Zest the lemon and set aside. Cut the zested lemon in half and put it inside the cavity of the bird along with the thyme, and extra olives. Truss the chicken by evenly looping your butchers twine under the wing and come around the legs. Pull the ends and tie at the top pulling the legs together and tucking in the wings. Season with salt and rub the 2 tablespoons canola oil on the outside of the chicken. Roast in the oven for 55 to 65 minutes, depending on your oven. The juices from the thickest part of the thigh should run clear meaning not pink from blood and register between 155 and 160 degrees F when tested with an instantread thermometer. Remove the chicken from the oven and allow it to rest.nMeanwhile, put the shallots and the green and black olives in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped, 30 to 45 seconds. Add the whiskey and with the machine running, pour in 14 cup of the olive oil in a slow stream. Note: add more oil, if needed, and pulse to blend. Taste for seasoning and set aside.nPut the chicken, breast side up, on a cutting board. Cut the butchers twine then cut down the length of the breastbone, on either side, and detach the light meat. Cut around each thigh and detach them as well. Arrange on a platter. Drizzle any run off juices onto the chicken. In a small bowl, whisk together the butter, lemon zest and a sprinkle of sea salt. Spread some of the soft butter on the light and dark meat, keeping the chicken, skin side up, on the serving platter. Top with some of the tapanade and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, about 3 12 to 4 pounds, gutted, Kosher salt, 1 lemon, 4 to 5 thyme sprigs, for stuffing chicken, 6 ounces or 34 cup pitted, green olives, plus more for stuffing chicken, 6 ounces or 34 cup pitted black olives, preferably oilcured, plus more for stuffing chicken, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 shallot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 to 2 teaspoons whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons if needed, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Sea salt], title: Whole Roasted Chicken with Homemade Tapenade, picturelink: F4XNpn6UJ4WXrOtDbufVAJZ.UKkZmLi}, 31890: {instructions: Place the potatoes in very salty water and bring to a boil. Cook until soft and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, start the stew. In a pot over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, carrots, corn and onions and saute until the vegetables begin to sweat, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, stock, tomato paste and garlic. Turn down the heat and simmer until the vegetables are cooked, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and fold in the lobster and cilantro. Remove from the heat, cover and set aside. Strain the potatoes and mash. Mix in the sour cream, roasted red pepper, dill, parsley and tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Chill in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes.nTo form the cakes, grab a ball of the cooled potato mixture and pat into a 1inch thick disc, about 3 inches in diameter. In a nonstick saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Fry the cakes until crispy and golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Heat up the stew and serve with a potato cake on the side., ingredients: [2 potatoes, peeled and diced, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 2 ears corn cut from the cob, 12 yellow onion, diced, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 cups vegetable stock, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 lobster claws, cooked and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 14 cup sour cream, 1 roasted red bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 14 cup olive oil], title: Lobster Stew with Roasted Red Pepper Potato Cakes, picturelink: gMJGmw86oEJB8rXJzV45bg8G0kNQxee}, 31891: {instructions: Using a pestle and mortar, combine the basil, cheeses, pine nuts, garlic, and salt and grind until a paste is formed. Add the olive oil slowly and mix with the mashed basil mixture until well combined.nPrepare pasta in boiling water and drain. Using a hot skillet, place pasta in skillet and add the pesto to the warm pasta. Stir the pesto into the pasta and serve., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan or Romano, 12 cup grated Pecorino, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup olive oil, 1 pound linguini pasta], title: Pesto with Linguini, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 31892: {instructions: Place milk in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Whisk in both chocolates and heat until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat.nWhisk together the yolks, sugar, and cornstarch in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the chocolatemilk mixture and then return the mixture to the saucepan over mediumhigh heat and whisk until thickened. Remove from the heat, stir in the vanilla, and transfer to a clean bowl. Place a piece of plastic wrap over the surface of the pastry cream and let cool to room temperature.nSpoon about 1 cup of the pastry cream into a 9 by 13inch glass dish. Layer the cookies, bananas, and pastry cream in the bowl, ending with the pastry cream. Cover tightly and refrigerate until chilled, at least 4 hours or overnight. Just before serving, spread the whipped cream over the top of the pudding and sprinkle with the chocolate shavings., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 3 ounces goodquality milk chocolate, finely chopped, 1ounce unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 6 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 ounces thin chocolate wafer cookies recommended: Nabisco, 4 large bananas, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 2 cups sweetened whipped cream, Milk chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Milk Chocolate Banana Pudding, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 31893: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, vinegar, olives, chile de arbol powder, garlic, mustard and honey in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and black pepper.nPlace the salmon in a small baking dish pour 12 cup of the olive vinaigrette on top and marinate 15 minutes. Preheat a grill to high or place a grill pan over high heat.nRemove the salmon from the marinade season with salt and black pepper. Grill 3 to 4 minutes per side, brushing with the remaining vinaigrette every 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup pitted nicoise olives, 14 teaspoon chile de arbol powder or cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce salmon fillets], title: Salmon with Olive Vinaigrette, picturelink: aEnnqPYx14kc.1oTzbRJhmbTM6GiHKu}, 31894: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Coarsely grind coriander, fennel, oregano and red pepper flakes in an electric coffee or spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Stir together the spices and salt. Cut potatoes lengthwise into 1inch wedges.nToss the wedges with oil and spices in a large roasting pan and roast in middle of the oven for 20 minutes. Turn the wedges over with a spatula and roast until tender and slightly golden 1520 minutes more., ingredients: [1 tsp. coriander seeds, 12tsp. fennel seeds, 12tsp. dried oregano, 12tsp. dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 tsp. kosher salt, 2 lb. medium sweet potatoes, 3 Tbs. vegetable oil], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 31895: {instructions: In a large bowl proof the yeast with the sugar in 13 cup lukewarm water for 10 minutes or until it is foamy. Stir in an additional 13 cup lukewarm water, the oil, 2 cups of the flour, and the salt and blend the mixture until it forms a dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of the remaining 14 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic.nAlternatively, the dough may be made in a food processor. Proof the yeast as described above and in a food processor combine it with the remaining ingredients. Process the mixture until it forms a ball, adding more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if it is too dry, or more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, if it is too wet, and knead the dough by processing it for 15 seconds.nPut the dough, prepared by either method, in an oiled bowl and turn it to coat it with the oil. Let the dough rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 1 hour, or until it is double in bulk, and punch it down.nSprinkle an oiled 14inch black steel pizza pan or black steel baking sheet with the cornmeal. roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 14inch round and fit it into the pan. Sprinkle with chocolate chips.nBake the pizza on the bottom shelf of a preheated 500 degree electric oven or on the floor of a preheated 500 degree gas oven for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [A 14ounce package 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 to 2 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 package chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Pizza, picturelink: null}, 31896: {instructions: Cut a 2 12inch hole from the center of one slice of the bread. Melt butter in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. When it foams, place the cut slice of bread and the round in skillet and toast lightly, about 1 minute.nCrack the egg into the hole and season with salt and pepper, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes.nFlip the egg bread, sprinkle half of the cheese on bread and top with ham. Spread mustard on second piece of bread and close sandwich. Cook until well browned and bottom part of cheese begins to melt, about 1 minute more. Flip whole sandwich and cook until all cheese is melted, about 2 to 3 minutes more. Serve., ingredients: [2 12inch slices sourdough or French bread, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 2 slices Canadian bacon, 13 cup shredded Swiss cheese, 1 teaspoon honey mustard], title: Egg in a Hole Grilled Cheese, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 31897: {instructions: Equipment: One 10 by 15 by 1inch pan buttered and lined with parchment or foilnSet a rack in the middle level of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the flour, spices and salt. Stir well to mix and sift the dry ingredients onto a piece of parchment or waxed paper.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter with the sugar on low speed until just mixed. Beat in the chocolate, then the eggs, one at a time, beating smooth between each addition. Beat in the dry ingredients, scraping bowl and beaters several times. Off the mixer, fold in the chopped nuts. Scrape the batter onto the prepared pan and smooth the top with an offset metal icing spatula or a rubber spatula.nBake the bars for about 30 minutes, until firm, but not dry. Cool in the pan on a rack. Trim 18inch from the edges and cut the cooled sheet into 2 inch squares, using a sharp, thinbladed knife.nStorage: Keep the bars between sheets of waxed paper in a tin or other container with a tightfitting cover., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, firmly packed, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 3 large eggs, 1 cup walnut pieces, about 4 ounces, coarsely chopped], title: Chocolate Spice Bars, picturelink: null}, 31898: {instructions: Special equipment: 20 6inch tart moldsnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the almond flour, coconut oil and honey on low speed until you reach a semiclumpy consistency, it should feel damp and moldable, similar to modeling clay.nSeparate and spread the mixture evenly into 20 6inch tart pans. Place the tart pans on sheet trays and bake until they rise a bit, look toasty and the excess coconut oil bakes off, 18 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a saucepan set over medium heat, bring the coconut milk to a simmer. Whisk in the ancho powder, cayenne pepper, pasilla powder and salt.nPlace the chocolate in a large bowl. Pour the simmering coconut milk over the chocolate and whisk until melted. Reserve for the tart shells.nFill each shell evenly with the chocolate coconut ganache. Allow the ganache to set at room temperature or in the refrigerator, 1 to 2 hours.nServe the tarts cold., ingredients: [2 16ounce bags almond flour, 1 12ounce jar coconut oil, melted, 12 fluid ounces honey, 4 14ounce cans coconut milk, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 1 tablespoon smoked sea salt, 48 ounces dark chocolate chips or chunks], title: Coconut Chocolate Tarts, picturelink: WVkl3gUPTaTKEzWdr0yTcFt.4gFwnkS}, 31899: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nSeason the pork chops lightly on both sides with the Seasoning Salt. Remember, we arent rubbing the chops.nGrill the chops for 5 to 7 minutes per side. Brush them with the Sweet and Tangy Glaze the last 5 minutes of grilling. Internal temperature should register 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove the chops from the grill to a serving platter and allow them to rest for 5 minutes before serving.nMix the salt, onion powder, black pepper, garlic powder, celery seed, cayenne, and smoked paprika in a small bowl. Reserve a small amount for another use.nYou can store the remaining Seasoning Salt in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a small bowl, mix together the apple cider vinegar, maple syrup, ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire, and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and refrigerate if not using immediately., ingredients: [Four 1 12inch thick center cut bone in pork chops, Neelys Seasoning Salt, recipe follows, Sweet and Tangy Glaze, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon celery seed, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup tablespoon real maple syrup, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Sweet and Tangy Pork Chops, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 31900: {instructions: For batter: Place flour in bowl. Gradually add eggs and milk, beating continuously. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside in a cool place for 4 hours.nFor filling: Melt butter in saucepan over moderate heat. Gradually add in flour and cook 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add chicken stock, whisking continuously until thoroughly blended. Bring to boil and cook 3 minutes. Reduce heat to gentle simmer.nIn frying pan, cook chicken in a little clarified butter over moderate heat. Rub tarragon between palms over chicken to coarsely grind. Season with salt and white pepper. After 4 minutes, turn breasts over, reduce heat and cook until done.nTo assemble: Meanwhile, preheat broiler. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in omelet pan. Pour butter into pancake batter and mix well. Pour a good amount of pancake batter into pan to make heavy pancakes. When one side is cooked, do not flip. Add 2 tablespoons grated cheese to uncooked side and place under broiler for a moment to brown. Repeat to make 1 more pancake.nLay 1 chicken breast on the cheese side of each pancake. Cover chicken with prosciutto and fold pancake over to form a semicircle.nTo hot sauce, add 2 tablespoons cheese and pour over pancakes. Sprinkle tops of pancakes with remaining cheese and broil for 2 minutes. To serve, sprinkle with chives and garnish with caviar., ingredients: [1 cup flour, sifted, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 14 cups milk, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 6 tablespoons flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 large chicken breasts, boned, Clarified butter, 6 tablespoons dried tarragon, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 6 tablespoons grated cheese, 4 slices prosciutto, 3 teaspoons caviar optional, 2 teaspoons chopped chives], title: Les Crepes dor, picturelink: null}, 31901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut off and discard the ends of each butternut squash. Peel the squash, cut them in half lengthwise, and remove the seeds. Cut the squash into 1 14 to 1 12inch cubes and place them on a baking sheet. Add the melted butter, brown sugar, salt, and pepper. With clean hands, toss all the ingredients together and spread in a single layer on the baking sheet. Roast for 45 to 55 minutes, until the squash is tender and the glaze begins to caramelize. While roasting, turn the squash a few times with a spatula, to be sure it browns evenly. Taste for seasonings and serve hot., ingredients: [2 medium butternut squash 4 to 5 pounds total, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Caramelized Butternut Squash, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 31902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd to a mortar and pestle, the parsley, tarragon, and walnuts. Add the bread crumbs and grind to a paste. Season with salt and pepper and slowly drizzle the olive oil in while stirring. Serve with good crusty bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 4 tablespoons roughly chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon bread crumbs, 13 cup olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tarragon and Walnut Pesto, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 31903: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill or broiler to mediumlow. Rub the peppers lightly with the canola oil and put on a sheet pan. Roast the peppers until blackened, then transfer them to a paper bag or thick plastic bag to steam. When cool enough to handle, peel and remove the seeds, then dice. Set aside.nAdd the potatoes to a large pot and cover with salted water. Cook the potatoes over mediumlow heat until fork tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. When tender, drain and return the potatoes to the pot. Add the sour cream, milk, butter, pepper jack, salt, pepper, and the diced peppers. Mash by hand with a potato masher and adjust seasoning, if needed. Hold warm until ready to serve. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with cilantro and cotija, if desired., ingredients: [2 pasilla peppers, 1 serrano pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup 2 percent milk, 14 cup butter, unsalted, 1 cup shredded pepper jack, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, 14 cup cotija cheese, for garnish, optional], title: Green Chile Mashers, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 31904: {instructions: Make the Garden Puree: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the peas, asparagus tips, and green beans and cook until bright green and crisp tender, about 3 minutes. If youre using frozen peas, you can throw them in during the last minute to thaw. Drain, transfer to a bowl of salted ice water to stop the cooking, and drain again. Save a few pieces of each vegetable to use as garnish. Puree the cooled greens in a food processor while pouring in the olive oil. Add the ricotta and scallions and process again. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper set aside.nFor the lamb chops: Brush the lamb chops with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over mediumhigh heat for about 8 minutes per side for medium rare. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.nFor the lobster: In a small saucepan over low heat melt the butter with the tomato, thyme, salt, and pepper. Cook for about 5 minutes to break down the tomato set aside. Coat the lobster tails with olive oil and season them with salt and pepper. Grill them shell side down for about 5 minutes. Turn them over and spoon on some of the tomato butter cook for another 5 minutes. Remove from the grill and keep warm.nTo serve: Spoon a generous mound of the Garden Puree onto a plate. Place a lamb chop on top of the Garden Puree and place a lobster tail next to that. Spoon some more tomato butter over the lobster. Garnish the lamb chop with the reserved vegetables and some mint leaves., ingredients: [12 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed, 1 pound English peas, shelled, or 1 cup frozen petite peas, 12 pound asparagus, tips only about 2 12 inches, 12 pound haricots verts or tender green beans, trimmed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 3 scallions, green parts only, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 1 12inch thick lamb chops, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 tomato, seeded and chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 lobster tails, halved, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Lamb Chops and Spicy Lobster with Garden Puree, picturelink: null}, 31905: {instructions: Toss the chopped romaine with 12 cup of the BBQ Ranch Dressing and evenly distribute among four serving bowls. Top each with some croutons, tomatoes, cheese, corn, hearts of palm, avocados and Pulled Pork. Serve with the remaining 12 cup dressing on the side.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, add the sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, pepper, salt and cayenne, and mix until combined.nRub the pork with the spice mix and place in a highsided baking dish. Pour the stock in bottom of the pan, then squeeze the orange juice over the pork and toss in the rinds. Cover with foil and bake until the pork starts to fall apart, 4 hours.nRemove the orange rinds from the pan and discard. Cool the pork to handle, and then shred and mix with the cooking liquid.nIn a large bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, BBQ sauce, parsley, chives, dill, lemon juice, mustard, pepper, cayenne and garlic. Season the dressing with salt., ingredients: [4 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 cup BBQ Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, 2 cups corn bread croutons, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered depending on size, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 cup sliced hearts of palm, 1 avocado, peeled and diced, 1 pound Pulled Pork, recipe follows, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, One 5pound boneless pork butt, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 navel orange, halved, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup BBQ sauce, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Salt], title: Pulled Pork Cobb Salad with BBQ Ranch Dressing, picturelink: null}, 31906: {instructions: Steam soybeans for 20 minutes until slightly soft. Chill. Serve lightly salted., ingredients: [1 pound soybeans in the pod, Salt], title: Edamame, picturelink: null}, 31907: {instructions: For Crostini Toastn1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.n2. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.n3. Arrange bread slices in a single layer on the baking sheet.n4. Using about 1 tablespoon of I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread, spread each slice of bread evenly.n5. Bake for 10 minutes, or until golden brown.nFor Garlic Shrimpn1. Wash shrimp with water and pat dry with a paper towel.n2. In a saute pan, melt the remaining I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread over mediumhigh heat.n3. Add shrimp, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, pepper and 1 teaspoon lime juice.n4. Saute shrimp on both sides for about 3 minutes or until shrimp has turned pink and remove from heat.nFor Mango Salsan1. In a small bowl, combine mango, peppers, cilantro, honey, and the remaining lime juice and salt. Gently stir until everything is well incorporated. Set aside.n2. Arrange toast on a serving plate.n3. Top each toast with the mango salsa and place 1 shrimp on top of each.nNutrition Information Per ServingnCalories 120, Calories From Fat 15, Saturated Fat 0g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 1.5g, Cholesterol 10mg, Sodium 280mg, Total Carbohydrates 21g, Sugars 2g, Dietary Fiber 1g, Protein 5g, Vitamin A 4, Vitamin C 10, Calcium 0, Iron 6, ingredients: [24 slices 14 inch thick French baguette, 14 cup I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread, 24 medium fresh shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, 1 mango, peeled and diced, 14 cup red bell peppers, diced, 14 cup green bell peppers, diced, 3 tablespoon cilantro, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon honey], title: Garlic Shrimp and Mango Salsa Crostini, picturelink: null}, 31908: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPrepare a 9inch spring form pan: Cut a circle of parchment the size of the removable bottom of the pan. Fit the parchment circle into the bottom of the pan. Tear off an 18inch length of aluminum foil. Center the pan over the sheet of foil and crumple and crimp the foil all around the sides of the pan. The foil will prevent water from seeping into the pan during baking. Set the pan aside.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the espresso, brown sugar and the cinnamon sticks to a simmer over very low heat. Simmer until the syrup is very fragrant, about 20 minutes. Stir in the butter until melted, and then stir in the cayenne pepper. Set aside.nPulse the chocolate in the food processor until coarsely chopped. Transfer to a deep bowl. Pour in the warm coffee syrup and whisk until the chocolate is completely melted. Whisk in the beaten eggs until completely blended.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan. Set the pan in a large, deep, ovenproof skillet or a roasting pan and set on the oven rack. Pour in enough water to come halfway up the sides of the pan. Bake until center is set and barely wiggles when you shake the pan gently, 50 to 60 minutes.nCool the cake to room temperature. Remove the foil and chill the cake in the pan at least 8 hours. Run a wet knife around the sides of the pan then pop the spring to release. Place a platter on top of the cake and flip over. Remove the bottom of the pan, and peel off the parchment. Serve with cinnamon ice cream and raspberries., ingredients: [1 cup espresso, 1 packed cup dark brown sugar, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 3 sticks 12 ounces unsalted butter, cubed, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 8 large eggs, beaten, Cinnamon ice cream and raspberries, for serving], title: ChocolateChile Cake, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 31909: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLayer the cauliflower, heavy cream, and the 3 cheeses in a medium casserole dish. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 30 minutes or until the cauliflower is soft and the sauce has thickened slightly. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 pound Monterey Jack cheese, coarsely grated, 2 cups grated Parmesan, 6 ounces goat cheese, cut into small pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: CauliflowerGoat Cheese Gratin, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 31910: {instructions: If using regular yogurt, place it in a strainer lined with paper towel and set the strainer over a bowl. Let the yogurt drain and thicken for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place sunflower seeds and 14 teaspoon salt on a rimmed baking sheet and shake to combine. Toast seeds until aromatic, about 10 minutes. Cool and reserve.nCombine yogurt, buttermilk, lemon juice, mayonnaise, mustard, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper. Whisk to incorporate and reserve.nPeel tough outer layer of broccoli stalks and trim off 14 inch from bottoms of stalks should be about 34 of a pound. tender broccoli stalks remaining. Shred stalks in food processor, then shred carrots. Combine shredded broccoli and carrots with dressing and toss to combine. Sprinkle with sunflower seeds and serve., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat Greek yogurt, or strained yogurt, 13 cup raw sunflower seeds, 34 teaspoon salt, divided, 14 cup lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 14 pounds broccoli stalks from about 2 12 pounds broccoli bunches, 1 large or 2 medium carrots], title: Creamy Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: 0pS9y1UFtNx3Mq1ftaco7ZK7hHOV7MS}, 31911: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Add additional water if needed for smoothness. This salsa is a delicate green and smooth, but it is not tame Adjust types and amounts of hot peppers, to taste., ingredients: [2 fresh poblano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 2 fresh jalapeno chiles, stemmed but chopped with seeds, 1 fresh serrano chile, stemmed but chopped with seeds, 2 large or 3 small ripe Hass avocados, peeled and pitted, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, both leaves and stems included, 3 green onions, chopped with green tops included, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup water], title: Smooth Poblano Salsa, picturelink: null}, 31912: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLiberally sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper.nHeat a large castiron or heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat with EVOO, 2 turns of the pan. Brown the chicken well on both sides and remove to a plate. Add half of the herbs, the garlic, celery, bay leaf, carrots and onions to the skillet, season with salt and pepper, and cook 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Next add the wine and the raisins and bring to a bubble. Add the chicken back to skillet and cook, turning occasionally, 30 minutes at a simmer. Serve from the skillet or cool and store for makeahead meal.nTo serve, top with the remaining herbs and pine nuts and serve with warm bread., ingredients: [4 pieces bonein, skin on dark meat chicken 2 thighs and 2 drummers, 1 bonein, skinon chicken breast, cut into quarters, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 cup loosely packed mixed fresh herbs parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 cups dry red wine, A handful of raisins, 14 cup toasted pine nuts or sliced almonds, Ciabatta bread, to serve], title: Drunken Chicken ...heavy on the sauce, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 31913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPeel potatoes and cut into 38inch thick slices lengthwise cut again into 38inch thick fries. Place the potatoes into a bowl with cold water this will help keep the fries crisp and white. Just before cooking, drain water and place on paper towel, pat dry completely. Put in a bowl add olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper. Toss well and lay out in 1 layer on nonstick baking sheets. Bake until light brown. Cook for approximately 30 to 40 minutes, turning frequently until golden brown.nRemove from oven. Add lemon zest, parsley, garlic, salt and pepper. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [6 Idaho potatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 Meyer lemons, zested, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic], title: Baked Meyer Lemon Fries, picturelink: Y6EgOlEMrK6BGs1gKhq2D8gBUivWj.a}, 31914: {instructions: For the chicken: In a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, garlic powder, mustard, paprika and pepper mix well. Add the chicken to the bowl, and toss gently to coat. Remove the chicken, shake off any excess flour, and set aside.nHeat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, and add 3 tablespoons of the olive oil. When hot, add the chicken and cook until golden brown on one side, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip, and continue cooking on reverse side, another 2 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and let sit.nFor the sauce and vegetables: To the Dutch oven still over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining tablespoon oil if needed. Then add the onion, garlic and salt cook until translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Evenly sprinkle the cumin, turmeric and cayenne over the onion mixture, and saute for an additional 1 minute. Pour in the wine, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan, and cook until the wine has reduced by half, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil, and then add the thyme, potatoes, lemon slices and lemon juice stir gently. Cover and cook until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 10 to 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to a simmer, and add the seared chicken thighs and the olives. Gently push the chicken into the sauce, so it is partially covered cook for another 10 to 12 minutes. Adjust the salt and pepper to taste, stir in the parsley and serve., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 34 cup white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 small Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 lemon, 4 thin slices plus the juice of the remaining lemon, 12 cup pitted green olives, Salt and pepper, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped], title: One Pot Chicken with Olives and Potatoes, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 31915: {instructions: In a casserole on medium heat, cook the bacon crisp then drain on paper towels. Leave bacon fat in casserole and add onions to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Season and add thyme, roasted garlic, and beans. Stir, then add stock and chopped bacon, and bring to a boil. Check for flavor. Place cover ajar and simmer for 45 minutes until beans are very soft. Using a hand blender, puree the soup until smooth. Check again for seasoning.nIn a large pasta bowl, ladle soup and place crouton in the center. Place a small mound of the salad on the crouton and garnish with basil chiffonade.nWine Recommendation: Grosset, Clare Valley Riesling, Polish Hill, Australia, 1998nIn a hot skillet coated with oil, saute the shrimp and season. Cook 3 to 4 minutes until done and set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together, juice, chiles, shallot, fish sauce, sugar, and oil. Toss with warm shrimp and basil. Check for flavor., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 2 large onions, roughly chopped, Salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh minced thyme, 4 heads roasted garlic, cloves squeezed out Oven roasted: tops cut off, drizzled with olive oil, seasoned, wrapped in foil, roasted at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes, until soft and colored, 2 cups white beans, soaked in water overnight, drained, 8 cups chicken stock, 4 large croutons, Thai Basil Shrimp Salad, recipe follows, 12 pound rock shrimp, Canola oil, to cook, 2 limes, juiced, 2 minced Thai bird chiles, 1 minced shallot, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 13 cup Thai basil chiffonade, save 1 tablespoon, for garnish, Salt and black pepper, Italian bread croutons, sliced 1inch thick], title: Roasted Garlic and White Bean Puree with Thai Basil Shrimp Salad, picturelink: null}, 31916: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, lemon juice, cayenne pepper, grated cheese, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add crabmeat to mayonnaise mixture and stir to combine. Spread crabmeat mixture on bread. Cover with a second piece of bread. Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add sandwich and brown for 2 minutes flip and continue to brown for 2 to 3 more minutes. Repeat with second sandwich. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup shredded Gruyere, Salt and pepper, 1 can crabmeat, drained, 4 slices sourdough bread, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Grilled Crab and Cheese Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 31917: {instructions: Special equipment: Meat grinder or mixer with meat grinder attachmentnPlace a large bowl, pusher and assembled meat grinder attachment fitted with a fine grinding plate in the freezer. In another large bowl, toss the pork shoulder, fatback, ancho chile powder, salt, garlic, chipotle powder, oregano, cumin, sugar and cayenne together until all the pork is completely coated with the spice mixture. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and place in the freezer to chill for up to 1 hour you want the meat very cold but not frozen solid.nMix together the vinegar and achiote paste in a small bowl with a fork until smooth and keep it in the refrigerator.nWhen ready to grind the meat, fill a large bowl with ice water and then nest the chilled bowl from the freezer into it. Working quickly, grind the pork into the chilled bowl with the machine at mediumhigh speed. Reserve any remaining spice mixture. After pork is ground, place it in the freezer until very cold, about 20 minutes at 45 degrees F, the fat begins to melt and can affect the texture of the sausage.nRemove the ground pork from the freezer and add the chilled achiote mixture and any remaining spice mixture. Using clean hands wear gloves to prevent staining or the paddle attachment of a stand mixer, knead or mix the pork until a sticky mass forms, about 2 minutes by hand or 1 minute in a stand mixer at medium speed. Wrap the chorizo tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 24 hours or up to 3 days before using flavors will develop as the chorizo rests.nIn a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, cook 1 pound about a third of the chorizo, breaking it into small pieces with the side of a wooden spoon. Stir occasionally until cooked through and browned, 5 to 7 minutes.nServe the cooked chorizo on warm corn tortillas with shredded cabbage, pickled red onion, crumbled queso fresco, cilantro leaves and lime wedges. The chorizo can also be formed into patties or frozen for up to 3 months., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless, skinless pork shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound skinless pork fatback, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, pressed or finely minced, 1 tablespoon pure chipotle powder not chipotle chili powder, 1 tablespoon Mexican oregano, crushed, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons achiote paste, Serving suggestions: corn tortillas, shredded cabbage, pickled red onion, crumbled queso fresco, cilantro leaves and lime wedges, Serving suggestions: corn tortillas, shredded cabbage, pickled red onion, crumbled queso fresco, cilantro leaves and lime wedges], title: Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 31918: {instructions: Heat oven to 500 degrees F and arrange 1 rack in top and a second rack in middle.nHeat oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When it shimmers, add onions, garlic, and jalapenos, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add poblanos and stir to coat. Add broth and cook until the liquid reduces enough to just coat the vegetables, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.nWhen pepper mixture is cool enough to handle, top 1 tortilla with 12 cup cheese and 16 of the pepper mixture, close with a second tortilla. Repeat to make 6 quesadillas.nArrange quesadillas on 2 baking sheets and place 1 sheet on top rack and another on middle rack. Bake until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Switch baking sheets and continue to cook until tortillas are goldenbrown and crisp, about 5 more minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 medium yellow onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 3 medium cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 medium jalapenos, halved lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced crosswise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium poblano peppers, quartered lengthwise, seeded, and sliced crosswise into 12inch strips, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 6inch flour tortillas, 3 cups shredded jack cheese], title: Quesadillas with Jack and Spicy Saute, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 31919: {instructions: Whisk together the eggs and yolks. Boil milk and sugar. In a small bowl stir together flour and cornstarch. Add 23 of the flour mixture to the egg mixture. Temper the eggs with 14 of the hot milk then return the milk to the heat. Add the rest of the flour mixture to the egg mixture and whisk well. Add another 14 of the hot milk and whisk well. Reboil the remaining milk and whisk into the eggflour mixture to thicken and selfcook. It will thicken on its own. Whisk in the butter chunks until melted. Press plastic wrap against the surface and refrigerate. The base will keep for 3 days.nHeavily butter 6 individual 4ounce ramekins or 1 large souffle dish and coat with sugar all around the inside. Whisk together the base with the lemon juice and rind. Whip the egg whites with the cream of tartar until soft peaks. Add the sugar and continue whisking until stiff and glossy, about 30 seconds. Whisk a small amount of the whites into the base to lighten it. Fold in the remaining whites. Spoon the mixture into ramekins, filling half way. Put 12 teaspoon of berry coulis and 2 raspberries onto the surface of the mixture, and then top with more souffle mix. Tap the ramekins down on the counter, level the tops with a spatula, and ring the rim with your thumb to create a moat. Chill, if necessary, up to 30 minutes. Bake in a preheated 425 degree F oven, in a water bath, until firm to the touch and risen, about 11 minutes for individual souffles. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes if making a large souffle., ingredients: [1 egg, 4 large yolks, 2 cups milk, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 34 cup flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons butter, cut up, Butter and sugar, for preparing the ramekins, at room temperature, 34 cup souffle base, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 lemon, zested, 4 egg whites, 2 pinches cream of tartar, Heaping 13 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons raspberry or blackberry coulis or jam, 12 fresh raspberries], title: Lemon and Raspberry Souffle, picturelink: null}, 31920: {instructions: Prepare lemon grass stalks by peeling off the outer husk and placing on a solid cutting board. Bruise the stalks with the back of a thick knife. Wrap each stalk in a piece of cheesecloth and tie with strings.nIn a stainless steel saucepan combine the water and sugar and bring to a boil, stirring once to make sure sugar has dissolved. Add one prepared lemon grass stalk and remove from heat. Allow lemon grass to steep in syrup until cooled.nIn a stainless steel saucepan combine heavy cream and the second prepared lemon grass stalk. Bring cream to a boil, remove pan from heat and allow to cool.nRemove lemon grass stalks from cream and sugar syrup.nPlace yogurt in a large stainless steel bowl. Whisk in the cool lemon grassinfused cream and lemon grass syrup. Keep mixture chilled until ready to serve.nJust before serving add lime juice to yogurt mixture. Adding lime juice too early will cause soup to curdle.nLadle soup into chilled bowls or flat soup plates. Place a scoop of lime granita or sherbet in the center of the bowl and garnish with lime zest. Additional accompaniments include gingersnap cookies andor thinly sliced tropical fruits such as papaya or kiwi., ingredients: [2 stalks lemon grass, 1 cup water, 23 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups plain yogurt preferably Stonyfield Farms, 34 cup lime juice, Lime granita, or sherbet, 1 lime, zested], title: Lime Yogurt Lemon Grass Soup, picturelink: null}, 31921: {instructions: Rinse beef shoulder to remove any residue, pat dry with paper towels and place on a utility platter. In a small bowl, make the rub for the beef by combining Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning and Garlic Pepper. Rub the seasonings into all surfaces of the beef, cover with a sheet of plastic wrap and set aside for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours at room temperature. The seasonings will actually begin to cure the meat.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn an oven proof skillet heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over high heat, add onion and garlic and cook until they begin to soften. Add beef and sear it on all sides. Cover pan with lid or foil and transfer to oven to finish beef, bringing to an internal temperature of 115 degrees F for medium rare about 30 minutes. Remove from oven, transfer to a utility platter, and let rest for 10 minutes. Make the sauce as directed below while the beef is resting.nWhile the beef is in the oven, make the onion rings. Combine flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In another smaller bowl, whisk together oil, milk, egg and black pepper. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and combine until all dry ingredients are moistened. Heat oil to 375 degrees F in a deepfryer. Add the onion rings to the bowl of fritter batter. Using tongs, transfer battercoated onion rings to the deepfryer basket, deepfry in hot oil until golden brown and drain. Keep in a warm place.nFor the sauce: To the pan in which the beef was roasting use an oven mitt on the hot handle, add 1 cup water and balsamic vinegar over medium high heat and whisk in instant flour. Allow to cook for about 5 minutes to cook out the flour. Strain into a bowl and whisk in gorgonzola cheese, allowing it to melt. Season with pepper, to taste, and salt only if needed as the cheese will lend saltiness.nSlice beef into steaks, and transfer to serving dish. Spoon cheese sauce over meat and top with onion rings., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pound beef shoulder, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Garlic Pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 Bermuda onion, sliced into 12inch thick slices, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 13 cups milk, 1 egg, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart canola oil approximately, as needed for deepfrying, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup instant flour recommended: Wondra, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, cut into small cubes, Pepper and salt, if needed], title: Steak Carrera with Gorgonzola Sauce, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 31922: {instructions: For the chicken mousse: Puree chicken in a food processor until smooth. Add salt and pepper and the egg. Pulse just to combine and scrape the sides. While food processor is running, add cream gradually through the feed tube. Chill and reserve.nWash and slice the mushrooms. In a hot saute pan, cook the mushrooms with butter. When mushrooms are brown, add shallots and herbs. Remove from the pan and chill.nFold together mushrooms and chicken.nLay out plastic wrap on a table. Down the center, spoon a 1inch pile of the mushroom mixture. Roll the plastic into a log. Tie the ends with a string and tie into links. Poach in simmering water for 10 minutes. Shock the links in ice water. This can be done up to 3 days ahead.nTo serve, remove the sausage from the plastic and grill or roast it until it is hot throughout about 10 minutes. Slice the sausage and serve it with a tossed salad., ingredients: [6 ounces chicken breast, boned and skinned, cold, 1 egg, 2 ounces heavy cream, cold, 3 ounces creminis, 3 ounces portobellos, 3 ounces shiitakes, 3 ounces button mushrooms, 12 ounce fines herbs parsley, tarragon, chives, chervil, 1 ounce shallots, chopped, Salt and pepper, Butter], title: Grilled Wild Mushroom Sausage, picturelink: null}, 31923: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash the goose thoroughly inside and out. Dry well with paper towels. Prick the skin with a fork or fine skewer this helps release the fat during cooking and generously rub all over with sea salt. Stuff the bird with the cut fruit. Tuck the wings under so they are not exposed. Add 12 inch water to the roasting pan and position the goose breast side down in a roasting rack. Place the pan in the oven for 45 minutes. Check the bird while its roasting to make sure the water doesnt evaporate or the goose fat will burn. After 45 minutes, take the goose out of the oven. Turn it breast side up and prick the skin again. Carefully remove the excess fat by tilting the pan and using a baster. Add another 12inch of water to the pan. Continue to roast for another 2 hours.nThe goose is cooked when its juices run clear when the thigh is pierced with a skewer. If they are at all bloody, roast for a further 15 minutes and check again. To be sure the goose is cooked, insert a thermometer in the thickest part of the thigh. It should read 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the oven and let it rest for 15 minutes.nPour out excess fat leaving about 2 tablespoons. Add the scallions, ginger, blackberries, sugar and soy sauce. Saute for 5 to 10 minutes until the blackberries begin to break up and the juices are released. Add Zinfandel and reduce by half then add the chicken stock and reduce by half again. Pass sauce through a sieve and discard the pulp. Serve with the goose., ingredients: [1 10pound goose, cleaned and trimmed with innards removed, Sea salt, 1 orange, quartered, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 apple, cored and quartered, 2 tablespoons goose fat, 12 cup scallions, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 2 cups blackberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 cups Zinfandel, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Roasted Goose with Blackberry Gingered Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31924: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, onion, eggs, Worcestershire sauce, dry mustard, salt and cayenne. Fold in the crabmeat and 14 cup of the cracker crumbs. Shape the mixture into 16 cakes about 1inch thick. Coat the crab cakes with the remaining cracker crumbs and transfer to a baking sheet lined with waxed paper. The crab cakes can be refrigerated overnight at this point, if needed. In a large skillet, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in 2 tablespoons of the oil. When the foam subsides, add half the crab cakes and cook over moderate heat until golden and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain the crab cakes on paper towels, then keep warm in a low oven. Repeat with the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and 2 tablespoons of oil and cook the remaining crab cakes. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup onion, minced, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over, 1 cup soda crackers, finely crushed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup vegetable oil, Lemon wedges], title: Mrs. Duvalls Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 31925: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and butter 8 12cup muffin cups.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter and cool. In a shallow baking pan toast pistachios in middle of oven, shaking pan occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes. Cool nuts and finely chop.nOn a work surface stack 3 phyllo sheets and cut out 4 6inch squares for a total of 12 singlesheet squares, discarding scraps. Repeat with other 3 phyllo sheets.nStack phyllo squares between 2 sheets of waxed paper and cover with a kitchen towel. Line each buttered muffin cup with 1 phyllo square, pressing into bottom dont worry if pastry rips. Fold in pastry overhang, brush inside and edges with some melted butter.nIn a small bowl, stir together 2 tablespoons nuts and 2 tablespoons brown sugar. Sprinkle bottom of each pastry shell with 12 teaspoon nutsugar mixture. Make 2 more layers of phyllo, butter, nuts, and sugar in same manner. Bake shells in middle of oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Carefully lift shells out of pan and transfer to a rack to cool slightly.nWhile shells are baking, cut peach into 12inchthick wedges and halve wedges crosswise. In a bowl toss peach and berries with honey, lemon juice, and vanilla and let stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, at least 15 minutes.nIn a small bowl stir together sour cream and remaining brown sugar, to taste. Just before serving, divide sourcream mixture among shells and with a slotted spoon fill shells with fruit. Drizzle fruit and serving plates with some of remaining fruit juices in bowl. Sprinkle remaining nuts over tartlets., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup tablespoons shelled pistachios, 6 phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, or to taste, 1 small peach, 2 cups assorted berries, 4 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla 14 cup sour cream], title: Fruit Tartlets in Pistachio Phyllo Shells, picturelink: null}, 31926: {instructions: Pour the oil into a large heavy pan suitable for deepfrying and heat oil to 350 degrees F. Pour the egg substitute into a shallow bowl and place the bread crumbs into another shallow bowl. Dip the sliced green tomatoes into the egg substitute and then into the bread crumbs to lightly coat. To test if the oil is hot enough, add a pinch of the bread crumbs to the oil if it bubbles to the top, then you are ready to fry. Carefully add tomatoes to the hot oil and cook on 1 side for 1 minute. Flip the tomatoes to cook on the reverse side for 1 minute. Remove tomatoes from the oil and drain on paper towels. Top with a remoulade sauce and serve with shrimp, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 1 cup egg substitute recommended: Egg Beaters, 1 cup fine plain bread crumbs, 1 green tomato, sliced 14inch thick, Remoulade sauce, accompaniment, optional, Shrimp, accompaniment, optional], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 31927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan. Add the bread and salt cook over low to medium heat, tossing frequently, for 10 minutes, or until nicely browned. Add more oil as needed.nFor the vinaigrette, whisk all the ingredients together.nIn a large bowl, mix the tomatoes, cucumber, red pepper, yellow pepper, red onion, basil, and capers. Add the bread cubes and toss with the vinaigrette. Season liberally with salt and pepper. Serve, or allow the salad to sit for about half an hour for the flavors to blend., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 small French bread or boule, cut into 1inch cubes 6 cups, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large, ripe tomatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, seeded, and sliced 12inch thick, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 12 red onion, cut in 12 and thinly sliced, 20 large basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 12 cup good olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Panzanella, picturelink: Bgkm5QPeIU2jdRPPQ44zCq40hOIsL.}, 31928: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. With an electric beater, mix all the ingredients for the frangipane cream just until blended. On a slightly floured cold surface, cut 2 circles the size of dinner plates out of the puff pastry. Put one of them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush one inch around the edge of the circle with egg wash beaten egg yolk. Spread half of the frangipane cream on the center and place the second circle on top matching the edges of the circles. Press all around the edges to glue them together. Press softly in the center to evenly spread the filling. If making 2 galettes use remaining cream and follow the same method for preparation.nDecorate the galette with a fork, press edges together all aroundno pricking. With the point of a knife, make any kind of design being careful not to go all the way through the puff pastry. Brush the surface with egg wash being careful no to get any on the sides.nBake the galette in the center of a preheated 450 degree oven for 15 minutes then 350 degrees for 30 minutes. For the last 5 minutes, sprinkle with powdered sugar and bake until golden brown. Serve warm with gold paper crown on top.nFor the tradition of Epiphany in the privacy of your kitchen cut the galette in as many parts as people in the party. In one of them, insert a little ceramic toy big enough to prevent swallowing. In the old days, they used a dried fava bean, so to this day it is still called la feve. Everyone picks 1 piece of galette the one who discovers the toy is made the king of the day and wears the crown. He picks a queen by putting the toy in her glass and everyone raises his or her glass and applauds. Same process in reverse if a lady finds the toy. Tradition says that the next party should be at the kings expense., ingredients: [1 or 2 packages 17.3ounce store bought puff pastry sheets, if frozen thaw in refrigerator, 1 cup soft butter, 1 cup ground blanched almonds, 4 tablespoons flour, 3 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 pinch salt, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Egg yolk mixed with 1 tablespoon water], title: Galette des RoisKing Cake, picturelink: null}, 31929: {instructions: Slice the cauliflower lengthwise, about 18inch thick. Save the little cauliflower crumbs. Thinly slice the parsnips.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When hot, but not smoking, add the cauliflower slices and parsnip slices, spreading out into a single layer, if possible. Do not stir, but let the vegetables cook, undisturbed, until nicely browned on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Add the salt, reserved cauliflower crumbs, garlic, and red pepper flakes, and give the vegetables a gentle stir. Continue cooking, only stirring once or twice, until the vegetables are cooked through and nicely browned, about 5 minutes more. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 head cauliflower, 2 small parsnips, or 1 large parsnip, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Cauliflower and Parsnip Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 31930: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and add all the remaining ingredients, except the strawberry. Shake well and pour into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with a strawberry and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 12ounce rum recommended: Bacardi Coco, 12ounce Frangelico, 2 ounces orange juice not from concentrate, Splash cranberry juice, Fresh strawberries, for garnish], title: Jeanie in a Bottle, picturelink: null}, 31931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a pencil, draw an 8by10inch rectangle on a piece of parchment paper. Turn the parchment paper over so the pencil mark doesnt get onto the chocolate and place it on a sheet pan.nPlace the pistachios in one layer on another sheet pan and bake for 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPlace three quarters of the white chocolate in a heatproof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds. Time it with your watch for accuracy. Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula, return it to the microwave for another 30 seconds, then stir again. Continue to heat and stir in 30second intervals until the chocolate is just melted. Immediately stir in the remaining chocolate and allow it to sit at room temperature, stirring often, until its completely smooth. If you need to heat it a little more, place it in the microwave for another 15 seconds.nPour the melted chocolate onto the parchment paper and spread it lightly to fill the drawn rectangle. Sprinkle the top evenly with the cooled pistachios, the cranberries, and apricots. Press the nuts and fruit lightly so they will set in the chocolate. Set aside for at least 2 hours until firm or refrigerate for 20 minutes. Cut or break the bark in 16 pieces and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup whole shelled salted pistachios, 16 ounces good white chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup mediumdiced dried apricots], title: White Chocolate Bark, picturelink: bP6wBcxJY6ji8b7zLBLQXSqaLtUdW}, 31932: {instructions: For the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, lemon juice, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, garlic and hot sauce in a pan and heat at a low simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the BBQ spice rub: Combine the brown sugar, paprika, kosher salt, cayenne pepper, celery salt, cumin, black pepper, garlic powder and mustard powder in a bowl and mix to thoroughly combine. Set aside 14 cup for the meatloaf reserve the rest for another use.nFor the meatloaf: Heat a smoker with hickory and apple wood chips to 250 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the breadcrumbs and some salt and pepper to combine. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the beef, pork and pork fat with the egg until sticky to the fingers. Measure out 12 cup of the BBQ sauce and reserve for glazing the meatloaf add the remaining BBQ sauce and the tomatoes to the meat mixture and work further with your hands until combined. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture into the meat as you work it with your hands.nPress the meatloaf mixture into 4 mini loaf pans and sprinkle the top of each meatloaf with the BBQ spice rub. Move the loaf pans to a 6inchdeep roasting pan fitted with a wire rack and lid. Cook in the smoker until the centers register 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 20 minutes. Glaze the top of each meatloaf with the reserved BBQ sauce. Let sit for a few minutes before slicing.nFor the creme fraiche mashed potatoes: Add the potatoes to a pot and add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and continue to cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and mash with the butter, creme fraiche and salt and pepper to taste.nFor the brown butter peas with shallots: In a saute pan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over low heat. Add the shallots and cook until caramelized and tender, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and add some salt. Blanch the peas for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain, then add them to the pan with the shallots.nIn a separate saucepan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter until browned. Add the sage, lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper and stir to combine. Add the peas and shallots and toss to combine.nFor the red onion rings: Heat the oil in a deep fryer or a large pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F.nCombine the flour, salt and some cayenne and paprika in a shallow bowl. Put the buttermilk in a separate shallow bowl. Dredge the onions first in the buttermilk, then in the flour mixture. Using a slotted spoon or any metal strainer, submerge the onions in the oil until they are a light golden brown color. Remove and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle on more salt if needed, and serve hot.nServe the meatloaf with the mashed potatoes, peas and red onion rings., ingredients: [1 14 cups ketchup, 13 cup lemon juice, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, Hot sauce, such as Sriracha, as needed, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground paprika, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon mustard powder, Heaping 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 4 ounces ground pork fat, 1 organic freerange egg, 12 cup San Marzano tomatoes, chopped, 2 russet potatoes, cut into large dice and chilled in cold water, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 14 cup creme fraiche, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 8 shallots, peeled, Kosher salt, 1 cup English peas, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more if needed, Cayenne pepper, as needed, Paprika, as needed, Buttermilk, for coating onions, 1 red onion, thinly sliced], title: BBQ Meatloaf with Creme Fraiche Potatoes, Brown Butter Peas with Shallots and Red Onion Rings, picturelink: u75i59pdk4eSrdTEllGruBgafW1VKuu}, 31933: {instructions: Bring 6 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot over high heat and add 4 tablespoons salt. Drop the pasta into the water. After 1 minute, when the pasta begins to soften, stir to prevent the pasta from sticking together and to submerge it completely in the water.nCook according to the package directions for al dente, stirring occasionally. When the pasta is ready, remove 2 cups of pasta water and set aside. Drain the pasta through a colander.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat, then add 2 tablespoons black pepper and cook until the peppercorns begin to warm and become fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in 12 cup of the pasta water and then the pasta and stir. Pull the pot off the heat and add the Pecorino and Parmigiano, stirring and tossing vigorously until they melt and the sauce becomes creamy. If the mixture becomes dry, clumpy or stuck together, add more pasta water, 14cup at a time, stirring and tossing until a creamy consistency is reached. The pasta will thicken as it stands. Add a little more pasta water at a time to loosen it back up again, if you like. You might not use all of the pasta water.nServe immediately sprinkled with more PecorinoRomano and black pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, linguine fini or other long pasta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup grated PecorinoRomano, plus more for sprinkling, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Spaghetti Cacio e Pepe, picturelink: null}, 31934: {instructions: To make the grilled cheese sandwich: In a small mixing bowl, combine butter, ParmigianoReggiano, and 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard. Spread a liberal amount of butter mixture on 2 slices of bread. Flip over slices and spread some Dijon mustard on other sides. Place Cheddar cheese on the Dijon side of both slices. Place bacon on top of cheese on 1 slice and sliced tomatoes on top of cheese on other slice. Combine both sides together and place in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook until golden brown and crusty. Flip sandwich and place a weighted cast iron pan on top. Cook until golden brown and cheese has melted. Remove from skillet and serve immediately with tomato soup.nTo make the soup: Puree the crushed tomatoes and set aside. In a heavy stainless steel pot, heat basil olive oil. Add shallots and cook until soft. Add garlic, thyme, chopped basil, bacon, and tomato paste and continue to cook, stirring with a wooden spoon. Add tomato puree, cream, chicken broth, and salt and sugar, to taste. Bring to a simmer. Pour soup into bowls and garnish with chiffonnade basil. Serve immediately with grilled cheese sandwich., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, plus 4 tablespoons, 8 slices Shephards bread, 8 ounces white Cheddar cheese, shredded, 1 heirloom tomato, sliced into 3 18inch slices, 8 strips thick sliced apple wood smoked bacon, fried, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin basil olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely diced shallots, 2 garlic cloves, finely diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped basil leaves, 3 strips thick sliced apple wood smoked bacon, fried and diced, 3 ounce tomato paste, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup chicken broth, Salt, Sugar, to taste, 1 tablespoon chiffonnade basil, for garnish], title: Heirloom Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Chunky Tomato Bacon Soup, picturelink: null}, 31935: {instructions: Heat the grill to high.nRemove the husks from the grilled corn and discard. Brush the ears of corn with 2 tablespoons of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the ears until the kernels are lightly golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove the kernels from the ears.nPlace the avocado in a medium bowl and mash slightly with a fork. Add the corn, serrano, onion, lime juice, remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, cilantro and salt and pepper and gently stir to combine. Serve with fried corn chips or warm flour tortillas.nHeat the grill to medium.nPull the outer husks down the ear to the base. Strip away the silk from each ear of corn by hand. Fold husks back into place and tie the ends together with kitchen string. Place the ears of corn in a large bowl of cold water with 1 tablespoon of salt for 10 minutes.nRemove corn from water and shake off excess. Place the corn on the grill, close the cover and grill for 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, or until kernels are tender when pierced with a paring knife. Remove the husks and eat on the cob or remove the kernels.nHow to remove corn kernels from cob: To remove kernels from cobs of either raw or cooked corn, stand cob upright on its stem end in a large pan, holding tip with fingers. Cut down the sides of cob with sharp paring knife, releasing kernels without cutting into cob. Run dull edge of knife down the cob to release any remaining corn and liquid., ingredients: [4 ears Perfectly Grilled Corn, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 small red onion finely diced, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Blue, yellow and white corn chips, as accompaniment, 8 ears corn, Kosher salt], title: Charred Corn Guacamole with Corn Chips, picturelink: 40EdopR8Ox6kSBWXz0l5rSeb8d0jmwm}, 31936: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease a half sheet tray and line with parchment or waxed paper. Sift all the dry ingredients 3 times to aerate. Cream the butter until smooth and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment add 1 12 cups of the sugar and mix. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing after each addition. Beat until fluffy and light.nWith the mixer running at low speed, add 13 of the dry ingredients and mix. Add 12 of the buttermilk and mix. Repeat with remaining dry ingredients and buttermilk and mix until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread it out into the corners.nBake until set in the center and springy, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack. Lay a piece of parchment or waxed paper on a work surface. Turn the cake out onto the work surface and peel off the paper that the cake baked in. Flip the cake over again so the shiny top side is facing up.nCut the cake in half crosswise so you have 2 rectangles of cake. Whip the cream with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar and vanilla until stiff. Spread an even layer over 1 piece of the cake, then flip the other piece over so that the shiny side faces down, and will touch the cream and place on top of the cream. Freeze for 1 hour.nCut into barshaped sandwiches, about 2 by 3 inches each. Wrap individually in parchment or waxed paper, as you would wrap a present, and serve frozen. The recipe can be made several weeks in advance and kept frozen, in a plastic container or individually wrapped, until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups cake flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocess, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened at room temperature, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups chilled heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Frozen Devils Food Whipped Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 31937: {instructions: Put the mushrooms in a small bowl and cover with boiling water and soak until rehydrated, about 20 minutes. Drain, squeeze dry, and cut mushrooms in quarters. Set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil in a wellseasoned wok or large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Swirl to coat the pan. Pour in the eggs, swirl the pan so the egg forms a large thin pancake. Lift the edge of the egg to allow any uncooked egg to run to the center. As soon as the egg has set, turn it out of the pan onto a cutting board. Cool, cut into 1 inch pieces.nWipe out the pan with a paper towel and heat the remaining peanut oil over high heat. Add the scallions and carrots and stirfry for 1 12 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic, chile, and ginger, stirfry for 1 minute more. Add the soy sauce, sesame oil and rice and stirfry for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the meat, peas, and reserved egg, cook, stirring until heated through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 dried shiitake mushrooms, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten with a pinch of kosher salt, 4 scallions white and green, thinly sliced, 14 cup minced carrot, 1 large clove garlic, minced, Pinch red chile flakes, 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 3 cups cooked longgrain rice, 1 cup cooked meat cut in 12inch cubes, such as pork, ham, beef, or chicken, 12 cup frozen peas, defrosted in a strainer at room temperature], title: Fried Rice, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 31938: {instructions: Slice the potatoes about 116inch thick on a mandoline, using the waffle blade and turning the potato 14 turn after each cut.nPut the slices immediately into cold water and keep there until you are ready to fry them. Drain and pat dry.nDeep fry at 375 degrees until browned and crisp. Drain on a towels and salt generously., ingredients: [2 large Idaho potatoes, Oil, for deep frying, Salt], title: Gaufrette Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 31939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the candied pecans, set a nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the butter and sugar and once it has melted toss in the pecans and continue to toss to coat and cook evenly, about 1 minute. Transfer to a sheet tray lined with waxed paper use 2 forks to separate pecans while you prepare the salad.nMake the dressing by combining the chopped shallot, Dijon and balsamic vinegar in a large mixing bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while you whisk to emulsify. Add the maple syrup and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nAssemble salad by tossing greens and pear slices in a large mixing bowl with maplebalsamic dressing. Top with shaved Parmesan and candied pecans., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 12 cup raw pecans, 1 small shallot, finely diced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons maple syrup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head endive, separated leaves, 2 hearts frisee, hand torn, 1 large radicchio, torn leaves, 1 red pear, sliced, 14 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Fall Salad, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 31940: {instructions: 1 box 18.3ounce fudge brownie mix, Betty Crockern1. Preheat oven to 350degreesF. Spray a 9x13inch baking pan lightly with cooking spray set aside. In a large mixing bowl, stir together all ingredients, except powdered sugar, until well combined. Spread batter evenly into prepared pan.n2. Bake in preheated oven for 24 to 26 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in brownies two inches from the edge of the pan comes out almost clean. Cool completely on a wire rack before cutting. Before serving, dust brownies with powdered sugar., ingredients: [Makes 12 servings, 23 cup vegetable oil, 2 eggs, 14 cup chocolate milk, Nestle, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons chopped canned jalapenos, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Powdered sugar, Domino], title: Sweet Chile Brownies, picturelink: null}, 31941: {instructions: Toast chilies over gas flame, turning frequently. Remove from heat. Bring water and vinegar to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Add chilies. Remove from heat. Let stand until softened, about 20 minutes. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic, oregano, coriander and cumin and stir until fragrant. Add tomatoes and cook until soft. Transfer to processor. Add chilies, soaking liquid and half of onion. Puree until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pour vegetable oil into large skillet and heat over medium heat. One at a time dip tortillas into sauce and shake off excess. Transfer tortillas, one at a time, to skillet and cook 10 seconds on each side. Drain on rack.nCombine cheeses in medium bowl. Reserve 12 cup cheese. Divide remaining cheese into 12 portions. Spoon onto lower half of each tortilla. Sprinkle remaining onion over. Roll up each tortilla to form tube.nArrange on baking sheet, seam side down. Bake until cheese melts, about 3 to 5 minutes. Heat remaining sauce. Spoon onto 4 plates. Top with 3 enchiladas. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and cilantro and serve., ingredients: [2 cups water, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, diced, 1 large red onion, diced, 1 cup vegetable oil, 12 large corn tortillas, 1 cup shredded Manchego cheese, 1 cup shredded Panela cheese, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese, Chopped fresh cilantro, 6 dried Ancho chilies], title: Enchiladas with Chilitomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 31942: {instructions: Cut the collards into 1 to 2inch pieces, wash them in warm to hot water at least 2 or 3 times, then leave them in warm water until needed. Place all the meat in a large pot, 23 filled with water, cover then boil 20 to 30 minutes.nDrain the water and refill the pot then cover and boil the meat again for about 1 hour.nDrain the collards add them to the cooked meat and stock, along with the onion, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the whole potful for another 30 to 45 minutes. Some people like greens cooked less, so theyre chewy. The longer you cook them, the more tender they get. Serve alone, over rice, grits or potatoes, or as a side dish., ingredients: [1 large bunch collards about a 13 of a bushel basket, if you pick your own, 2 pieces smoked pork neck bone, 2 to 3 pieces fresh pig tail, 12 fresh pigs foot, 1 ham hock, 1 large onion, diced, Salt and black pepper, Serving suggestions: rice, grits or potatoes], title: Mommas Homegrown Collards, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 31943: {instructions: Special equipment: six 3ounce frozen pop moldsnPut the evaporated milk, chai tea and vanilla bean in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Once the mixture starts to simmer, remove from the heat, cover and steep for 30 minutes.nPour the mixture through a finemesh strainer into a large bowl and whisk in the sweetened condensed milk and heavy cream. Pour the mixture into the pop molds and freeze until completely solid, at least 4 hours, preferably overnight.nTo unmold: run the molds briefly under warm water., ingredients: [4 black chai tea bags, opened, with contents reserved, 12 vanilla bean, split down the center and seeds scraped out, 10 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk about half a 14ounce can, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Chai Tea Latte Pops, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 31944: {instructions: Combine garlic, fennel and oil in a heavy saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer until fennel and garlic are very tender, 45 minutes to an hour. Remove from heat and allow the mixture to come to room temperature. Strain oil, pressing on solids, into a clean bottle and refrigerate.nRemove tender garlic and fennel from strainer. Mash mixture and season with salt and pepper. Use as spread for crostini or crackers, ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 bulb fennel, tops and bruised outer leaves removed, cored and chopped, 1 cup olive oil], title: Garlic and Fennel Infused Oil, picturelink: null}, 31945: {instructions: In a mediumsized pot, heat the veal stock and add the cheese. Whisk together until the cheese has melted. Reduce the heat to low and continue whisking for about 5 minutes. Bring the heat back up to high and boil to thicken. Turn the heat on low once it has thickened and add the creme fraiche. Bring mixture back to a boil and continue to whisk until sauce thickens. Strain the sauce using a colander, return sauce to pot, and add salt and pepper. Reduce sauce on low heat for another 5 minutes.nTo prepare the veal, heat a skillet on high heat with the olive oil. Add the salt, pepper, and thyme to the skillet and let warm for 1 minute. Add the veal and sear on both sides. Remove the veal from the pan and slice thinly.nTo serve, pour the sauce on a platter and place the sliced veal on top of the sauce., ingredients: [1 cup veal stock, 4 ounces Camembert, cubed, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 8 ounces olive oil, 4 teaspoons salt, 4 teaspoons pepper, 4 teaspoons thyme, 4 10ounce flattened veal steaks], title: Veal with Camembert Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31946: {instructions: Place the cornstarch in a medium saucepan. Whisk in 1 cup of the milk and keep stirring until the cornstarch is completely dissolved. Stir in the remaining 2 cups of milk and 12 cup of the sugar. Split the vanilla beans lengthwise and scrape the little seeds into the mixture. Over high heat, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring constantly. Stir for 1 or 2 minutes, until the mixture thickens heavily. Remove the vanilla beans and wash and dry them for another use. Pour the mixture into a shallow glass baking dish about 8inches square and smooth the top with a spatula until even. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours, until quite firm.nWith a knife dipped into hot water, cut the custard into approximately 114 inch squares. Dip the squares first into the beaten egg and then in the bread crumbs. Place the prepared squares onto a sheet of waxed or parchment paper.nIn a heavy 10 to 12 inch skillet, heat the butter and oil over medium heat. When the foam begins to subside, add half of the custard squares and brown for about 2 minutes on each side, turning them over carefully with a large metal spatula. Transfer to a warm serving platter and cook the remaining squares in the same way. Serve, sprinkled with the remaining tablespoon of sugar and the cinnamon., ingredients: [12 cup cornstarch, 3 cups milk, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 vanilla beans, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Leche Frita, picturelink: null}, 31947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine chickpeas, roasted red pepper, lemon juice, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper in a food processor. Turn the processor on and stream in 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Remove smooth spread to a serving bowl and surround with flat breads, grape tomatoes, and zucchini disks., ingredients: [2 15ounce cans chickpeas garbanzo beans drained, 1 small jar, 6 ounces, roasted red peppers, drained well and coarsely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 cloves garlic, cracked away from peel, 4 stems fresh rosemary, leaves stripped from stems, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it as you drizzle it into recipe, 1 package Everything flavor flat breads, 1 pint grape tomatoes, rinsed, 1 zucchini, sliced into 14 inch disks], title: Chickpea, Roasted Pepper and Rosemary Spread with Flat Breads, Grape Tomatoes and Zucchini Discs, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 31948: {instructions: Pierce potatoes in several places with fork. Place on baking sheet and bake at 425 degrees F until soft, about 1 hour, depending on size. When cool enough to handle, peel potatoes and place in large bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mash until smooth., ingredients: [3 lbs. sweet potatoes, 2 Tbs. STAR Balsamic Vinegar, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh thyme, 3 Tbs. STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Balsamic Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: Fcxb7jzr8XQwnA1qFM2KfWS6ooIB.}, 31949: {instructions: Heat the grill to high.nBrush both sides of each pizza with the oil. Grill until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill.nMix together the sugar, cinnamon and star anise in a small bowl. Brush the tops of each pizza with the butter and sprinkle with the sugar mixture. Place back on the grill, close the cover and cook an additional 1 minute. Cut into quarters and drizzle with the warm chocolate sauce.nIn a large bowl stir together 13 cup water, yeast, and sugar and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in remaining 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 34 cups flour, cornmeal, and salt and blend until the mixture forms a dough. Knead dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of remaining 14 cup flour, as necessary, to prevent dough from sticking, until smooth about 5 to 10 minutes. Form the dough into a ball.nLightly oil the sides and bottom of a large bowl with oil, add the dough, turn to coat in the oil, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Gently punch the dough down and divide into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece on a lightly floured surface into a 10inch circle that is 18inch thick. Brush off excess flour and transfer the dough to a baking sheet, cover each circle of dough with plastic wrap and continue stacking rolled out pieces on top of each other. Wrap well with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to grill., ingredients: [12 recipe Pizza Dough, rolled into 1 10inch rounds, recipe follows or 1 storebought pizza dough, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground star anise, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, Good quality chocolate sauce, heated recommended: Frans, 23 cup lukewarm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for oiling bowl, 1 34 to 2 cups allpurpose unbleached flour, 14 cup finely ground yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons coarse salt], title: Grilled Pizza Brushed with Butter, Cinnamon, Sugar and Star Anise, served with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 31950: {instructions: Roll slices of bread to flatten. Brush with melted butter. Press one slice of bread into each cavity of a muffin pan. Bake at 400 degrees for 5 minutes or until just golden., ingredients: [12 slices Pepperidge Farm bread, crusts removed, 12 stick melted butter], title: Baked Bread Cups, picturelink: null}, 31951: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients. Pour milk into the mix little by little until you have a dough, a little stiff, not dry. Lightly flour your hands and roll the dough into little balls. Bake for about 12 minutes. Serve immediately.nIt can be served plain, with butter or jam., ingredients: [About 11 ounces allpurpose flour, About 5 ounces sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder, About 3 ounces butter, Milk], title: Scones, picturelink: null}, 31952: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the acorn squashes widthwise and scoop out the seeds and any loose fibers. Discard the fibers and reserve the seeds for garnish, if desired. Set aside the bottom halves of the squash as these will be soup bowls. Cut the top halves of acorn squash into large chunks and place on a baking sheet along with the apples and onions. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over the veggies, tossing to coat. Sprinkle with the thyme and some salt and pepper, and then scatter the sage leaves on top. Roast until dark golden brown, about 40 minutes.nLet the squash cool slightly, and then peel off the skin. Blend the squash chunks with the apples and onions in a blender until smooth, adding broth until desired consistency is reached. Pour into a saucepan and keep warm over low heat until ready to serve. If using the squash seeds as a garnish, turn the oven temperature down to 325 degrees F. Place the squash seeds on a baking sheet, drizzle with the remaining olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake until crispy, about 25 minutes.nRemove and let cool for 10 minutes before using. To make the squash bowls, slice about 12 inch from the bottom of each squash half so they will stay upright and not wobble around, spilling hot soup all over your guests. Place the squash in shallow bowls and fill with hot soup. Garnish with a fresh sage leaf and a sprinkling of roasted seeds., ingredients: [6 acorn squash 5 to 6inch diameter, 2 green apples, peeled, cored and cut into wedges, 1 yellow onion, cut into wedges, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 sprigs fresh sage, leaves picked and torn, plus more for garnish, Vegetable broth, as needed], title: Acorn Squash Soup in a Squash Bowl, picturelink: null}, 31953: {instructions: To make the Pipeade:nHeat 4 tablespoons oil in a large, lidded saute pan set over medium heat. Add the chorizo, and cook, stirring, until the sausage is evenly browned, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the chorizo to a plate.nAdd the onion and red and green bell peppers to the pan cook, stirring frequently and adjusting heat as necessary, so that nothing takes on color, until vegetables soften and onion turns translucent, 10 to 12 minutes.nReturn chorizo to pan along with the tomatoes, garlic, and red pepper flakes season with salt and pepper. Lower the heat, cover, and simmer 10 minutes more.nTo make the Cod and Cockles:nWhile the piperade is cooking, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a wide, shallow, lidded saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the cod fillets with salt and pepper dust the skin sides with the flour.nWhen oil is hot, add cod, skinsides down. Cook fish 4 minutes turn. Add the cockles or clams, thyme, garlic, parsley leaves, and white wine, arranging the ingredients around the fillets. Cover, and lower heat to medium.nCook until cockles open, about 5 minutes. If the cockles or littlenecks havent opened after 5 minutes, remove the fish and continue cooking until they do. Uncover the pan, spoon out the fish and clams, and discard the thyme and garlic. Drizzle 1 tablespoonnolive oil over cod. Drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil into pan and mix with pan juices.nPlace the piperade in serving dish. Top with the cod, and surround with the cockles. Spoon the juices around plate top with chopped parsley, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound chorizo, cut in 12 lengthwise and then into 14inchthick slices, 1 medium onion, cut in 12 lengthwise and then into 14inchthick slices, 1 red bell pepper, cut in 12 lengthwise and then into 14inchthick slices, 1 green bell pepper, cut in 12 lengthwise and then into 14inchthick slices, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled, each cut into 4 wedges and seeded, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely diced, Pinch redpepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 6 cod fillets 8 ounces each, skin on, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 36 cockles or 18 Littleneck clams, scrubbed and rinsed, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley, leaves only, plus more for garnish, 14 cup dry white wine], title: Cod, Cockles and Chorizo Basquaise, picturelink: null}, 31954: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Press the wonton wrappers into 24 1 12inch mini muffinpan cups.nCook the beef in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until its well browned, stirring often to break up the meat. Pour off any fat. Stir in the taco seasoning mix and picante sauce.nSpoon the beef mixture into the wonton cups. Top with the salsa and cheese.nBake for 5 minutes or until the wontons are golden brown and the cheese is melted.nGarnish with sour cream and olives, if desired. Serve immediately with additional salsa., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground beef, 1 package 1.25 ounces taco seasoning mix, 2 tablespoons Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 12 cup Paceu00ae Chunky Salsa, 4 ounces shredded Mexican cheese blend about 1 cup, Sour cream optional, Sliced pitted ripe olive optional, 24 wonton wrappers], title: Mini Tacos, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 31955: {instructions: Combine the meat and the red wine. Cover and refrigerate overnight. The next morning, remove the meat from the red wine and pat dry. Reserve wine. Toss meat in the flour, shaking off any excess. In a large casserole over high heat, add the bacon and render. Add the butter to the bacon fat and melt. Add the beef and brown on all sides. Remove the meat as it browns to a plate. Add the carrots, onions, and garlic and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the beef back to the pot with the reserved wine, veal stock, bay leaves, thyme, and parsley. Cover and cook for 2 hours over a low heat, until the meat is very tender. Add the mushrooms and cook for another 15 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve with boiled potatoes., ingredients: [3 pounds lean beef, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 pint red wine, 1ounce flour, 1 piece smoked lean bacon, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 carrots, peeled and sliced, 4 onions, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 pint veal stock, 2 bay leaves, 3 sprigs thyme, 3 sprigs parsley, 1 pound mushrooms, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Boiled potatoes, for serving], title: Boeuf Bourguignon, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 31956: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce, heat the olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan. Add the onions, fennel, bell peppers, and garlic and cook over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft. Put the tomatoes with their juices in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse several times, until very large diced. Add the tomatoes to the sauce, then the chicken stock, white wine, anchovies, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Simmer over low heat for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened. Add the chopped basil, capers, and butter and cook for 1 minute.nMeanwhile, prepare a grill with hot coals. Brush the swordfish with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill over high heat for 5 minutes on each side until the center is no longer raw. Donu00bft overcook Place a puddle of sauce on a serving plate, arrange the swordfish on top, and garnish with extra basil. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for grilling, 1 cup chopped yellow onion 1 onion, 1 cup chopped fennel 1 bulb, 1 red bell pepper, julienned 12inch thick, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned 12inch thick, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 28 ounces canned plum tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 2 tablespoons good dry white wine, 2 anchovies, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 1inchthick swordfish fillets about 2 12 pounds, Fresh basil leaves, julienned, for garnish], title: Swordfish Provencal, picturelink: hSLImr5.xTiSWkquk1S14k.5Dh4hG0O}, 31957: {instructions: Trim 3 bunches asparagus peel the bottoms. Boil until tender, 4 to 5 minutes drain and cool. Peel the cloves from 4 heads garlic and cook in 12 cup olive oil over low heat until soft, 30 minutes. Drain, reserving the oil. Puree the garlic with 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard and 14 cup water. Blend in 14 cup of the garlic oil. Season with salt, pepper and chopped chives serve with the asparagus.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Asparagus With Garlic Dip, picturelink: 1cFQVPt.3vlv2EAlexIfUPInzTqL2K}, 31958: {instructions: In a saute pan coated with oil, caramelize garlic and ginger. Add remaining oil and heat. In a stainless steel bowl: mix scallions, vinegar, sugar and pork. Add hot oil and thoroughly mix. Add frisee salad and toss. Plate and garnish with apple croutons.nAPPLE CROUTONS: In a small bowl, mash the apples and butter together. Spread on croutons and garnish with chives., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 14 cup sliced scallions, 13 cup Chinese vinegar, 12 tablespoon sugar, 12 slices of pork, Salt and black pepper to taste, 12 thin slices of leftover baguette, dried in the oven, 12 cup five spice apples, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Garlic Pork Frisee Salad with Apple Croutons, picturelink: null}, 31959: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter baking dish and lay out a single layer of potatoes. Top with a layer of onions. Sprinkle with some parsley, salt and pepper and paprika. Dot with dabs of butter. Continue layering remaining ingredients. Cover dish with foil and bake for 40 minutes or until potatoes are tender., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 14 inch rounds, 1 onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 6 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, Paprika], title: Baked Seasoned Potatoes and Onions, picturelink: null}, 31960: {instructions: 1. In food processor bowl combine olives, capers and garlic. Cover and process until chopped. Add beans, almonds, lemon juice and parsley. Process until combined. With food processor running, slowly add oil through feed tube, processing until combined. Transfer to small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until serving.n2.Top each Keebleru00ae Townhouseu00ae Original cracker with about 1 tablespoon of olive mixture. Garnish with parsley leaves, if desired.nYield: 2 14 cups 18 servings 1 serving  2 crackers plus 2 tablespoons tapenadenFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [2 cups pitted green olives about 10 oz., 1 tablespoon capers, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup canned garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup olive oil, 36 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Original crackers, 36 small fresh parsley leaves optional], title: Green Olive Tapenade, picturelink: 4aVF35BYQjhuxEHhLn4vccfyc2VMoUq}, 31961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients and toss to mix well. Transfer to an oiled baking pan and bake, covered with foil, for 30 minutes. Uncover, stir, and bake for an additional 30 to 45 minutes, or until tender. Place under a preheated broiler about 3 inches from the heat until golden brown., ingredients: [4 large Idaho or russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 large carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 large yellow onion, peeled and cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Baked Potatoes with Carrots, Sweet Potatoes, and Onions, picturelink: null}, 31962: {instructions: Chill 2 martini glasses. Fill a martini shaker with ice and add vodka, sake, lychee syrup, and grenadine. Shake to combine. Strain into the chilled glasses and garnish with a lychee nut dropped in each glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 2 shots vanillaflavored vodka, 2 shots sake, 2 tablespoons lychee syrup, Splash grenadine, 2 lychee nuts, for garnish], title: Lychee Saketini Blush, picturelink: null}, 31963: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. line two baking pans with parchment paper.nCombine Truviau00ae natural sweetener and cinnamon in a small bowl. on a lightly floured surface, roll out the pastry dough into a large rectangle, about 15 by 12 inches. use a pastry brush to spread the butter all over the pastry.nSprinkle the cinnamon mixture evenly over the pastry. roll the pastry inward from the outsides of the two long ends of the rectangle like a scroll until they meet in the middle. Brush the pastry with the water where it meets to hold together.nSlice the pastry crosswise into 14inch palmiers and lay them on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until they puff and turn evenly golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tbsp. Truviau00ae natural sweetener or 7 packets, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 1 sheet of puff pastry 12 pound, 2 tbsp. melted butter], title: Truviau00ae natural sweetener Cinnamon Palmiers, picturelink: null}, 31964: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Butter and flour bundt pan. Mix lemon zest with sugar in small bowl. In a large bowl, beat together the butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla and eggs one at a time. Beat in lemon juice, baking powder and soda and salt. Mix in the flour until well combined. Stir in poppyseeds. Pour the batter into prepared bundt pan. Bake at 325 degrees for 45 minutes or until a knife comes out clean. Cool cake for fifteen minutes and then flip out of pan. To make icing, combine confectioners sugar and lemon juice In small bowl and stir until smooth. When cake has cooled, drizzle icing over cake and serve., ingredients: [Zest of 2 lemons, 1 12 sugar, 2 12 sticks butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 5 eggs, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoons baking soda, Pinch of salt, 2 34 cups flour, 14 cup poppyseeds, 14 cup and 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Lemon Poppyseeds Coffeecake, picturelink: FUereFGVW3WgyIODGCHNJ5JEnqKeSHO}, 31965: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together the soy sauce, the gingerroot, the honey, the sherry, the vinegar, and the garlic paste. Marinate chicken in the soy mixture, turning them once, for 20 minutes. Transfer the chicken, reserving the marinade in a small saucepan, skin sides down, to the oiled rack of a broiler and broil it under a preheated broiler about 6 inches from the heat for 5 minutes. While the chicken is cooking boil the reserved marinade until it is reduced by half. Brush the chicken for 6 to 8 minutes more, or until it is just cooked through, transfer it to a cutting board, and cut it on the diagonal into 12  inch thick slices., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon mediumdry Sherry, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 1 boneless whole chicken breast about 1 pound with the skin on, halved], title: TeriyakiStyle Chicken, picturelink: null}, 31966: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 31967: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare recipe for single crust pie. Roll out and place in 9inch pie plate. Press to fit without stretching dough. Trim even with pie plate. Flute edges.nBEAT eggs slightly with fork in medium bowl. Add sugar, stirring until dissolved. Stir in topping and butter until blended. Stir in pecan halves. Pour into crust.nBAKE 45 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely., ingredients: [Single Crust Classic Crisco Pie Crust, 3 large eggs, 23 cup sugar, 1 12.25 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Caramel Flavored Topping, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 12 cups pecan halves], title: Caramel Pecan Pie, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 31968: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the garlic, onions, 1 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in the wine, pepper flakes and thyme, and boil until reduced by half, about 1 12 minutes. Stir in the pureed tomatoes and broth and bring to a simmer. Add the mussels and cover the pot. Cook until the mussels have opened wide, about 6 minutes. Discard any that didnt open. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer to serving bowls and sprinkle with the parsley. Serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, chopped, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 1 cup red wine, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 1 sprig fresh thyme, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes in juice, pureed in a blender, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 12 pounds mussels, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Mussel Cioppino, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 31969: {instructions: In medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock and milk to a boil. Whisk in the polenta, stirring until the polenta just pulls from the side of the pot. Stir in the Manchego cheese and serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup milk, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 1 cup shredded Manchego cheese], title: Quick Cooking Cheesy Polenta, picturelink: null}, 31970: {instructions: In a large saucepan, place all the ingredients except extracts, and gently stir them to combine. Place a candy thermometer on the side of the pan and bring to a boil, stirring only to prevent burning. Cook to hardball stage 265 to 270 degrees, remove from the heat, stir in the extracts, and pour onto a silpatlined sheet pan or buttered sheet pan. Let it cool enough to handle then start rolling it into a log and stretching or pulling the taffy to work air in and make it white and opaque. Keep pulling and twisting until it hardens. Form long ropes of taffy, then cut them into pieces.nSome tips when making taffy: Oil the top 1inch of the saucepans wall to keep the sugar from boiling over. Always use a pan bigger than you think you need to prevent boiling over. Always use a burner as big or bigger than your pans bottom. Never scrape the bottom of the pan at the end, just pour out the syrup. Wash down the sides of the pan with a clean wet pastry brush to avoid crystallization., ingredients: [1 14 cups corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 12 teaspoon vanilla andor mint extract], title: Taffy, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 31971: {instructions: Dredge each catfish fillet in egg substitute, then immediately in cream meal, turning to coat evenly. Heat oil in a large heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Place 3 to 4 fish fillets in oil, and fry for 2 minutes, until crust is golden and fish is opaque when checked with a knife. Repeat with remaining fillets. Using a slotted spoon, remove the fillets to a papertowellined plate to drain. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately with lemon and hot pepper sauce., ingredients: [8 small catfish fillets, 2 cups egg substitute, 3 cups cream meal, or finely ground cornmeal, Corncanolaoil blend, for deepfrying, Salt and pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving, Hot pepper sauce, for serving], title: Anthonys Fried Catfish, picturelink: null}, 31972: {instructions: Steamed Hot DognCook in a steamer basket set in a pot with a few inches of simmering water, covered, 5 to 7 minutes add buns during the last minute.nBreadandButter RelishnCombine 1 cup diced breadandbutter pickles, 1 tablespoon diced pickled cherry peppers and 1 teaspoon sugar in a small bowl.nYellow MustardnWhite OnionnCelerySalt FriesnBake 2 cups frozen french fries as the label directs. Toss with 12 teaspoon celery salt, and salt to taste.nSport Peppers or other pickled hot peppersnPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: ChicagoStyle Hot Dog, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 31973: {instructions: Special equipment: crock potnPreheat broiler.nChop hot dogs into small pieces. Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add chili and hot dog pieces, and cook them until thoroughly heated, about 3 minutes. Set aside.nArrange chips on an ovensafe platter or in a large casserole dish. Top the chips first with the chilidog mixture and then with onion.nTop evenly with cheese strips.nPlace under the broiler until the cheese begins to melt and bubble, about 2 minutes. Top or serve with sour cream. Garnish with scallions. EatnCombine all of the ingredients except the turkey and salt in a large bowl. Add 2 teaspoons of adobo sauce from the canned chipotle peppers. Mix to combine and coat all of the beans and veggies with sauce. Put the turkey in the bottom of the crock pot and break it up into small chunks. Pour the chili mixture on top and mix. Cover and cook on high for 3 to 4 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours. Stir to distribute the turkey. Add salt, to taste. Mmmmm, ingredients: [3 hot dogs with about 40 calories and 1g fat or less each, 2 cups EZ as 123 Alarm Turkey Chili recipe follows or lowfat turkey or veggie chili, 1 7ounce bag baked tortilla chips, 12 cup chopped white onion, 3 slices fatfree American cheese, cut into thin strips, 12 cup fatfree sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, for garnish, 1 29ounce can tomato sauce, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 1 15ounce can chili beans pinto beans in chili sauce, not drained, 1 15ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup frozen sliced or chopped carrots, 1 cup frozen sweet corn kernels, 2 bell peppers different colors, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 to 3 canned chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, chopped, sauce reserved, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound raw lean ground turkey, Salt], title: Chili Cheese Dog Nachos, picturelink: XFavEw8bRqHPK34SBYXezsey75f2ouq}, 31974: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine all ingredients, except the puff pastry.nCut puff pastry into 8 equal triangles. Arrange triangles in a circle with the pointed end facing out.nSpoon chicken mixture in a ring on top of the puff pastry triangles, leaving the points exposed. Fold the pointed ends over the chicken mixture, pressing the points down to seal. Brush with egg wash.nBake for 25 minutes until golden brown.nCombine all ingredients thoroughly., ingredients: [2 cups diced cooked chicken, 14 cup chopped green onions, 1 cup chopped cooked broccoli, 14 cup chopped yellow pepper, 14 cup chopped red pepper, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 cups Mexican blend shredded packaged cheese, 1 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons Emerils Southwest Spice, recipe follows, 1 sheet frozen packaged puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon dried oregano], title: Noahs Kickin Chicken Bake, picturelink: null}, 31975: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Blanch collards until bright green, about 1 minute. Transfer immediately to an ice bath to shock, saving the boiling water for cooking the pasta. Remove the collards from the ice water and pat dry with paper towels before transferring them to a food processor.nAdd the linguine to the pot of salted boiling water and cook according to package instructions.nMeanwhile, in a dry skillet, over low heat, toast the pecans until fragrant. Transfer to the food processor with Parmesan, olives and garlic. With food processor running, slowly drizzle in olive oil until pesto comes together. Taste for seasoning, and add salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nTo serve, put enough pesto to coat the pasta into a large serving bowl. Drain the pasta and quickly add it to the bowl. The water still clinging to the pasta will loosen up the pesto. Toss to coat. Add more pesto, if needed. Transfer the pasta to a serving bowl and garnish with Parmesan sprinkled over the top., ingredients: [1 pound bunch collards, ribs discarded, leaves roughly chopped, 1 13ounce box wholewheat linguine, 14 cup pecans, 1 14 cups grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 cloves garlic, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Collard Green Pesto Linguine, picturelink: null}, 31976: {instructions: Score the ribs by slicing them at 14inch intervals 1 way and then the other across the fatty tops, as if you were setting up a crossword puzzle.nRemove the seeds and stems from the chiles, soak them in hot water for 20 minutes, drain and place them in a blender jar. Add the oregano, garlic, cumin, vinegar, oil and salt. Blend the mixture for 1 minute. if the mixture is too thick to blend properly, add a little water and continue. Pour the chile sauce over the ribs and marinate, refrigerated for 2 hours.nCook the ribs at 2 to 2 12 feet from mesquite coals for 1 to 2 hours or until they are tender. If your barbecue will not accommodate this distance cook the ribs over very low direct heat, or in a Texas style smoker., ingredients: [4 pounds beef short ribs, 4 ancho chiles, 4 chiles de arbol optional, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 4 cloves garlic, 12 tablespoon powdered cumin seed, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup cooking oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Costillas de Res Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 31977: {instructions: For the cured cobia: Mix together the salt, sugar, and zests and juice of the lemons, limes and oranges. Completely submerge the cobia in the cure and chill in the refrigerator for at least 45 minutes.nFor the pine nut relish: Dry toast the nuts in a medium saute pan over medium heat for 4 to 6 minutes, just to release some of the flavor. Do not burn.nMix together the toasted pine nuts, raisins, capers and just enough olive oil to coat.nFor assembly: Remove the cobia from the cure, cut out the bloodline if applicable and discard. Cut the fish into thin slices and arrange layered on a serving dish. Drizzle with some olive oil and lemon juice. Arrange the relish on top. Garnish with bottarga, if using, or sprinkle with some salt and pepper., ingredients: [Cured Cobia:, 1 large fillet fresh cobia, skin removed, 2 cups salt, 1 cup sugar, Zest and juice of 3 lemons, plus more juice for drizzling, Zest and juice of 3 limes, Zest and juice of 3 oranges, Toasted Pine Nut Relish:, 12 cup pine nuts, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup capers, Extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Grated bottarga dried silver mullet roe, for garnish, optional, Salt and freshly ground pepper, optional], title: Cured Cobia with Toasted Pine Nut Relish, picturelink: GfCwhBs7jK8NJ3kImSFYrfKCAn7L4a}, 31978: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, grease the sliced surface of the squash and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange on a baking sheet and roast until very tender, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nIn a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining olive oil, onion, celery, and carrot, then season with a pinch of salt. Saute until just tender, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Scoop the butternut squash flesh into the pot and stir. Add 4 cups of the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pot, and simmer until the vegetables are very tender, about 30 minutes.nTurn off the heat and using an immersion blender, carefully puree the soup until very smooth. If necessary, add more of the remaining stock to create desired consistency. Mix in 2 teaspoons of the chipotle into the soup, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a small bowl, mix together 1 teaspoon of chipotle and the sour cream. Season the chipotle cream with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the soup to bowls. Top each with a dollop of chipotle cream and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 medium butternut squash, halved lengthwise, seeds discarded, washed, and reserved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 6 cups chicken broth, divided, 2 teaspoons minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 1 teaspoon minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butternut Squash Soup with Chipotle Cream, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 31979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nBreak dough into 8 equal pieces and roll each piece into a thick rope shape. Twist each rope piece into a knot. Place balls on prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Sprinkle with Parmesan to coat surface. Bake 8 minutes, until golden brown.nMeanwhile, melt butter in a large stock pot over medium heat. Add mushrooms, onion and garlic and cook 5 minutes. Add thyme and cook 1 minute. Add chicken broth and wine and bring to a simmer, about 1 minute. Simmer 5 minutes.nWhile soup is simmering, blend softened butter with chopped fresh parsley and salt and pepper. Remove Parmesan knots from the oven.nRemove soup from the heat and, using an immersion or stand blender, puree until smooth Return the soup to low heat, add milk and andouille sausage and simmer 1 minute to heat through.nLadle soup into bowls and top with arugula and walnuts. Serve rolls on the side with parsley butter., ingredients: [1 1pound loaf bread or pizza dough fresh, or frozen and thawed, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms chanterelle, oyster, shiitake, crimini, portobello, etc., stemmed and sliced, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced or 2 teaspoons jarred, minced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 6 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lowfat milk, 1 cup andouille sausage, 1 cup chopped arugula, 14 cup chopped walnuts], title: Wild Mushroom Soup with Arugula and Walnuts and ParmesanCrusted Rolls with Herb Butter, picturelink: bp2HXKn59nxLTFYhRcnOVWx1JzfYZ1.}, 31980: {instructions: Brioche:nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, combine flour, sugar, and yeast on low speed using the dough hook attachment. Add milk, 5 eggs, and salt, mixing until the dry ingredients become moistened. Increase mixer speed and beat until the dough comes together. Slowly add butter, and continue mixing until the dough detaches from the side and bottom of the bowl. Transfer the dough to a separate bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow the dough to rest in a warm place until it almost doubles in size, about 1 12 hours.nGently deflate the dough press a piece of plastic wrap against its surface to prevent a skin from forming, and refrigerate for 6 hours. After refrigeration is complete, using a rolling pin, roll out the dough to 14inch thickness. Cut the dough into an 8inch diameter, and place on a baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise in a warm place.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap from the risen dough and gently apply a coat of egg wash. Sprinkle some rock sugar over the top. Place on a baking sheet and bake for approximately 12 to 15 minutes, or until the dough is puffed and golden. Transfer the dough to a cooling rack and let cool to room temperature.nCream:nIn a small saucepan, bring milk and vanilla bean to a gentle boil over medium heat.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the yolks, sugar, and cornstarch. Whisking all the while, very slowly drizzle a quarter of the hot milk into the yolks. Still whisking, pour the yolk mixture into the saucepan, and over high heat, whisk vigorously without stopping and bring to a boil. Boil for about 1 to 2 minutes, and then transfer to a large bowl. Keep stirring until the mixture reaches 100 to 120 degrees F, or slightly warmer than room temperature. Add softened butter, orange water, and kirsch. When completely combined, gently fold in whipped cream.nAssembly:nCut brioche in half horizontally. Smooth cream mixture over bottom layer, and place second layer gently on top. Serve., ingredients: [3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 34 ounce fresh yeast, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 5 large eggs, plus 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick plus 4 12 tablespoons butter, Rock sugar, 2 cups milk, 1 plump, moist vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, 6 large egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup sifted cornstarch, 3 sticks butter, softened, 1 tablespoon orange water, 1 tablespoon kirsch, 1 12 cups whipped heavy cream], title: Tart Tropezienne, picturelink: null}, 31981: {instructions: In a shallow dish, fan mozzarella. Scatter sliced garlic around on mozzarella. Do the same with the red pepper flakes and the oregano. Sprinkle salt to taste and ground pepper over and around to taste. Drizzle olive oil over mozzarella. Let dish rest for one hour at room temperature for best flavor., ingredients: [1 12lb fresh mozzarella, sliced, 4 cloves of garlic, sliced thin, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, crushed, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano, chopped, Salt, Black pepper, Extra virgin olive oil], title: Marinated Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 31982: {instructions: Bring 3 cups of water to a boil in a medium pot over medium heat. Stir in the rice, cover, turn to low and let simmer until the rice has absorbed all the water and is tender, about 20 minutes. You can also cook the rice in a rice cooker.nIn a large saucepan over low heat, combine the coconut milk, sugar, vanilla, salt and orange zest and cook until the mixture is hot and the sugar is dissolved, 4 to 5 minutes do not let the mixture boil or the coconut milk could curdle. Stir in the cooked rice, cover and cook on low until thick and the rice has absorbed most of the coconut milk, for an additional 15 to 20 minutes.nTo serve, scoop the rice pudding into individual bowls, top with diced mango and garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 12 cups jasmine rice, Two 14ounce cans coconut milk, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest of 12 orange, 1 mango, diced, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Coconut Rice Pudding with Mango, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 31983: {instructions: Put 6 tablespoons butter and the mayonnaise in the bowl of a stand mixer beat with the paddle attachment until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Set aside.nSpread the macaroni and cheese in an 8inchsquare baking dish to about 34 inch thick. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until firm, about 45 minutes. Cut the macaroni and cheese into squares that are slightly smaller than the bread slices.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until caramelized, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the barbecue sauce and pulled pork in a saucepan over low heat and cook until warmed through, about 5 minutes.nGenerously spread the buttermayonnaise mixture on one side of each bread slice. Flip over half of the bread slices layer 1 slice of cheddar, 1 macaroniandcheese square and another slice of cheddar on each. Top each with onequarter of the pulled pork and caramelized onions and another slice of cheddar. Top with the remaining bread slices, butteredside up.nHeat a large skillet or griddle over mediumlow heat. Working in batches, cook the sandwiches until the cheese melts and the bread is golden, about 5 minutes per side.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 cups prepared macaroni and cheese, warmed, 2 onions, thinly sliced Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 2 cups prepared pulled pork, 8 slices buttermilk or white bread, 12 slices sharp cheddar cheese about 6 ounces], title: Grilled Mac and Cheese With Pulled Pork, picturelink: JIr.fOsnQPQnHBTFme8QZIKvJNaLZpS}, 31984: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat canola oil in a 12inch nonstick or cast iron saute pan over medium high heat. Add onions and peppers, cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add chorizo, potatoes, garlic, and cilantro stirring carefully as to not break up the potatoes, cook 1 more minute. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl whisk eggs with a pinch of salt until well blended. Add eggs to the pan with the chorizo mixture. Stir gently with a heatproof spatula, allowing the bottom to cook, pulling away at the sides to allow the egg on top to run underneath as if cooking an omelet.nWhen eggs are mostly set but still a little runny place pan in oven for about 5 minutes until set and slightly puffed and brown on top.nRemove from oven. Cut into wedges. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced, 1 red pepper, roughly chopped, 1 7ounce package precooked chorizo, thinly sliced, 12 pound red potatoes, cubed, boiled until tender and drained, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1 pinch, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 eggs], title: Tortilla with Chorizo, picturelink: z6FONLFJsYOfiyBIV7NKpsl.acnSHFy}, 31985: {instructions: To make the marinade: In a blender or food processor combine banana peppers, mustard, and honey. Blend until smooth, and set aside 3 tablespoons for the pasta sauce.nPour the remaining marinade into a resealable plastic bag. Season the pork with salt and pepper and add them to the bag. Seal and distribute the marinade equally on the pork. Marinate at room temperature up to 2 hours or in the refrigerator if longer than that. Remove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking to let pork come to room temperature.nPreheat a seasoned cast iron grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil for the pasta.nRemove the pork medallions from the marinade and give a gentle shake to remove excess marinade. Place on the grill pan. Let cook 4 minutes per side or until cooked through. Remove from the pan and loosely tent with aluminum foil while the meat rests.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta in salted boiling water until al dente, about 12 minutes. In a medium saute pan on medium heat, heat the oil. When it begins to swirl, add the onions. Season the onions with salt and pepper, and sweat until tender.nAdd the garlic and cook another minute. Add reserved marinade and stir. Once combined, add the heavy cream and stir until slightly reduced and thickened, about 8 minutes.nStir in the grated Parmesan, and parsley. Drain the pasta and add to sauce, coating well. Serve alongside pork., ingredients: [34 cup jarred sliced pickled banana peppers, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons honey, 4 1inch thick center cut boneless pork loin chops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 pappardelle nests, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons reserved marinade, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, for serving], title: Grilled Pork Medallions with Pasta, picturelink: gw6p2Bxd2GXOxvXlDk.xBFwWBRLPi.2}, 31986: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees FnFill a large bowl with water and add the leeks, swish around with your hands to get the sand out from in between the layers. In a large saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon each of butter and olive oil. Add the leeks, sprinkle with the thyme, salt and pepper and cook for about 10 minutes, turning every now and then, until the leeks are softened but not colored. Remove the leeks from heat to cool.nIn a large bowl combine the leeks, cornbread, and chicken stock and season with salt and pepper.nUse a sharp, thin knife to cut down the length of the turkey cutting the breast parallel to the board, almost in half just stopping short of the outside edge. Open out the 2 halves as if you were opening a book. Now youve got a large piece of meat that will cook evenly and is thin enough to roll. Place 2 cups of the stuffing inside each of the breasts and then fold the turkey back over.nPlace the remaining stuffing in a small baking dish and cook alongside the turkey.nTie in 4 places with kitchen twine and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining tablespoon of butter and olive oil in a roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Put the turkey in the roasting pan and sear all over. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for about 25 minutes internal temperature should reach 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Take the turkey out of the oven and let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes, then cut crosswise into slices., ingredients: [4 whole leeks, white part only, roots trimmed and cut into rings, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Leaves from 2 fresh thyme sprigs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups crumbled cornbread, storebought, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 Boneless Turkey breasts], title: Ovenroasted Turkey Breast with Leeks and Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 31987: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F with a pizza stone on the center rack.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add the onion and cook until soft and golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out dough 12inch thick and 10 inches in diameter. Evenly scatter butter over dough. Sprinkle with herbs. Fold dough into thirds like a business letter. Roll out dough again and repeat folding process. Set dough aside, let rest until no longer elastic, 30 to 45 minutes.nDivide dough in 12. Working with 1 piece of dough, roll into a 10inch round, about 14inch thick. Place on pizza peel fold 1inch dough over forming an edge all the way around. Drizzle with 2 teaspoons olive oil and spread with 14 cup olive paste. Add 12 of the onions in an even layer and scatter with 13 olives and 13 cup goat cheese. Season with pepper. Place 3 to 4 anchovies on the top of the tart. Repeat process with remaining ingredients. Transfer tart to oven and bake on pizza stone until crisp and golden brown and the goat cheese is slightly browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven and drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil. May be served warm or at room temperature.nPizza Doughn14 cup wholewheat flourn3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rollingn2 teaspoons 14ounce fresh yeastn2 teaspoons kosher saltn2 teaspoons sugarn2 teaspoons olive oiln1 13 cups lukewarm waternIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment place the wholewheat flour, allpurpose flour, yeast, salt, and sugar. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the oil and 1 13 cup lukewarm water. Knead on low speed until the dough is firm and smooth, about 10 minutes.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 7 12 ounces each. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place 2 balls on each sheet and cover with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rise in a warm spot until they have doubled in size, about 2 hours.nTo roll out the dough dab your fingers in flour and then place 1 ball on a generously floured work surface. Press down the center of each ball with the tips of your fingers, stretching the dough out with your hand. When the dough has doubled in width, using a floured rolling pin, roll the dough out until it is very thin, like a flatbread. The outer border should be slightly thicker than the center. Transfer the dough with a spatula or the back of a knife, allowing it to fold up almost like an umbrella, to a paddle. Do not worry that the pizza is not round, you are looking for an 8 to 10inch shape, a cross between an oval and a rectangle. If you get a hole, simply pinch the edges back together. Repeat with the remaining balls.nYield: 4 8 to 10inch pizzasnBlack Olive Paste:n1 cup pitted black olives, such as kalamata, oilcured, or gaetan5 anchovy filletsn5 garlic clovesn1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves or 1 teaspoon dried rosemaryn12 teaspoon freshly ground peppern12 cup extravirgin olive oilnIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, blend the olives, anchovy fillets, garlic, rosemary, and pepper to a smooth paste. With the processor on, slowly add the olive oil until combined, about 2 minutes. Transfer the olive paste to a small bowl set aside.nYield: about 1 14 cups, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons fresh mixed herbs, such as rosemary, sage, oregano, thyme, and flatleaf, parsley, chopped, 6 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup Black Olive Paste, recipe follows, 1 cup assorted black and green olives, pitted, 23 cup crumbled goat cheese, 6 to 8 anchovy fillets, roughly chopped, Freshly ground pepper], title: Olive Tart, picturelink: null}, 31988: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the kale, garlic and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the kale is softened and the garlic is fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the corn and cook, stirring, until warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a bowl to cool slightly, and then stir in the cheese.nInsert a thin paring knife into the thickest part of the chicken breast and cut down the side to make a 3inch pocket. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts. Then evenly stuff with the kale mixture.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot, 3 to 4 minutes. Rub the chicken breasts with the remaining 2 teaspoons oil and sprinkle with a total of 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add all 4 chicken breasts to the skillet and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Then lower heat to medium. Continue cooking, turning once halfway through, until just cooked through, about 14 minutes more. Insert a small paring knife into the top of the chicken to test for doneness. If any pink areas remain, cover the skillet and continue to cook until opaque.nTransfer the chicken and any bits of filling that fell into the skillet onto 4 plates. Stir the broth and flour together in a small bowl and then add to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Spoon the pan sauce over the chicken., ingredients: [4 teaspoons olive oil, 5 12 ounces frozen chopped kale about 2 cups, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 13 cup frozen whole kernel corn, 2 ounces pepper jack cheese, grated about 12 cup, Four 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: Spicy Kale and Corn Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 31989: {instructions: Stir the yeast into the warm water in a large mixing bowl and let stand a few minutes to dissolve. Add the potato water, mashed potato, 12 cup sugar, salt, butter and egg and beat well. Add 2 cups of the flour and beat until smooth. Add enough of the remaining flour to make a manageable dough, then turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 1 minute or 2. Cover with plastic wrap to prevent drying out. Let rest 10 minutes. Resume kneading for about 8 to 10 minutes until the dough is smooth and elastic. Sprinkle on a little more flour as necessary to keep dough from being too sticky. Place in a large greased bowl, cover and let rest until double in bulk.nPunch dough down. On a floured surface, roll dough into a 14by8inch rectangle. Spread dough with 12 cup softened butter. Mix 23 cup sugar with 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon in a small bowl. Sprinkle over butter. Roll up from long sides like a jelly roll. Cut into 12 equal pieces. Arrange, cut sides up, in a greased 9by13inch pan. Cover pan loosely with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in bulk approximately 30 to 40 minutes. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 minutes or until done. Remove from oven and cool on wire racks. Drizzle with both icings 1 at a time.nCombine all ingredients to icing of drizzling consistency.nCombine all ingredients to make icing of drizzling consistency., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water, 1 cup potatocooking water, 12 cup mashed potato, 12 cup sugar plus 23 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 6 tablespoons butter, softened plus 12 cup softened butter, 1 egg, 4 to 4 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup sifted powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon shredded orange peel, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Fresh orange juice about 1 to 2 tablespoons, 1 cup sifted powdered sugar, 34 teaspoon almond extract, Milk about 1 to 2 tablespoons], title: Zesty Orange Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: null}, 31990: {instructions: For the sour mix: Combine the lemon juice and Simple Syrup in a glass and stir together.nFor the emerald isle: Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice. Add the vodka, rum, Irish whiskey, blue curacao, 34 ounce of the sour mix and the orange juice. Shake once and strain into a Collins glass filled with ice. Garnish with the lime wedge.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce vodka, 12 ounce rum, 12 ounce Irish whiskey, 12 ounce blue curacao, 2 ounces orange juice, 1 lime wedge, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Emerald Isle, picturelink: null}, 31991: {instructions: Put 2 cups of salted water and the vinegar in a large, stainless steel saucepan and bring to a boil. Slice 1inch off the tops of the center cone of the artichokes and cut the stalks so they will sit flat. Trim the tips from the leaves and rub the surfaces with lemon. Put the artichokes in the water and simmer, covered, for about 30 minutes. When the leaves pull off easily, put the artichokes on a rack cool and drain them upside down. Remove the center leaves and the choke with a spoon and discard.nSaute the onion in 1 tablespoon of olive oil, stirring until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes, then transfer to a bowl. Saute the zucchini in the remaining olive oil until lightly browned, add the mushrooms and cook for 2 more minutes, add to the onions.nMix the egg, mozzarella, lemon juice, and 12 cup of Parmesan. Add to the vegetable mixture, stir well.nHeat the extra virgin olive oil in a saucepan and add the garlic and the bread crumbs. Brown lightly. Remove from heat and stir in the vegetableegg mixture. Stuff the center and the leaves of the artichokes with the mixture. Set the artichokes upright in a baking dish with the water below the first leaf, about 1 cup. Sprinkle the juice of one lemon and the remaining Parmesan over the artichokes. Bake them, covered, for 30 minutes. Uncover for the last few minutes to brown the cheese., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 large artichokes, 1 lemon, halved, 12 cup onions, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup zucchini, chopped, 1 cup mushrooms, sliced, 1 egg, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, chopped, Juice of one lemon, 12 cup plus 2 teaspoons Parmesan, grated, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 cups flavored bread crumbs], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 31992: {instructions: Place potatoes and 14 cup water in a microwaveable bowl. Cover microwave on HIGH heat 10 to 12 minutes, until potatoes are tender. Cool.nMix mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, garlic salt, and pepper in a large serving bowl until well blended.nGently stir potatoes into dressing until well coated. Sprinkle with cheese, bacon, and red onion cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Stir toppings in just before serving., ingredients: [1 package Simply Potatoesu00ae Steakhouse Seasoned Diced Potatoes, 12 cup chipotle or light mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, Freshly ground pepper to taste, 13 cup ReducedFat Shredded Sharp Cheddar Cheese, 14 cup real bacon pieces, 14 cup finely chopped red onion], title: Cheddar and Bacon Potato Salad, picturelink: PQYsFBxMW2T5zYBycwTGQaNWORviP6}, 31993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the dried mushrooms in a small pot and cover with half the beef stock. Bring to boil and simmer until very tender and liquids reduce by onethird, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile heat the olive oil, a couple turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the meat with salt and pepper and brown half the meat until evenly crusted all over. Remove the browned meat to a plate. Repeat for the remaining meat, using more oil as needed.nAdd the butter to the meat drippings and melt. Add the thyme and portabellas, cook until well browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, add the garlic and onions and cook 5 minutes more. Add the wine and deglaze the pan. Chop and add the porcinis and their liquids, the remaining 2 cups of stock and Worcestershire. Cover and roast until tender, 2 hours. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat in 325 degrees F oven until heated through, or on the stovetop, partially covered, over a medium flame. Toss the parsley and celery with the lemon juice, EVOO and some salt and pepper, then mix in the cheese. Garnish the stew with the celery salad on top., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcinis, a handful, 4 cups beef stock, 14 cup olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 12 to 3 pounds cubed beef chuck, room temp, pat dry, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 4 large or 5 to 6 medium portabella mushrooms, gilled and cut into 1inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup dry red wine, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley tops, coarsely chopped, 4 ribs celery, thinly sliced on an angle, 12 lemon, juiced, EVOO for drizzling, 12 cup shaved pecorino cheese], title: Potted Beef and Mushrooms, picturelink: wAw0vj2zVBk8X8MNb.anZHroka6p8YW}, 31994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the vegetables: Warm the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until starting to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the squash and zucchini, sprinkle with salt and pepper and stir and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nGrill the tomato slices on a grill pan or simply sear them in a hot skillet. Remove and set aside.nFor the hollandaise sauce: In a small saucepan, melt the butter until sizzling.nPut the egg yolks in a blender. Turn the blender on low to allow the yolks to combine, and then begin pouring the very hot butter in a thin stream into the blender. The blender should remain on the whole time, and you should be careful to pour in the butter very slowly. Keep pouring the butter until its all gone, then immediately begin pouring the lemon juice into the blender. Check the blender to make sure the sauce is still liquid and moving easily through the blades if its not, add a little more juice and give it a stir, then blend again. Add a generous shake of cayenne pepper. If the sauce is too thick, continue to blend while adding more lemon juice.nFor the poached eggs: Bring a medium saucepan of water to a gentle boil. Add the vinegar. Use a wooden spoon to carefully stir the water into a circular whirlpool. Crack the eggs into the water and allow them to swirl around in the water until they begin to set. Let them stay in the water for 1 minute, then remove them with a slotted spoon and set on a plate. If the eggs need to be cooked longer, just add them back to the water for 30 seconds at a time.nSpoon the vegetables on plates or in bowls and set the eggs on top. Lay the tomato slices on the side. Place the cheese slices on the side. Sprinkle the eggs with salt and pepper and serve with the hollandaise sauce poured over the top., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 medium onions, cut into chunks, 2 cups diced yellow squash, 2 cups diced zucchini, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tomatoes, sliced thickly, 2 sticks butter, 3 egg yolks, Juice of 1 lemon, plus more if needed, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 4 teaspoons vinegar, 8 eggs, 4 slices cheese Monterey Jack, Cheddar, Swiss, etc.], title: Carb Buster Breakfast with Hollandaise, picturelink: r6FZNFKLMOwAg4LjIhxUihRoxekZG}, 31995: {instructions: Prepare the pork: To butterfly, slice down the middle of the pork with a sharp knife, about twothirds of the way through. Open the meat like a book and pound with a mallet or heavy skillet into a 1inchthick rectangle, aboutn8 by 14 inches. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Season the pork with about 1 12 teaspoons salt. In a small bowl, mix the lemon zest, garlic, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, the sage, rosemary and 1 12 teaspoons pepper. Rub the mixture all over the pork, then roll it up tightly and tie with twine. Drizzle the roll with olive oil and rub all over sprinkle with pepper and more fennel seeds. The roll can be prepared up to 3 days in advance refrigerate until roasting.nPlace the pork roll on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. Roast until a thermometer inserted into the middle registers 180 degrees and the pork is crusty on the outside, about 2 hours. Let rest 15 minutes before slicing.nWhile the pork roasts, make the pickled onions: Bring the vinegar, sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, the bay leaf, fennel seeds and red pepper flakes to a boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion slices and simmer 1 minute, then remove from the heat and let the onion cool in the liquid. Leftover pickled onions will keep in the liquid for weeks.nPrepare the polenta: Place a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil and fry the polenta until golden and crisp, about 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. To assemble, arrange the polenta on a platter or individual plates. Thinly slice the pork roll, then cut into bitesize pieces and pile on the polenta. Top with pickled onions and serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Jim Franco, ingredients: [3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher or sea salt, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, plus more for sprinkling, 16 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Freshly ground pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 34 cup white vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, Kosher or sea salt, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced into rings, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tube about 18 ounces prepared polenta, cut into 14inchthick rounds], title: Porchetta and Polenta, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 31996: {instructions: For the BBQ sauce:nCombine all of the sauce ingredients in a stockpot or large Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring frequently to prevent sticking. Reduce temperature to low and simmer uncovered, for at least 2 hours.nFor the spaghetti:nDice bell peppers and onions and saute together in extravirgin olive oil. Add the sauteed vegetables and cooked pork to the sauce and continue to simmer for up to 1 hour. Cook pasta according to package directions and drain. Pour sauce over cooked pasta and serve.nMix all the ingredients and set aside., ingredients: [16 ounces ketchup, 8 ounces water, 3 ounces brown sugar, 3 ounces white sugar, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon dry mustard powder, 1ounce lemon juice, 1ounce Worcestershire sauce, 4 ounces apple cider vinegar, 1ounce light corn syrup, 2 ounces Neelys BBQ Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 bell pepper, 1 onion, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 pounds cooked pork, 1 pound spaghetti, 4 ounces paprika, 2 ounces white sugar, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: Neelys BBQ Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 31997: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8 by 8inch pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang. Spray with nonstick spray.nMelt butter and chocolate in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat stirring constantly.nOnce the chocolate is melted and smooth, stir in the sugar, eggs, salt, and vanilla extract together. Whisk until smooth. Add the flour and stir until thoroughly combined. Pour into pan.nBake for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool completely on wire rack.nCream Cheese Frosting:nBeat the butter and cream cheese with a hand mixer until fluffy and light. Add the powdered sugar and beat until combined. Add the orange juice and zest and beat until thoroughly combined. Place frosting in a piping bag with a large star tip.nRemove brownies from the pan. Using a 1 12inch round ring mold cut out the brownies into circles. Decoratively pipe the frosting on the brownies., ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 stick butter, room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 4 cups powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon orange zest], title: Mini Brownie Bites with Orange Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: null}, 31998: {instructions: Whisk the teriyaki sauce, peanut oil and 14 cup water in a large bowl until smooth. Add the spinach, snap peas, bell pepper, tomatoes, scallions, basil, chicken and cashews toss to combine and season with salt and pepper.nWarm the rice in the microwave. Serve topped with the chickenvegetable salad.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil preferably roasted, 4 cups baby spinach about 2 ounces, 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed and halved, 1 orange bell pepper, cut into strips, 1 10ounce container yellow andor red cocktail tomatoes, quartered, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, 12 cup salted roasted cashews, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups cooked brown rice thawed if frozen], title: Teriyaki Chicken Rice Bowl, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 31999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the soup: In a large soup pot or Dutch oven, bring the oil to medium heat. Add the shallot and salt and pepper to taste. Sweat until translucent, about 1 minute, being careful not to brown. Add the asparagus to the pot and sweat until beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the peas and sweat another minute. Pour in the white wine and deglaze the pot. Add 5 cups water and continue simmering until crisptender, another 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nWorking in batches and carefully as the liquid will be hot, puree the soup until smooth in a blender. In the last batch, add the baby spinach and puree this will give the soup a vibrant green color. Strain back into the pot through a fine mesh sieve. Return to a simmer until slightly thickened, 4 to 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat.nFor the Parmesan breadcrumbs: While the soup simmers, pulse the bread in a food processor until you have very coarse crumbs. Once processed, transfer the breadcrumbs to a medium mixing bowl. Drizzle with a generous amount of olive oil. Toss with the thyme. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Transfer to a parchmentlined sheet tray. Using a grater, finely grate a few tablespoons of Parmesan over the breadcrumbs. Place into the oven and bake until golden and crispy, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool.nTo serve: Ladle the soup into shallow serving bowls. Sprinkle evenly with a few teaspoons of Parmesan breadcrumbs and top with a dollop of creme fraiche. Garnish with chopped chives, cilantro leaves, a squeeze of a lime wedge and a splash of extravirgin olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 bunches pencil asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 cup thawed, frozen peas or 1 cup shelled fresh English peas about 1 pound unshelled, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 cups lightly packed baby spinach, Four 18inch slices dayold sourdough bread about 3 ounces, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 3ounce wedge Parmesan, Creme fraiche, Finely chopped fresh chives, Fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, Goodquality extravirgin olive oil], title: Asparagus Soup, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 32000: {instructions: In a medium saucepan heat oil over mediumhigh heat, add onions and garlic and saute until soft. Add cumin and cook 1 minute. Add rice and coat with the oil. Add reserved cooking liquid, season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover pot and cook for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, fluff with a fork and fold in the cooked black beans, green onion and jalapeno. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound dry black beans, soaked overnight, cooked, drained, cooking liquid reserved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 cups long grain rice, 4 12 cups reserved bean cooking liquid, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 green onions, finely sliced, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped], title: Black Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 32001: {instructions: Cook the rice noodles as the label directs drain and rinse under cold water to cool, then snip into smaller pieces with kitchen shears. Meanwhile, make the dressing: Whisk 14 cup fish sauce, the juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, the jalapeno, sugar, half of the garlic and 12 cup water in a small bowl set aside. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Combine the zest and juice of the remaining lime and the remaining garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 2 teaspoons fish sauce in a medium bowl. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Grill the shrimp until lightly charred and opaque, about 2 minutes per side. Toss the noodles, romaine, carrots, herbs and bean sprouts in a large bowl. Gradually add enough of the dressing to coat toss. Divide among bowls and top with the shrimp. Drizzle with the dressing.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [8 ounces vermicelli rice noodles, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 2 limes 1 zested, both juiced, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced remove seeds for less heat, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 romaine lettuce heart, thinly sliced, 2 medium carrots, coarsely grated, 2 12 cups mixed chopped herbs, such as cilantro, basil and mint, 1 cup bean sprouts], title: Rice NoodleShrimp Salad, picturelink: Wdqo3aqv2UVJ5n976pAlGXCN6AlEI2}, 32002: {instructions: Special equipment: sandwich picksnFor the brine: Bring 2 quarts water to a simmer in a stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the salt, brown sugar, vinegar, peppercorns, pepper flakes, parsley, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, lemon peel and onions. Heat until the salt dissolves, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in 4 cups ice cubes, stirring until the ice melts. Chill the brine for 15 to 20 minutes before using. The brine keeps in the fridge for up to 2 days.nFor the turkey picnic sandwich: Place the turkey breast in the chilled brine and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the brine and pat dry. In a small bowl, add the olive oil, salt, pepper, thyme and garlic and mix well to combine. Rub the turkey all over with the herb oil mixture.nRoast in the center of the oven until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast avoid touching bone reaches 165 degrees F, about 1 hour. Remove the turkey from the oven and allow to rest for 20 minutes before carving into thin slices.nFor the sandwiches: Smear the bottoms of the pretzel rolls with mustard and mayonnaise. Working from the bottom up, layer the sandwich with a pile of sliced turkey pile it high, some CranberryOnion Jam, a pickle, a pile of romaine and radicchio, and finally a slice provolone and Swiss cheese. Place top half of the rolls on top and secure with sandwich picks.nSet a medium saucepan over medium heat and add the oil and onions. Cook, stirring often, until soft and light brown, about 10 minutes. Add the cranberries, orange juice, sugar, salt, zest, pepper flakes, rosemary and 14 cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, remove the rosemary, and continue to cook until the liquid has reduced and you have a jamlike consistency, about 10 minutes more. Let cool., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 parsley stems, 6 sprigs thyme, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 bay leaves, 2 strips lemon peel, 1 small yellow onion, sliced, One 2 12 to 3pound turkey breast, bonein and skinon, washed and patted dry, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 pretzel rolls, split and toasted, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup mayonnaise, CranberryOnion Jam, recipe follows, 14 cup lengthwisesliced dill pickles, 2 cups finely shredded romaine, 2 cups finely shredded radicchio, 6 slices provolone, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 sweet onion, cut into julienne strips, 2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon orange zest, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 small sprig rosemary], title: Turkey Picnic Sandwich, picturelink: oCQUer.nqkIU974YrqrtAq6BdnTpf2}, 32003: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrizzle the olive oil into a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, ground beef and pepperoni and stir, breaking the meat up as it begins to cook. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until brown, and then remove the meat to a plate.nAdd the mushrooms, garlic, bell peppers and onions to the pot and saute until the mushrooms have softened and the others have some color. Add the meat back in along with the tomatoes, tomato paste, pesto, half the parsley, 1 teaspoon of the salt, 12 teaspoon of the black pepper and the crushed red pepper flakes. Stir, reduce the heat to low and simmer for 25 to 30 minutes. Add the black olives and stir.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the cheese mixture: Combine the ricotta and eggs in a large bowl. Add the Parmesan, the rest of the parsley and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Stir the mixture until totally combined.nTo assemble the lasagna: Overlap 4 lasagna noodles in the bottom of a large rectangular baking dish. Spoon half the cheese mixture over the noodles and smooth it out into a flat layer. Lay half of the mozzarella slices on top followed by half of the meat sauce. Repeat these layers once more and top with some extra Parmesan. Bake until heated through and bubbly on the top, 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds Italian sausage, 1 pound ground beef, 12 ounces sliced pepperoni, 1 pound mushrooms, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green bell peppers, diced, 2 red bell peppers, diced, 1 large onion, diced, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes, One 15ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup prepared pesto, 13 cup finely minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup sliced black olives, 30 ounces wholemilk ricotta, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for sprinkling, 8 lasagna noodles, cooked until al dente, 24 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into thin slices], title: Supreme Pizza Lasagna, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 32004: {instructions: For the panna cotta: In a mixing bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over 12 cup of the almond milk. Allow the gelatin to soften, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the remaining almond milk, heavy cream, blanched almonds and sugar. Whisk the mixture to dissolve the sugar while bringing it to a simmer. Remove from the heat, cover with a lid and allow to steep for 15 minutes. Strain out the almonds and return the mixture to the saucepan. Return the saucepan to the stove and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the gelatin mixture, remove from the heat and divide among six 6ounce ramekins. Refrigerate until set, at least 5 hours.nFor the cherry compote: While the panna cotta sets, combine the cherries, cherry preserves, sugar, balsamic vinegar and 12 cup water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, and then reduce to mediumhigh heat and continue to boil until the mixture becomes syrupy, about 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool it will continue to thicken as it cools. Cover and chill until ready to serve. If desired, unmold the panna cotta. Serve with the cherry compote either on top or alongside., ingredients: [2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 1 cup almond milk, 2 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup blanched whole almonds, 12 cup sugar, 1 pound fresh Bing cherries, pitted or frozen pitted cherries, 13 cup cherry preserves, 13 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Almond Panna Cotta with Cherry Compote, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 32005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove any large stems from the greens and wash them thoroughly do so in a sink with at least 5 inches of water. Moving the leaves around in the water and allowing them to sit for a few minutes to allow the sand or dirt to fall to the bottom of the sink. Once clean, roughly chop the greens. You should have 1 pound finished greens once they are stemmed. Weigh the greens after stemming, but before washing. After washing the greens, place them in a salad spinner to thoroughly dry them.nButter a 9 by 11inch or 2 12quart baking dish and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl whisk together the eggs, ricotta, Parmesan, salt, and pepper. Set aside.nIn a large, 13 by 11inch roasting pan set over 2 burners on medium heat, melt the butter in 1 corner of the pan. Add the garlic, mushrooms, and a pinch of salt and cook until the mushrooms give up their liquid, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the greens and cook until they are wilted, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. The greens will reduce to less than 14 of their original volume and begin to look like thawed, frozen spinach. Remove the pan from the heat.nAdd the greens to the egg and cheese mixture and stir to thoroughly combine. Pour into the prepared baking dish, top with the crackers, place on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 pound stemmed mustard greens, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus extra for baking dish, 3 whole eggs, beaten, 10 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 ounces grated Parmesan approximately 12 cup, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for garlic and mushrooms, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup crushed round butter crackers], title: Mustard Green Gratin, picturelink: umpnwutoKVH5cv3q3jpGOEFEo2K2zi}, 32006: {instructions: In a large saute pan, over high heat combine the oil and butter. Saute the shrimp until they are just pink, about 3 to 4 minutes, and season with salt and pepper. To serve, place 14 cup of the Thai Spiced Eggplant in the center of a plate. Arrange 3 of the sauteed shrimp on top and nap with 14 cup of the sauce. Garnish with chiffonade of basil leaves.nIn a medium saucepan, over high heat, add the peanut oil and stir fry the ginger, lemon grass and galangal. Cook until glossy and aromatic, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Add the Thai chiles and stirfry another 30 seconds. Add the cumin, paprika, red Thai curry paste and tomato. Cook another 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Deglaze the saucepan with coconut milk and bring mixture to a boil. Lower heat to a simmer, add the lime juice, fish sauce, lime leaves and basil. Allow to simmer for 10 minutes and reduce slightly.nSeason, to taste, with salt and sugar. Remove from heat and steep for 20 minutes. Strain and use as needed.nYield: about 1 cup, 4 servingsnPreheat a grill. With a fork, poke eggplant several times. Rub with 1 tablespoon of peanut oil. Grill until completely tender. Remove pulp from the charred skin and roughly chop the pulp.nIn a medium saute pan, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil and butter. Over medium heat, saute the jalapeno, garlic, ginger, and onion until glossy and aromatic, about 2 minutes. Add the tomato and eggplant pulp. Stir until well blended. Add the sugar, cumin, and coriander. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cook over low heat for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTaste and correct seasoning with salt and pepper. Turn off heat and stir in cilantro and Thai basil. Use as needed.nYield: about 1 cup, 4 servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons cooking oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail on, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Thai Spiced Eggplant, heated, recipe follows, Thai Red Curry Sauce, heated, recipe follows, Basil leaves, chiffonade, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 4inch piece ginger skin on, sliced and smashed, 1 large lemon grass, white part only, about 4inch piece, smashed, 1 2inch piece galangal, peeled and chopped, 2 dried red Thai chiles, 2 teaspoons cumin powder, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons red Thai curry paste, 14 cup tomato concassee, 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 2 to 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 to 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 12 cup Kaffir lime leaves, 1 cup Thai basil leaves, Salt and sugar, to taste, 1 Globe eggplant, or 4 Chinese eggplants, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon minced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced white onion, 14 cup tomato concasse, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 tablespoon cumin powder, 12 tablespoon coriander powder, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chiffonade cilantro, 1 tablespoon chiffonade Thai basil], title: Sauteed Shrimp with Thai Spiced Eggplant and Thai Red Curry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32007: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until bright green and crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to a plate with a slotted spoon let cool. Return the water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nWhisk the eggs, evaporated milk, the reserved cooking water, the Mexican cheese, 12 cup parmesan, the mustard, nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large saucepan. Cook over mediumlow heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture starts to thicken and bubble, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the pasta and broccoli until coated. Transfer the mixture to a 3quart baking dish and top with the tomatoes.nPreheat the broiler. Combine the remaining 14 cup parmesan, the breadcrumbs and melted butter in a small bowl sprinkle over the macaroni and cheese. Broil, rotating the pan, until the topping is golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 head broccoli, cut into small florets about 4 cups, 8 ounces campanelle or short pasta, 2 large eggs, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend about 8 ounces, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 12 ounces, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted], title: Mac and Cheese with Broccoli and Tomatoes, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 32008: {instructions: Dredge the turtle in flour. In a large, heavybottomed saucepot over high heat, melt the butter and brown the turtle pieces, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the turtle from pan and allow to cool enough to handle. Deglaze the pan with red wine, scraping the bits from the bottom and sides.nAdd the celery, onion, carrots to the pot. Stir in the beef stock, 12 cup water, and Worcestershire and continue to cook over mediumhigh heat. In small bowl whisk together the cornstarch, paprika, allspice, parsley, nutmeg, ginger, tomato paste, salt and pepper and 2 tablespoons water. Add to the vegetable mixture.nOnce the turtle has cooled, put meat in cheesecloth, and tie closed with butchers twine and add to the pot. The turtle needs to be in cheesecloth so that it can be extracted from the stew before pureeing. Continue to cook over mediumhigh heat until the mixture boils, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 2 hours. After 2 hours, remove the turtle in the cheesecloth and strain vegetables from stock. Transfer cooked vegetables to a food processor and process until a chunky paste is achieved. Remove the turtle from cheesecloth and return the meat to saucepan with reserved liquid and pureed vegetables. Cook over medium heat until desired thickness is achieved, about 20 minutes. Ladle into serving bowls and finish with a little sherry in each bowl before serving., ingredients: [1 pound snapper turtle, cleaned, rinsed and medium diced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup butter, 14 cup red wine, 13 cup chopped celery, 13 cup chopped onion, 13 cup chopped carrot, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 quart beef stock, 12 cup water, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon freshly minced parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 13 cup tomato paste, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 13 cup sherry, for garnish], title: Turtle Stew, picturelink: UYyihzG2C2xnLKVts7tVtSFeATi1PK}, 32009: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken into a resealable gallonsize plastic bag and pound with the flat side of a meat tenderizer to a thickness of 12inch. Add the rest of the ingredients, except the peanut oil, to a food processor, fitted with the bottom blade or a blender, and pulse 5 to 6 times for 2 seconds each or until well blended. Using a new resealable gallonsize plastic bag, add the chicken and the marinade, mix well and refrigerate for 1 hour.nWhile the chicken is marinating, prepare the Asian Mayonnaise.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and wipe off the excess with a paper towel. Heat a large saute pan over high heat and add 3 tablespoons peanut oil. When the oil is hot, add the chicken, stirring frequently for 3 to 4 minutes. Once cooked through, remove the chicken to a plate and keep warm. To the same pan add the red onions, carrots, red bell peppers, and bok choy and saute for 2 minutes longer. Add in the mung bean sprouts, ginger and garlic and saute for 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Spread all of the naan with the Asian Mayonnaise and top with the chicken satay saute. Roll and serve immediately.nIn a small, nonreactive bowl, combine all the ingredients. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes, stirring after 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, pounded, cut into 1inch strips, 3 tablespoons peeled, roughly chopped ginger, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped yellow onion, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 34 cup julienne red onion, 14 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup julienne red bell pepper, 12 cup julienne bok choy, 34 cup mung bean sprouts, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Asian Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 6 naan wraps, purchased, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon finely chopped cilantro leave, 2 teaspoons finely chopped green onions], title: Satay Chicken Salad Wraps, picturelink: RkboIVNt20soLdjsfg1t4PA3XU4Mp6}, 32010: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nCombine the bread and milk in a large bowl and soak for 10 minutes. Add the turkey, eggs, cheese, pancetta, onion, garlic, ketchup, parsley, oregano, breadcrumbs, salt and pepper. Mix well with your hands. Shape into an 8inchby5inch loaf and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F and drizzle more ketchup all over the top of the loaf. Bake until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf reads 165 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Let the meat loaf rest for 10 minutes, then transfer to a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 slices soft white sandwich bread, torn into small pieces about 2 cups, 12 cup whole milk, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 8 thin slices pancetta, finely chopped, 12 onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup ketchup, plus more for drizzling, 1 cup loosely packed flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup Italianseasoned dry breadcrumbs, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Thursday Turkey Meat Loaf, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 32011: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the bananas in the butter, cut side down. Pour the sugar around the bananas and let it cook until it starts to caramelize, moving the bananas around a bit to ensure even browning.nRemove the skillet from heat add in the rum, and orange juice. Return the skillet to heat and let reduce for a minute. Turn the bananas and let the juices reduce for another minute.nRemove the skillet from heat and swirl in the remaining tablespoon of butter.nServe the bananas in shallow bowls drizzled with the caramel pan sauce. Top with orange segments and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 bananas, peeled and sliced into 1inch pieces, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons white rum, 14 cup orange juice preferably freshly squeezed from 1 orange, 2 oranges, peeled and segmented, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Bananas with Orange and Rum Caramel, picturelink: 2A1PllmjvcMa.VFYE4oJeQASlueOhm}, 32012: {instructions: In a nonstick skillet set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until hot. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add the veal, beef, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook, stirring, until no longer pink. Add the garlic, tomatoes, gingerroot, Garam Masala, and chilies, and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the peas and continue to cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes more, or until flavors blend. Stir in the lemon juice and cilantro and correct seasoning, adding more salt if necessary. Either transfer to a bowl and serve with warm rotis or tortillas or spoon Keema down center of bread and roll up like a burrito., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, minced, 8 ounces ground veal, 8 ounces ground lean beef, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 firm, ripe tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon minced gingerroot, or 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon Garam Masala, 1 teaspoon minced fresh hot green chilies, or to taste, 3 cups frozen peas, 1 lemon, juiced, or to taste, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, or to taste, Indian flatbreads rotis or tortillas, as an accompaniment], title: Keema Indian Spiced Ground Veal and Beef with Peas, picturelink: null}, 32013: {instructions: In a standing mixer fitted with a dough hook combine the yeast and water, mixing slowly until yeast is dissolved. Stir in salt and sugar. Mix well. Set aside for 5 minutes.nBeat for 5 minutes, gradually adding flour until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl.nTurn out on a lightly floured surface. Knead for 8 to 10 minutes, until dough is smooth and elastic, adding flour as necessary to prevent stickiness.nLightly oil a large bowl. Place dough in bowl and turn to coat on all sides. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm, draftfree place until doubled in bulk, about 1 12 hours. Alternatively, cover with plastic wrap and let rise slowly in the refrigerator for 10 to 12 hours or overnight.nLine a baking sheet with kitchen parchment or sprinkle with cornmeal.nPunch down the dough. Divide in half, shape into 2 round loaves, and place on the baking sheet. Carve an X in the top of the loaf and spray with vinegar. Place in a cold oven and turn the oven on to 400 degrees F for 45 minutes. Transfer to wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 2 14 cups warm water, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 to 7 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, Cornmeal, White distilled vinegar], title: Brothers Bread, picturelink: null}, 32014: {instructions: Toss all ingredients in bowl until shrimp are well coated with seasoning and oil.nAllow shrimp to marinate in refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nHeat griddle to mediumhigh.nCook shrimp on griddle, stirring frequently. Cook until shrimp are pink and seasoning becomes crusty., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh shrimp, butterflied and deveined with pants on 36 to 40 per pound headon count, 14 cup minced garlic, 4 tablespoons garlic powder, 8 tablespoons bronzing seasoning, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Bronzed Shrimp, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 32015: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and carrots and saute for about 10 minutes, until very tender. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, sugar, tomato paste, basil, chicken stock, salt, and pepper and stir well. Bring the soup to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, until the tomatoes are very tender.nAdd the cream to the soup and process it through a food mill into a bowl, discarding only the dry pulp thats left. Reheat the soup over low heat just until hot and serve with julienned basil leaves andor croutons., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped red onions 2 onions, 2 carrots, unpeeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 4 pounds vineripened tomatoes, coarsely chopped 5 large, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 14 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves, plus julienned basil leaves, for garnish, 3 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, Croutons, for garnish], title: Cream of Fresh Tomato Soup, picturelink: RndCMnRR1N2230n5i4U8Ic08hZSizhW}, 32016: {instructions: Precook the potatoes by heating enough water about 6 cups to cover them in a large pot over high heat until hot but well below a simmer. Turn heat down to low and add the potato slices, crushed shallots and garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and vinegar. The potatoes will cool the water down to about 160 degrees. Cook at about this temperature, well below a simmer, for about 20 minutes. Drain and run cold water over the potato slices to cool them. Let them stand in water in the pot until youre ready to finish cooking, or drain, cover, and refrigerate.nWhen ready to mash, saute the minced shallots and garlic in butter over medium heat until just soft in a heavy, medium saucepan. Stir in 2 teaspoons salt and the white pepper. Add the cream and halfandhalf and heat gently. Set aside.nTo finish cooking, add water to the cool potatoes if necessary, bring to a boil, and simmer until forktender, about 5 minutes at a simmer. Drain, remove the crushed shallots and garlic, put the potatoes back in the pot, and heat for about 1 minute to dry them out. To mash, push the potatoes once through a ricer or largeholed strainer into a medium mixing bowl. Bring the shallot and cream mixture to a boil and stir into the hot mashed potatoes. Taste and add more salt or pepper as needed. Serve immediately.nMake ahead and serve hot: Make complete mashed potatoes 1 day ahead, refrigerate overnight, cover tightly with foil and heat for 40 minutes in a 325 degree oven. Serve., ingredients: [4 to 5 medium Burbank russet Idaho or Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, and sliced 13inchthick, 3 medium shallots, crushed, plus5 shallots, finely minced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 teaspoons and 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 cup heavy or whipping cream, 12 to 1 cup halfandhalf or milk], title: Shallot Mashed Potatoes with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 32017: {instructions: For the crust: In a large mixing bowl, combine the flours and the butter powder, if using. Add the shortening and using a pastry blender, cut in the shortening until it resembles coarse crumbs. Set aside. In a small bowl, beat together the egg, vinegar, salt, and water. Add egg mixture to the flour mixture and combine with a fork, just until the dough comes together. Do not over mix. Form dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill for several hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling, drain the thawed raspberries, reserving the juice in a measuring cup. Drain the cherries and add enough of the juice from the cherries to make 1 cup liquid total.nIn a saucepan mix the sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in the juice and add the cherries, and simmer over mediumlow heat until filling is thick and clear, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the butter. Very gently fold in the raspberries. Set aside.nUsing a little more than 13 of the dough, roll it out between 2 pieces of plastic wrap to a size that will overlap the edge of a 9inch glass pie dish. Fit dough in pie dish, trimming off excess.nAdd the filling. Roll out the remaining dough to fit the top. Place the dough over the filling, cut off the excess, and crimp edges to seal the dough. Brush the top with milk and sprinkle with sugar. Cut 3 or 4 slits for steam vents.nPlace on the bottom shelf of the oven. Bake for 10 minutes, and then move to the middle shelf, reduce the heat to 350 degrees F, and continue to bake until the crust is a golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes more. Cool completely before cutting., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cake flour, 2 tablespoons super rich butter powder, optional, 1 cup shortening, 1 whole egg, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup ice water, One 10ounce package frozen red raspberries, thawed, 2 cups canned pitted sour cherries in juice, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, Milk, for brushing crust, 1 tablespoon sugar, for sprinkling], title: CherryRed Raspberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 32018: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil with 1 tablespoon salt and a splash of oil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain and set aside.nFor the white sauce, bring the milk to a simmer in a saucepan. Set aside. Melt 8 tablespoons 1 stick of the butter in a large saucepan. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Pour the hot milk into the butterflour mixture all at once. Add 1 tablespoon salt, the pepper, and nutmeg, and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring first with the wooden spoon and then with a whisk, for 3 to 5 minutes, until thick. Set aside off the heat.nSeparate the mushroom stems from the caps and discard the stems. Slice the caps 14inch thick. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large 12inch saute pan. When the butter melts, add half the mushrooms, sprinkle with salt, and cook over medium heat for about 5 minutes, until the mushrooms are tender and they release some of their juices. If they become too dry, add a little more oil. Toss occasionally to make sure the mushrooms cook evenly. Repeat with the remaining mushrooms and set all the mushrooms aside.nTo assemble the lasagna, spread some of the sauce in the bottom of an 8 by 12 by 2inch baking dish. Arrange a layer of noodles on top, then more sauce, then 13 of the mushrooms, and 14 cup grated Parmesan. Repeat 2 more times, layering noodles, sauce, mushrooms, and Parmesan. Top with a final layer of noodles and sauce, and sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan.nBake the lasagna for 45 minutes, or until the top is browned the sauce is bubbly and hot. Allow to sit at room temperature for 15 minutes and serve hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Good olive oil, 34 pound dried lasagna noodles, 4 cups whole milk, 12 tablespoons 112 sticks unsalted butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 pounds portobello mushrooms, 1 cup freshly ground Parmesan], title: Portobello Mushroom Lasagna, picturelink: jRn8hAKzAVpumuX2WDed8z3532Bl8o.}, 32019: {instructions: In the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the yeast, sugar, and warm water stir to blend. Let the yeast stand until foamy, about 5 to 10 minutes.nStir in the salt. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until all the flour has been incorporated and the dough gathers into a ball this should take about 4 minutes.nTurn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead until its smooth and elastic. Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, turn it over to coat, and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to rise until double in size, about 1 12 hours.nPlace a large pizza stone on the lower oven rack, preheat the oven and stone to 500 degrees F.nPunch the dough down, divide it into 8 pieces, and gather each piece into a ball keeping all of them lightly floured and covered while you work. Allow the balls of dough to rest, covered, for 15 minutes so they will be easier to roll out.nUsing a rolling pin, roll each dough ball into a circle that is about 8inches in diameter and 14inch thick. Make sure the circle is totally smooth, with no creases or seams in the dough, which can prevent the pitas from puffing up properly. Cover the disks as you roll them out, but do not stack them up. Put 2 pita rounds at a time on the hot pizza stone and bake for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the bread puffs up like a balloon and is pale golden. Watch closely they bake fast. Remove the bread from the oven and place on a rack to cool for 5 minutes they will naturally deflate, leaving a pocket in the center. Wrap the pitas in a large kitchen towel to keep them soft., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 112 cups warm water, 1 teaspoon salt, 312 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Pita Bread, picturelink: SHApKsvJmOBzLZGs4jc23gMzZd.tCwG}, 32020: {instructions: Prepare grill surface to med hi heat. Grill grates or surface.nBrush corn with olive oil and grill 2 mins per side or until nice and charred.nOnce done remove kernels from cob using a sharp knife in a big bowl. Keep used cobs of corn after removing kernels.nIn a separate bowl whisk sugar into vinegar to dissolve.nAdd remaining ingredients to bowl with kernels.nCombine vinegar mixture to other ingredients.nUsing the back of a knife scrape the milk from the leftover cobs in the bowl with rest of ingredients.nToss all ingredients together.nCan be served room temp or chilled., ingredients: [3 or 4 ears of corn husk removed, 1 can drained kidney beans, 1 can drained white beans, 1 can drained cannellini beans, 34 c olive oil  2 tbsp for brushing corn, 12 c fine chopped red onion, 12 white wine vinegar, 13 c sugar, 2 12 tsp kosher salt, 1 tsp black pepper, 14 c chopped cilantro, 2 tsp minced oregano leaves, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Grilled Corn and Bean Salad, picturelink: zwfFxjTK8UbnRFSdKY0n5Fnv584h0Rq}, 32021: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 to 16 skewers if wooden, soak in water for 15 to 20 minutesnFor the Chicken Satay: Combine the first 8 ingredients to coat chicken. Let marinate for 2 hours. Skewer 3 to 4 cubes of chicken per stick. Sprinkle chicken with sesame seeds. Set aside before grilling.nFor the Papaya Salad: Cut papaya in half, seed and skin. Cut papaya into quarters, then cut into thin slices. Squeeze the lime juice over the papaya and arrange on plate over mixed greens.nFor the Hoisin Balsamic Vinaigrette: Combine the first set of ingredients in blender. With blender on, emulsify by adding oil slowly until well blended. Add salt, sugar and pepper, to taste. Set aside., ingredients: [4 to 6 large chicken breast, cut into 1inch cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 8 ounces hoisin sauce found in international section in grocery store, 4 to 5 cloves minced garlic, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cooking sherry, 12 to 16 skewers if wooden, soak in water for 15 to 20 minutes, 12 cup roasted white and black sesame seeds, 1 ripened papaya, 12 lime, juiced, Mixed greens, 12 cup fresh large diced tomatoes, 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 small Maui sweet onion  sliced, 2 cloves garlic, 4 6 sprigs fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, Freshly cracked pepper], title: Onolishious: Grilled Sesame Chicken Satay Papaya Salad with Hoisin Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 32022: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish.nPut the sugar in a large bowl. Melt the butter in a small skillet or in the microwave in a glass measuring cup. Stir the butter into the sugar until smooth, cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, in another medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking soda, and salt together.nBeat the eggs and vanilla into the sugar mixture. Add the flour mixture a bit at a time and mix until a smooth thick batter forms. Fold in the chips, as desired.nSpoon the batter to the prepared dish and spread to evenly fill the dish. Bake until the blondies are light brown around the edges and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool slightly. Invert onto a rack and cool completely. Cut into squares and serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 cup unsalted butter, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, About 1 12 cups butterscotch, semisweet chocolate, peanut butter, or white chocolate chips, optional], title: Blondies, picturelink: null}, 32023: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 4by8inch loaf pan.nIn a small saucepan, combine the pineapple juice and 12 cup water over medium heat until the mixture reaches 105 degrees F. Immediately transfer the liquid to the mixing bowl of a heavyduty mixer with a dough hook attachment. Add the brown sugar sprinkle the yeast on top and let stand for 5 minutes.nOn low speed, mix in the dry milk powder, salt and cinnamon. Continue to mix, adding the egg and butter. Slowly incorporate the 2 12 cups flour. Raise the speed to medium. Add the carrots, coconut, macadamia nuts and pineapple tidbits.nContinue to knead in the mixer on medium speed until all ingredients are completely incorporated, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining flour as needed until the dough is slightly sticky, but not sticking to the bowl.nForm the dough into a ball. Cover with plastic wrap or a clean kitchen towel and set aside in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, about 5 minutes.nRoll the ball out slightly, then flip over and use a rolling pin to flatten the dough out completely in order to remove the air from the doughs first rising.nRoll the dough into a loaf shape, pulling back as you roll to tighten the loaf. Seal the ends and the seams in the dough thoroughly with your fingers.nFirmly press the dough into the prepared pan. Let the dough rise in the pan, in a warm place, until the top of the dough reaches 1inch above the pan, about 20 minutes, depending on the temperature of the dough and the room. Gently place the pan in the oven and bake until the bread is firm and the crust is golden brown, about 45 minutes.nGently remove the loaf from the pan and let cool on a rack. Serve slices with butter and preserves, or use in place of plain bread for a tropical take on sandwiches or French toast., ingredients: [12 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons instant yeast, 18 cup dry milk powder, 12 tablespoon salt, 34 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 egg, 1 ounce butter, melted, 2 12 cups flour plus 34 cup as needed, 12 cup grated carrots, 12 cup shredded coconut, 12 cup macadamia nuts, 12 cup canned pineapple tidbits, Butter and preserves, for serving], title: Luau Bread, picturelink: null}, 32024: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill on medium to high heat.nSeason the sole fillets with the sea salt and brush the fillets with olive oil. Grill each fillet until it begins to flake. Remove from the grill.nLay out each grilled tortilla. Place each leaf of iceberg on top of the tortilla. Layer the grilled sole on next. Place the cooked lobster meat on each taco. Then sprinkle on the epazote and serranos over each taco. Add tomato slices and scallions in layers. Spoon the TequilaLime Salsa over each taco. Fold the leaves and tortilla around the filling and serve.nIn a mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients. Season with the salt. Refrigerate 30 minutes before use.nYield: about 3 cups of salsa, ingredients: [1 pound sole fillets, skinned, Sea salt, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 flour tortillas, grilled, 4 large iceberg lettuce leaves, 1 2 pound lobster, boiled, meat removed and chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh epazote, chopped fresh cilantro may be substituted, 2 tablespoons serranos, minced, 1 Roma tomatoes, sliced into rings, 12 cup scallions, cut thin on bias, 1 12 cups TequilaLime Salsa, recipe follows, 2 ounces tequila, 12 ear corn, grilled and kernels cut from cob, 1 avocado, diced, 3 limes, juiced, 12 cup tomatoes, diced, 14 cup white onions, diced, 12 jalapeno, seeds removed and minced, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, Sea salt], title: Baja Beach Tacos with TequilaLime Salsa, picturelink: null}, 32025: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the chile and garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool a couple of minutes.nHalve the bread across horizontally and toast or char.nHalve the tomato across horizontally and rub the flesh vigorously into the toasted surface of the bread and season with salt, to taste. If you are garnishing with anchovies skip the salt. Dress the tomato bread with chile oil and garnish with capers, olives and anchovies, if using. Cut into serving portions and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red chile, chopped or thinly sliced, 1 large clove garlic, thinly sliced, 1 round loaf crusty bread with or without sesame seeds, 1 large ripe tomato, Salt, 2 tablespoonfuls capote capers or sliced caper berries, A scant handful pitted black olives, coarsely chopped, 8 thin anchovy fillets, drained, optional], title: Italian Style Tomato Bread, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 32026: {instructions: Combine the oats and salt in a pot and stir to combine. Add the boiling water and milk and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes on low, without stirring, then stir and cook for 5 minutes more. Serve with toasted pecans, golden raisins and brown sugar if desired., ingredients: [2 cups steelcut oats, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups boiling water, 1 cup milk, warmed, Toasted pecans, for topping, optional, Golden raisins, for topping, optional, Pinch light brown sugar, for topping, optional], title: SteelCut Oats, picturelink: HyjTRk337cXZv0bq818Ko82D.OHiQDy}, 32027: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees.nWash all of the vegetables, drain and dry.nSlice the tomatoes into rounds 14inch thick. Cut the potatoes, leaving the skin on, into equally sized rounds. Peel the onion, leaving whole, cut into thin round slices.nCut the pepper in half, remove and discard the seeds and ribs, and cut into a thin julienne.nLeave the skin on the eggplant and cut into thin round slices.nTrim the top of the fennel bulb and slice the fennel on a vegetable slicer into thin slices beginning at the base and continuing up to the top.nUsing a large ceramic vegetable gratin dish, brush the bottom of the dish with some of the olive oil. Lay the sliced tomatoes on the bottom of the dish in single layer overlapping where necessary. Season this and each succeeding layer of vegetables with salt and pepper as you go to ensure balanced flavors.nLay the potatoes on top of the tomatoes, season and continue with a layer of onion.nCombine the peppers and lay the peppers over the onion layer. Next add a layer of eggplant and finally a layer of thinly sliced fennel remembering to carefully season each vegetable layer.nDrizzle 3 tablespoons of olive oil over the top layer of vegetables and place the dish into the oven. Bake for 45 minutes.nWhile the gratin is baking, combine the remaining olive oil with the garlic, mint, bread crumbs, cheese and season with a fresh grind of black pepper. After the vegetables have cooked for 45 minutes, remove from the oven, sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the top and return to the oven for another 15 minutes or until the top browns to a golden color., ingredients: [1 pound fresh plum tomatoes, 12 pound large red bliss potatoes, 1 large red onion, 1 large red peppers, 1 large yellow pepper, 12 pound small Italian eggplants, 1 large fennel bulb, 13 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 fresh mint leaves, 1 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mediterranean Mixed Vegetable Gratin, picturelink: null}, 32028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nWarm the olive oil in a heavy bottom skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the artichoke hearts, parsley, salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes and cook until the artichoke hearts are starting to brown at the edges, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth and wine and simmer for 3 minutes. Transfer the artichoke mixture to a 2quart baking dish.nMelt the butter in the same skillet used to cook the artichokes. In a small bowl mix the melted butter with the bread crumbs. Stir in the Parmesan and top the artichokes with the bread crumbs. Bake until the top is golden, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 pound frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup chicken broth, 14 cup Marsala wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup plain bread crumbs, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Artichoke Gratinata, picturelink: DuGRRavUQ1apAl4xZ5ws7u6PeihH2}, 32029: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, saute the onions in the bourbon until soft.nBring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. While the water heats, fill a large bowl with ice water and put a strainer in it. Drop the green beans into the boiling water and cook until crisp tender. Remove from the pot and immediately plunge the green beans into the ice bath to stop the cooking. Drain well.nToss the shiitakes with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and spread across a baking sheet. Roast for 8 minutes and remove.nReduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Toss the halved tomatoes with oil, salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet cutside up and bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Reserve for garnish.nCoat the kale with oil, salt and pepper. Bake in the oven with the tomatoes until crispy, about 20 minutes. Reserve for garnish.nIn a small pot, heat the mushroom broth over medium heat until just under a simmer.nWhile it heats, melt the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook until golden brown, stirring constantly, about 4 minutes. Slowly add the heated mushroom broth to the butter and flour mixture, whisking constantly. Cook until it starts to boil. Add the goat cheese, cream, thyme and some salt and pepper. Toss the green beans and mushrooms in the warm sauce.nGrease a 9 by 13inch casserole dish. Layer the dish with cooked rice and top with the green bean mixture. Cover with the breadcrumbs and bake for 15 minutes. If additional browning is desired after baking, place under the broiler. Top with the roasted tomatoes and crispy kale. Eat. Oh green bean casserole really is wonderful, ingredients: [1 sweet yellow onion, sliced, 4 ounces bourbon, Kosher salt, 3 pounds green beans, snapped and cut in half, 2 ounces shiitake mushroom, sliced, Olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 bunch kale, stems removed, 4 cups mushroom broth, 2 ounces butter, plus more to grease dish, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 8 ounces goat cheese, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, 1 cup cooked rice, 4 ounces breadcrumbs], title: Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: XoNJfD3ocExJ.f8waXX0zilrWg3iQgK}, 32030: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the shallots, wine, salt, and vinegar. Bring to a boil and cook until the liquid has been reduced to about 2 tablespoons.nRemove the pan from the heat and cool slightly. The liquid should be warm enough to incorporate the butter but not hot enough to liquefy it.nWhisk the butter, 1 piece at a time, into the wine mixture until the mixture is well blended and creamy. If the mixture becomes too cool and the butter will not incorporate, return the pan to a low flame for 1 to 2 minutes. Do not melt butter.nTop oysters with a dollop of butter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced shallots, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces, 18 oysters, shucked], title: Oysters with Magenta Butter, picturelink: null}, 32031: {instructions: For the lobster, remove meat from shell and submerge in butter over high heat. Cook at 160 degrees F to 190 degrees F for about 8 minutes until meat is tender and almost cooked. Cut in 1ounce medallions and allow to cool and season with salt and pepper.nFor the foie gras mousse, sear foie gras for 40 seconds on each side. In a food processor, mix foie gras, heavy cream. Add truffle oil, salt and pepper and mix on high. Place in piping bag.nFor Calvados beurre blanc sauce, add oil, and saute the shallots, garlic, lemon grass, kaffir leaves and apples into a large stock pot and delgaze with Calvados. Add thyme and parsley stems, reduce for 10 minutes. Add veal stock and reduce. Add cream and salt and pepper. Finish off with the butter and combine until smooth. Add lemon zest and strain through fine mesh.nFor pear and apple confit, mince pear and apple and marinate in remaining ingredients. Season with salt and pepper.nFor garnish, dredge lotus chips in potato flour and deepfry to golden brown and drain.nTo assemble, cut puff pastry to 2inch rounds and brush with egg wash. Place in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 12 minutes, allow to cool, and cut them in half. Pipe foie gras mousse onto puff pastry and place 1ounce lobster on top. Ladle beurre blanc sauce on top with pear and apple confit. Drizzle port reduction and garnish with 1 lotus root chip and chive spear. Line chaffing dish with rice noodles and place appetizer on top.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [13 8ounce whole Maine lobster tails, 8 pounds unsalted European butter recommended: Plugra, 100 2inch puff pastry rounds, 4 ounces egg wash, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 8 pounds Grade A foie gras, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 ounce truffle oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon shallots, 1 tablespoon garlic, 4 lemongrass, bottoms of stalk, 3 Kaffir lime leaves, 1 Fuji apple diced, 6 cups Calvados premium liquor, Thyme sprigs, Parsley sprigs, 4 cups veal stock, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 pounds unsalted European butter recommended: Plugra, Lemon zest, to taste, 5 Bosc pear, minced, 5 Fuji apple, minced, 12 cup sherry, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 ounces Port wine reduction, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, Vegetable oil, 100 Lotus chips, 100 chive spears, Rice noodles, for serving], title: Dancing Land and Sea, picturelink: null}, 32032: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Fill a medium bowl with water and add ice. Add the lobster tails to the boiling water and boil until just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. With tongs, transfer the lobster to the ice water retain the cooking water. When cool, drain the lobster tails, crack the shells, and remove the meat. Quarter the meat and set aside.nReturn the water in the pot to a boil. Add the shrimp, and cook until just done, 3 to 5 minutes. Check the shrimp after 3 minutes they must not overcook. Drain the shrimp and transfer immediately to the ice water. When cold, drain on paper towels and peel.nIn a small bowl, combine the wasabi, soy sauce, lemon juice, and sugar and whisk to blend. Whisk in the oil to make a light emulsion. In a large bowl, combine the crabmeat, lobster meat, shrimp, mizuna, and tomatoes. Add the dressing, season with the salt and pepper, and toss to blend.nDivide the salad among 4 plates. Garnish with the daikon sprouts and serve., ingredients: [2 fresh lobster tails, 12 large shrimp, deveined, 2 tablespoons freshly grated wasabi, or 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish mixed with 2 teaspoons wasabi past, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup canola oil, 14 pound lump crabmeat, picked over, 4 cups mizuna or tatsoi lettuce, or 2 cups mesclun plus 2 cups watercress, 4 plum or 2 large tomatoes, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces daikon sprouts, for garnish], title: Wasabi Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 32033: {instructions: Combine the milk, onion, bay leaf, cloves and nutmeg in a heavygauge, noncorrosive saucepan over medium heat. In a separate pan create a roux by cooking the butter and flour for a few minutes, stirring continuously, without browning, until it emits a nutty aroma. Remove from the heat. When the milk is fairly hot, pour a small amount of it into the cooled down roux, stirring until the milk is thoroughly blended. Return this to the remaining milk, and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from heat and season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. Whisk in mustard and cover with a piece of plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming.nHeat the grill to medium heat. Prepare the tortillas by laying 1 or 2 slices of cheese on top of each and set aside briefly. Slowly cook the bratwurst over medium heat, turning as needed to prevent them from getting charred. They tend to split when the heat is too high. When they are browned and cooked through, which takes 10 to 15 minutes, transfer them to the cheese lined tortillas, and roll up the bratwursts so that the cheese will melt and hold everything together. Place the rolled bratwursts in a skillet over medium heat, allowing the tortillas to toast slightly. Serve with mustard sauce., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 12 9inch flour tortillas, 14 pound sliced American cheese, 12 bratwursts], title: Tortilla Wrapped Bratwurst with Mustard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32034: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a saucepan and add chopped onion. Saute until soft. Add orange juice, orange zest, turmeric, clove and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil. Stir in couscous, cover and turn off heat. Let sit covered for 5 minutes. Remove lid and fluff with a fork. Gently stir in almonds and scallions., ingredients: [1 Tbs. olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup couscous, 1 tsp. turmeric, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 whole clove, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 Tbs. orange zest, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup toasted, slivered almonds, salt and pepper], title: Toasted Almond and Orange Couscous, picturelink: null}, 32035: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tortillas and cook, flipping a few times, until golden, about 3 minutes. Remove with tongs and transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Add the onion to the skillet and cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cayenne and cook 30 seconds. Add the pork and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, chiles and corn. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Season with salt. Remove from the heat and stir in the cilantro. Arrange half of the tortillas in the bottom of a 9to10inch pie plate. Top with half of the meat mixture, then half of the cheese. Repeat with the remaining tortillas, meat and cheese. Cover loosely with foil and bake until the cheese melts, about 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 corn tortillas, halved, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 34 pound ground pork, Kosher salt, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 4.25ounce cans chopped green chiles, 1 cup frozen corn, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup shredded mozzarella preferably reduced sodium], title: Taco Pie, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 32036: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 small skewers or toothpicksnHull the strawberries, set aside 4 whole, small berries and quarter the rest. Add the quartered strawberries to a large pitcher. Set aside 8 blueberries and add the remainder of the cup to the pitcher. Top with the cold water and allow it to sit for 30 minutes in the refrigerator.nOn 4 small skewers or toothpicks, thread 1 blueberry, then a strawberry, followed by 1 more blueberry. Set aside until ready to serve.nPour the spa water into four 16ounce water glasses filled with ice. Serve garnished with the fruit skewers., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, 1 cup blueberries, 10 cups cold water], title: Spa Water, picturelink: VXWgngRGBMLbzNNvgqE8PtU4Cps3bi}, 32037: {instructions: Special equipment: Waffle iron preferably Belgian stylenPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep cooked waffles warm. Sift together the flour, cocoa powder and 18 teaspoon salt in a small bowl set aside.nCombine half the chocolate and the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring until melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Stir in the sugar and eggs. Add the flour mixture and remaining chocolate and stir until just combined.nLightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with butter. Fill the waffle iron about threequarters of the way full some waffle iron should still be showing. Close the lid gently and cook until the waffles are cooked through and slightly crispy around the edges, 4 to 6 minutes. Keep the cooked waffles warm in a 200 degrees F oven or covered with foil on a plate while you make the remaining waffles.nTop each waffle with ice cream, whipped cream, caramel sauce, sprinkles and a cherry, if desired., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, Fine salt, 4 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for brushing waffle iron, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, Vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, caramel sauce, sprinkles and maraschino cherries, for topping], title: Waffled Brownie Sundae, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 32038: {instructions: Combine the grape and raspberry apple juice and chill. Using the mixed juice, fill ice cube trays and put 1 blueberry in each compartment. Just before serving add the soda to the fruit juice and the ice cubes., ingredients: [1 32ounce bottle purple grape juice, 1 32ounce bottle raspberry apple juice, Blueberries, 1 16ounce bottle lemonlime soda], title: Bug Juice, picturelink: null}, 32039: {instructions: For the crema: Combine the yogurt, lime zest and juice, cilantro and adobo sauce in a small bowl, stirring well to combine. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nFor the quesadillas: Preheat a grill pan and spray with nonstick spray.nSoak the onions in the jalapeno juice about 10 minutes. Drain.nIn a large bowl, mix together the jalapenos, onions, pork and cheese. Divide the mix on top of 2 tortilla rounds. Top each with another tortilla round. Spray the round with olive oil and place face down onto the grill. Grill until the cheese is melted and the tortillas begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook an additional 3 minutes. Remove the quesadillas from the grill pan, cut each into quarters and serve with the crema.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Using a pastry brush, spread the mixture all over the pork shoulder.nSet the meat on a rack set into a roasting pan. Roast for 20 minutes, and then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. Continue to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the shoulder reads 185 degrees F, about 4 hours. Remove the pork from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat Greek yogurt, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons chipotle en adobo sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped pickled jalapenos, juices reserved, 2 cups shredded Simple Roasted Pork Shoulder, recipe follows, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack or Mexican blend cheese, Nonstick olive oil spray, 4 large whole wheat tortillas or white, corn or sundried tomato, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 pound pork shoulder], title: Funked Out Pork Quesadilla, picturelink: EffNdXlgOqA8UioNy3ywzgM494BXuEG}, 32040: {instructions: To make the rosemaryale jus, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium sized saucepan, over mediumlow heat whisk in beef broth, beer, garlic, rosemary, onion powder and 14 teaspoon pepper, and allow to simmer.nIn a large cast iron skillet, melt 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. Stir in onion, apple, salt and the additional 14 teaspoon pepper, and cook for 7 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently, until light golden brown and tender remove from skillet and set aside.nDivide pastrami equally between 4 slices of bread top with apples and onions, and white Cheddar cheese. Top with remaining bread slices.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet place 2 sandwiches in pan, place the bottom of a heavy skillet on top, and press down to flatten. Cook for 2 minutes, flip, press down with heavy skillet again, and cook an additional 2 minutes, or until crisp. Repeat process with remaining 1 tablespoon butter and additional 2 sandwiches slice sandwiches in half, diagonally. Divide rosemaryale jus into 4 small bowls, and serve with panini for dipping., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 34 cups beef broth, 34 cup dark beer, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 2 12 cups thinly sliced yellow onion, 1 12 cups thinly sliced apple, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces shaved pastrami, 8 slices pumpernickel bread, 4 ounces thinly sliced sharp white Cheddar], title: Pumpernickel Pastrami Panini with RosemaryAle Jus, picturelink: null}, 32041: {instructions: Combine ingredients and mix until blended., ingredients: [12 cup light sour cream, 1 tablespoon wasabi paste], title: Wasabi Sour Cream, picturelink: spO413eRmE3F3AM3YXXv5oF4ReiT1za}, 32042: {instructions: Season beef with salt and pepper and place it into a ziptop bag.nIn the bowl of a food processor combine herbs, garlic, red pepper and process until chopped fine but not pureed. Scrape mixture out into a large measuring cup. Add olive oil, vinegar and lime juice and stir until combined. Pour about 1 cup into a small serving bowl and reserve for later. Pour the rest over the beef in the zip top bag. Seal and marinate in the fridge for at least 2 hours.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove meat from ziptop bag and place onto hot grill. Discard marinade. Grill 56 minutes per side until desired doneness. Remove from grill, loosely tent with foil and let rest for 510 minutes. Slice meat across grain into long strips and serve with reserved chimichurri sauce and crusty bread., ingredients: [2 lbs. beef skirt steak, 68 peeled garlic cloves, 1 bunch parsley, washed and stemmed, 14 cup fresh oregano leaves, pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 23 cup olive oil, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 Tbs. fresh squeezed lime juice, salt and pepper to taste], title: Grilled Skirt Steak with Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 32043: {instructions: In a small saucepan over high heat, reduce the wine until 1 to 2 tablespoons remain. Let cool.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, reduced wine, and olive oil and, season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Place the frisee, radicchio, persimmon slices, pear slices, and figs in a bowl.nAdd the vinaigrette and gently toss together. Place on individual salad plates. Garnish with pomegranate seeds and walnut halves and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup dry Riesling or Gewurztraminer, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large bunches frisee, ends trimmed, 1 small head radicchio, torn into 2inch pieces, 1 Fuyu persimmon, cut into thin slices, 1 Red Bartlett pear, halved, cored, and cut into thin slices, 6 figs, halved, 1 small pomegrante, peeled, seeds removed and separated, 12 cup walnut halves, toasted], title: Salad of Frisee, Radicchio, Pears, Pomegranate and Persimmons, picturelink: null}, 32044: {instructions: Brush asparagus with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes, until just cooked through. Cut on the bias into 12inch pieces. Set aside.nUse side burner or preheat grill. Have stock simmering on grill or burner Heat the oil in a medium saucepan, add the onions and shallots and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the oil. Add the wine and completely reduce. Begin adding the stock 1 cup at a time, stir until absorbed. Repeat with the remaining stock and continue cooking until al dente. Fold in the asparagus, corn and peas and season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and fold in the basil. Serve with Parmesan cheese on the side., ingredients: [6 stalks asparagus, trimmed, 14 cup olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 to 7 cups simmering vegetable stock, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup fresh peas, 8 basil leaves, chiffonade, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Grilled Risotto Primavera, picturelink: null}, 32045: {instructions: Cut off the leaves from the beets leaving 1 inch of stem attached. Do not trim the taproot. Scrub the beets to remove any dirt. Put them in a large saucepan and cover with cold water by about 2 inches. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, cover, and simmer until fork tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain.nWhen cool enough to handle, trim, and peel the beets. Slice into rounds and toss in a medium bowl with the onion.nIn a small saucepan bring the sugar, vinegar, water, and salt to a boil. Stir to dissolve the sugar and salt and immediately pour over the beets and onion. Refrigerate overnight before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds medium fresh beets, about 2 bunches with tops, 1 medium red, halved and sliced, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup white wine, tarragon, or cider vinegar, 13 cup water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Pickled Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 32046: {instructions: Brew the tea: Bring 8 cups of water to a boil and as soon as it does, remove from the heat and add the tea bags. Let steep for 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags dont squeeze them and let the brewed tea cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, make simple syrup: Bring 12 cup of water and the sugar to a boil, stirring, until all of the sugar is dissolved. Pour into a large pitcher and let cool to room temperature.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh or heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Arrange the peach wedges on the grill on cook until nicely charred, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Grill the lemon halves, cutside down, until charred, about 3 minutes.nAdd the grilled peach wedges and mint to the simple syrup in the pitcher. Squeeze in the juice from the grilled lemons. Use a potato masher or muddler to smash the peach wedges and mint really well. Pour in the cooled brewed tea, stir to combine and then refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. The longer it sits the more the flavors will develop. Serve over ice., ingredients: [16 black tea bags, 12 cup sugar, 1 large ripe peach, halved, pitted and cut into 14inchthick wedges, 1 lemon, halved, 12 small bunch mint, torn into pieces], title: Grilled Peach Iced Tea, picturelink: aUF7EeaQ3M5Cn1T.wUbnogZbWHeqsqu}, 32047: {instructions: Make the jerk sauce: Whisk the lemon juice, olive oil, jarred jerk sauce, Cajun seasoning and red pepper flakes in a bowl until combined. Stir in the bell pepper, jalapeno and garlic cover and refrigerate overnight.nMake the vegetables: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the carrots, zucchini and bell pepper, season with salt and cook, tossing occasionally, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add 14 cup of the prepared jerk sauce and cook until the vegetables are glazed, 1 to 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nGrill the burgers: Preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with canola oil. Form the beef into four 34inchthick patties and season generously with salt and pepper. Grill about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Meanwhile, lightly toast the buns on the grill.nServe the burgers on the buns top with the sauteed vegetables.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup fresh lemon juice from 2 to 3 lemons, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup jarred jerk sauce, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 to 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes, 1 small red bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 large jalapeno pepper, seeded and finelychopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 carrots, cut into 3inch sticks, 1 medium zucchini, cut into 3inch sticks, 1 small red bell pepper, cut into 3inch strips, Kosher salt, Canola oil, for the grill, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 sesame hamburger buns, split], title: Caribbean Burger, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 32048: {instructions: Special equipment: six 6ounce ramekinsnFor the pots de creme: Preheat the oven to 280 degrees F. In a medium pot set over high heat, scald the cream and milk the mixture should be just about to boil, then remove from the heat. Whisk the sugar and yolks in a bowl until light and frothy, 1 minute. Temper the yolks by pouring some of the hot cream over the yolks slowly and whisking vigorously. Then pour the yolk mixture into the cream and do not return to the stovetop. Add the rum, vanilla and chocolate, and whisk slowly until the chocolate melts and is completely incorporated. Pour the mixture into six 6ounce ramekins and bake in a water bath until the creme is set, about 1 hour.nCool in the refrigerator until cold, overnight.nFor the butterscotch: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan and set over mediumhigh heat. Add the brown sugar and stir to dissolve. Cook until the sugar thickens and reaches the softball stage, a candy thermometer will read 235 degrees F, the sugar will just start to darken in color. Whisk the cream and salt in slowly, being careful as the cream will steam and the sugar mixture may clump. Keep whisking and cooking until smooth. Remove from the heat and add enough food coloring to make the sauce bloodynServe the pots de creme drizzled with some of the bloody butterscotch., ingredients: [1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup whole milk, 12 to 34 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons spiced rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 ounces dark chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Red food coloring], title: Spicy Chocolate Pots de Creme with Bloody Butterscotch, picturelink: 7m8YKUEag0QDY36a8x3haoREQnPEmC}, 32049: {instructions: Brush corn with a little oil and place it on the grill for 10 minutes. Once corn is cooked and slightly cooled, cut kernels off and place into a medium bowl. Add diced tomato, diced red onion, mixed greens, parsley, lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Toss to mix well., ingredients: [2 ears corn, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 14 cup red onion, finely diced, 1 cup mixed greens, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 1 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Corn Salad, picturelink: KMMwlpgGVCt1CQmCjmB0rZzyaxZ8qaG}, 32050: {instructions: Combine fennel, endive and reserved fennel fronds in a large mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the wine, citrus juice, sugar, shallot, salt, pepper, and oil until combined. Toss fennel and endive with dressing. Toss in the toasted walnut halves and crumbled blue cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large heads fennel, core removed, fronds reserved, and thinly sliced, 3 large endives, core removed, and thinly sliced, 13 cup dry rose wine, preferably Provencalstyle, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 small orange, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons sugar preferably superfine, 1 large shallot, finely minced, A couple pinches salt, 10 grinds freshly ground black pepper, 13 to 12 cup safflower or canola oil, 1 to 1 12 cups walnuts halves, toasted, 4 ounces Danish or other mild blue cheese], title: Fennel and Endive Salad with Rose Vinaigrette, picturelink: Sy6PCT3eJMDfRx28ZuiHlxvL6dlk3W}, 32051: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together the juices and salt and pepper to taste. Add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the vinaigrette until it is emulsified. On each of 8 chilled salad plates arrange some of the onion slices, and 2 orange slices, drizzle the vinaigrette over the salads, and sprinkle the salads with the chives., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 13 cup olive oil, 2 heads of Boston lettuce, separated into leaves, rinsed and spun dry, 1 red onion, cut into thin rounds, soaked in ice and cold water for 1 hour, and patted dry, 4 navel oranges, rind and pith cut away with a serrated knife and the flesh cut crosswise into 4 rounds, 3 tablespoons snipped chives], title: Boston Lettuce, Orange and Onion Salad with Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32052: {instructions: Arrange sponge cake on serving dish. Remove lid from lemon curd jar and heat in microwave 30 seconds on high to warm and loosen. Fill cakes with curd sauce. Top curd sauce with berries, whipped cream and lemon zest., ingredients: [4 small individual sponge cakes, sold in packages of 6 on baking aisle, 1 jar prepared lemon curd, any brand, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced, 1 canister whipped cream, 2 teaspoons lemon zest], title: BLCC: Berries, Lemon Curd Cakes, picturelink: 3vsuqcq0yLYjGrltVtdhoNW9eTsVq..}, 32053: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Toss in the smashed garlic and crushed red pepper and bring the pan to a medium heat. When the garlic becomes golden brown and very aromatic, remove it from the pan and discard it. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the onions, fennel and Swiss chard stems, stir to coat with the oil and season with salt, to taste. Stir in the white wine and the lemon zest and juice. Cover and cook over medium heat until the veggies have become soft and wilted but still maintain some texture, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the lid and cook until most of the liquid has reduced, another 3 to 4 minutes. Toss in the Swiss chard leaves, stir to combine and season with salt, to taste. When the leaves have wilted but still look vibrantly green, taste for seasoning. Reseason if needed it probably will. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nIts spring greens, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 3 small spring onions, julienned, 2 small fennel bulbs, thinly sliced on a mandoline, 1 bunch white Swiss chard, stems cut into 12inch lengths, leaves cut into 1inch lengths, leaves and stems reserved separately, Kosher salt, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 Meyer lemon, zested on a microplane and juiced, zest and juice reserved separately], title: Braised Spring Onions, Fennel and Swiss Chard, picturelink: null}, 32054: {instructions: Cut the limes into small pieces and reserve 4 slices for garnish. Strain the juice from the pineapple slices and combine with the reserved pineapple juice. Set aside 4 pineapple slices for garnish and roughly chop the remainder.nIn a pitcher muddle the limes and stir in the sugar. Add the chopped pineapple, and muddle a bit more. Stir in the pineapple juice and 1 cup water. Add tequila, if desired.nServe in ice filled glasses garnished with pineapple and lime slices., ingredients: [4 limes, 1 20ounce can pineapple slices, Reserved pineapple juice from Chicken Burritos with Pineapple Salsa recipe, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 4 ounces tequila, optional], title: Pineapple Limeade, picturelink: null}, 32055: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a saucepan, heat the milk, butter, salt, pepper, and nutmeg over medium heat, until scalded. Add the flour all at once and beat it vigorously with a wooden spoon until the mixture comes together. Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat for 2 minutes. The flour will begin to coat the bottom of the pan. Dump the hot mixture into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Immediately add the eggs, Gruyere, and Parmesan and pulse until the eggs are incorporated and the dough is smooth and thick.nSpoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large plain round tip. Pipe in mounds 1 14 inches wide and 34inch high onto the baking sheets. With a wet finger, lightly press down the swirl at the top of each puff. You can also use 2 spoons to scoop out the mixture and shape the puffs with damp fingers. Brush the top of each puff lightly with egg wash and sprinkle with a pinch of Gruyere. Bake for 15 minutes, or until golden brown outside but still soft inside., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 extralarge eggs, 12 cup grated Gruyere, plus extra for sprinkling, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water, for egg wash], title: Cheese Puffs, picturelink: null}, 32056: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut a thin slice from the bottom of each strawberry so the berries stand upright. Place berries, cut side down, on a serving platter. Carefully cut the berries into 4 wedges, cutting almost to, but not through, the bottoms with a crisscross cut. Fan wedges just slightly, taking care not to break them. Set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, beat together the cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla until combined but still stiff. Using a teaspoon or pastry bag with decorative tip, fill the strawberries with the cream cheese mixture. Sprinkle chopped pecans on top of the stuffed strawberries. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [20 whole large strawberries, hulled, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup confectioners powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla or almond extract, 23 cup chopped pecans], title: Cream Cheese and Pecan Stuffed Berries, picturelink: 2cVmxitSOAIh3kvJe7qAL0wYmceBXuO}, 32057: {instructions: Special equipment: a ring moldnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut butter in a 4quart heavy bottom pan melt slowly. Add the shallots and sweat for 10 minutes. Add vinegar and white wine and reduce for 15 minutes. Pour in cream and reduce by half. Transfer to blender slowly add Cheddar while pulsing to heavy thickness. Hold warm.nIn a medium bowl, lightly whisk 2 egg whites. In a separate medium bowl, combine all dry ingredients.nFor the cake:nPlace noodles, bacon, and corn in a large bowl toss with fonduta until well coated. Place mixture in a shallow baking dish. Place a weight on top of it e.g. another baking dish and press for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Once set, ring mold 5 cakes. Dip top of each cake in egg white, then into breading. In a nonstick pan, melt butter and olive oil until just crackling. Place cakes, bread side down on pan. Saute 4 minutes place in oven for 8 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Keep warm.nFor the puree:nMelt 4 ounces of butter. Saute shallots 5 minutes. Add celery root and milk and cook over medium heat for 20 minutes. Drain and place celery root in a blender. Add the remaining 4 ounces of butter and blend until smooth adding the cream, as needed. Season truffles with salt, pepper, and white truffle oil. Stir in truffles. Hold warm.nTo assemble:nPlace a pool of celery sauce on each plate. Place macaroni and cheese cake in center. Garnish with baby celery and chive oil., ingredients: [1 pound butter recommended: Plugra, 1 shallot, diced, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 2 cups good white wine, 1 quart heavy cream, 1 pound Vermont Cheddar, cubed, 2 egg whites, 2 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons diced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 pound elbow noodles, cooked al dente, 2 cups fresh corn, blanched, 8 ounces apple smoked bacon, chopped and rendered, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces butter, plus 4 ounces, 2 shallots, diced, 1 bulb celery root, peeled and diced, 3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, as needed, 3 teaspoons chopped truffles, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, White truffle oil, to taste, 5 baby celery ribs, 2 tablespoons chive oil], title: Vermont White Cheddar Mac N Cheese Cake, picturelink: null}, 32058: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Remove 1 tablespoon of the flavored oil and set aside. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the chicken broth, 4 cups water and the cheese rind, if using. Bring to a boil, then add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add the lentils along with the liquid from one of the cans reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the pasta is tender, 10 to 12 more minutes. Meanwhile, whisk 1 tablespoon parsley and 1 tablespoon water into the reserved flavored oil. Stir 14 cup parmesan and the remaining parsley into the soup remove the cheese rind if using and add salt to taste. Ladle into bowls drizzle with the flavored oil and top with the remaining 14 cup parmesan. Serve with bread, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus 1 piece cheese rind optional, 8 ounces orecchiette or other small pasta, 2 14ounce cans lentils 1 undrained 1 drained and rinsed, 13 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, Crusty bread, for serving optional], title: Pasta and Lentil Soup, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 32059: {instructions: Special equipment: Cooking gel or wick fuel small castiron mini cocotte wooden skewersnHeat a double boiler over mediumlow heat. Add the chocolate and cream, and stir until melted. Stir in the whiskey.nPour the chocolate sauce into a bowl. Place the graham cracker crumbs in a small bowl. Place the cooking gel container into a castiron mini cocotte, light it and toast the marshmallows on sticks.nDip the marshmallows into the chocolate sauce, and then into the graham cracker crumbs., ingredients: [2 cups chopped quality dark chocolate, 13 cup organic whipping cream, 14 cup whiskey, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, Large marshmallows, for toasting], title: Boozy Smores Fondue, picturelink: null}, 32060: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToast the bread for about 5 minutes then set aside to cool.nCombine half the salmon and all the cream cheese in a blender or food processor and puree. Spread a thin layer of the cream cheese mixture on each slice of bread. Spoon the remaining spread into a piping bag fitted with a star tip, if desired.nTop each slice of bread with remaining smoked salmon. Using a 3inch oval cutter cut out about 16 sandwiches. Pipe rosettes of the cream cheese mixture onto each of the sandwiches, and then press parsley around the edge of each oval of bread.nArrange the sandwiches on 4 plates. Garnish the sandwiches with cucumber and salmon roe and serve., ingredients: [8 slices rye bread, 14 pound smoked salmon, sliced, 8 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 English cucumber, sliced or cut into fans, 14 cup salmon roe], title: Open Faced Salmon Sandwich, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 32061: {instructions: Tips before getting started: The ice water must have ice in it. The butter must be cut into small pieces.nTo make the dough: Stir the yogurt and the ice water strained of ice together in a small bowl and set aside.nPut the flour, cornmeal, sugar and salt in a large bowl, tossing them once or twice.nWork the butter into the flour mixture aiming for pieces that range in size from bread crumbs to small peas. The smaller pieces will make the dough tender, the larger ones will make it flaky.nSprinkle the yogurtwater mixture over the dough, one tablespoon at a time.nWith your hands, gather the curds of dough together. The dough will be soft. Do not overwork the dough. Divide the dough in half and shape into a disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least two hours or freeze up to one month.nTo bake:nPreheat oven to 400. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Put dough on a lightly floured work surface and roll in into an 8  inch circle about 18th inch thick. If its sticky, throw a little extra flour on it, your hands and the rolling pin. Transfer dough to baking sheet.nTop with any combination of sweet or savory ingredients. Leave a 23 inch border untopped. Fold uncovered border of dough up over the filling, allowing the dough to pleat as you work your way around the galette. The dough will pleat and fall naturally. Let it.nIf youre preparing a sweet or dessert galette, brush the crust with an egg wash and sprinkle with sugar just before baking.nBake 35 to 40 minutes or until pastry is golden and fruits are bubbly. Transfer baking sheet to a cooling rack and let stand ten minutes or so. Slide galette on to a serving dish. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons plain yogurt, 13 cup ice water, 1 cup all purpose flour, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Galette Dough, picturelink: null}, 32062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPress each slice of bread into the cup of a muffin tin. Brush with the melted butter. Bake until golden and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes.nPlace the chicken on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle lightly with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until golden and completely cooked through, about 50 minutes. Cool completely.nRemove the skin from the chicken. Shred the meat with a fork and then roughly chop. Add to a bowl with the grapes, mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, celery, and salt and pepper to taste and mix well. Divide the chicken salad among the toast cups., ingredients: [6 slices soft wheat bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 large bonein, skinon chicken breasts about 2 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup red seedless grapes, sliced in half, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 celery stalks, chopped], title: Chicken Salad in Toast Cups, picturelink: a9Pxj4GruR8jB1ruPhzv8sX072SD6}, 32063: {instructions: Heat a 5 12quart braising pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil to the pan and continue to heat. Using a paper towel, dry the chicken pieces well. Season all sides of the chicken with 1 12 teaspoons salt. Add the chicken to the hot pan skinside down, and cook until the skin is golden brown and the chicken releases easily from the pan, about 4 minutes. Flip the chicken and cook the other side until nicely browned, about 4 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside.nTo the hot pan, add the carrots, celery and onion. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the vegetables are fragrant and beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the hazelnut liqueur and balsamic vinegar to the pan and cook, scraping up all the brown bits that may have stuck to the bottom of the pan. Simmer until the liquid is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth, olives, figs and oregano. Nestle the chicken pieces into the vegetables skinside down and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes, flipping the chicken halfway through.nTransfer the braised chicken to a clean platter to rest. Simmer the sauce until reduced slightly, about 5 minutes. Pour the sauce over the chicken and sprinkle with the hazelnuts and parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, One 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup smashed Cerignola olives, 12 cup dried figs, quartered, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, 12 cup chopped, peeled hazelnuts, 14 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped], title: Hazelnut Chicken, picturelink: 8j.vb0lzM16n68BTJoHKURlCkag0NyG}, 32064: {instructions: Melt butter in small saucepan. Add remaining ingredients and simmer about three minutes. Spoon sauce over fish and cook fish in 375 degree oven for about 10 to 12 minutes or until done. Sprinkle with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 4 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon jerk seasoning, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup catsup, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley for garnish], title: Spicy Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32065: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFor the batter: Mix the flour, mustard, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Gradually add the beer while whisking the beer will make your batter crispier and more airy. Whisk until combined, then set the batter aside.nFor the cod: In a large deep skillet over medium heat, add enough oil to cover 1 inch of the skillet and heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nOn a large plate, combine the flour and 1 teaspoon salt. Season the fish strips with salt and pepper. Coat the fish in the flour mixture, then dip them into the beer batter. Fry in batches in the hot oil until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a rack for the excess oil to drain.nFor the Brussels sprouts slaw: In a bowl, add the olive oil, vinegar, chili oil, oregano and sugar and whisk to combine. Add the Brussels sprouts and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the tacos: Heat the tortillas directly over a gas burner until charred in spots but still pliable. Make the tacos with the warm tortillas and fish, then top with the crema, Brussels sprouts slaw, salsa, red onions and jalapeno., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dark Mexican beer, such as Dos Equis Ambar, Neutral oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds cod, cut into 5by12inch strips about 16 strips, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili oil, 12 teaspoon crumbled dry oregano, Pinch of sugar, 1 cup shredded Brussels sprouts or cabbage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, Mexican crema, for serving, Storebought pico de gallo salsa, for serving, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, Storebought pickled jalapenos in strips not crosswise, like for nachos], title: EnsenadaStyle Fish Tacos, picturelink: Ux48fZcdroK.gfLwe1eooY6UF0HX.rq}, 32066: {instructions: Preheat oven 400 degrees for 10 minutes. Add above ingredients as listed in layers except butter.nAdd top crust, make 3 slices in crust for steam...put butter pats in vents. Wet fingers with water  wash top of crust.nAdd aluminum sheet slices or crust protector for the edges. I use heavy old fashioned glass pie plate...the better to see what the crust is doing underneath.nBake at 400 degrees for about 1015 min. or until the bottom of crust is browned  not mushy. Lower heat to 350 degrees and cook about 2530 minutes longer to steam insides.nI have used butterscotch chips the same way, just lighten the sugar and honey., ingredients: [2 crusts for pie, 3 large CortlandMcIntosh apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 2 tbls. honey, darker the better, 1 tbls. dark brown sugar, crumbled, 3 pats of butter, 1 cup chocolate chips semisweet], title: ChocolateDosed Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 32067: {instructions: Cook tortellini according to directions, reserving u00bd cup water.nBrown sausage in a large nonstick skillet, stirring occasionally, 7 minutes. Add fennel, shallots and pepper flakes, stirring until softened, 4 minutes. Add wine simmer until evaporated slightly, 3 minutes.nAdd half  half and marinara simmer, 5 minutes. Add tortellini, Parmesan, basil and fennel fronds. Stir to coat. Adjust sauce with reserved pasta water.nDivide into serving bowls.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Two 9ounce packages Three Cheese Tortellini, 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, crumbled, 1 bulb fennel, cored, thinly sliced, u00bc cup chopped fronds, 1 shallot, halved, thinly sliced, u00bc to u00bd teaspoon crushed red pepper, u00bd cup white wine, 1 cup half  half, u00bd cup Buitoni marinara sauce, u00bc cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped basil], title: Three Cheese Tortellini with Sausage, Fennel and Tomato Cream, picturelink: YIpc.ohEhk0.r6Bu3otQdFDTQTzMN9u}, 32068: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the potatoes and bell pepper with the thyme, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a shallow baking dish. Transfer to the oven and roast until the potatoes are slightly tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the applesauce, sour cream and nutmeg in a small bowl and set aside.nPat the pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and sear until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes. Transfer the pork to the baking dish with the vegetables and continue to roast until a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, 15 to 20 more minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes before slicing. Serve with the roasted vegetables and creamy applesauce.nPer serving: Calories 373 Fat 12 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 84 mg Sodium 554 mg Carbohydrate 31 g Fiber 5 g Protein 34 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds small redskinned potatoes, halved, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup applesauce, 14 cup light sour cream, Dash of freshly grated nutmeg, 1 14 to 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 4 pieces], title: Roasted Pork and Potatoes With Creamy Applesauce, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 32069: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F and place a rack on the bottom shelf.nPlace 2 cups of the kimchi and the pear into the bowl of a food processor. Blend to a chunky puree.nDrain the liquid from the remaining kimchi into the food processor, and then chop into bitesize pieces.nCook the bacon in a large saute pan over medium heat until crispy and most of the fat has rendered, 12 to 15 minutes.nWhile the bacon is cooking, roll out the pizza dough. Cut a piece of parchment paper to fit the back of an inverted baking sheet. Place the baking sheet in the oven on the bottom shelf. Lightly dust the parchment with flour. Divide the dough in half, and then stretch or roll 1 piece of dough into an 11inch round directly on the parchment paper.nOnce the bacon is crispy, use a slotted spoon to transfer half of the bacon to a papertowellined plate to drain. Add the kimchi puree to the remaining bacon in the pan. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer, uncovered, until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon of the sesame oil. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble 1 pizza, spread half of the kimchi sauce on the dough, leaving a 12inch border. Sprinkle half of both cheeses over the kimchi sauce. Spread half of the chopped kimchi over the cheese. Brush the crust with half of the remaining sesame oil and sprinkle with half of the sesame seeds.nCarefully lift the parchment onto the heated baking sheet. Cook until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is bubbly, 8 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven. Allow to cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before serving. Sprinkle with half of the reserved bacon and garnish with some sliced scallions.nRepeat with the remaining ingredients to make 1 more pizza., ingredients: [3 12 cups prepared kimchi, 1 ripe pear, peeled, cored and roughly chopped about 12 cup, 8 slices bacon, cut in 12inch pieces, 1 pound storebought pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion greens, for garnish], title: Kimchi Pizza with Bacon, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 32070: {instructions: Saute garlic in sesame oil until golden. Add minced ginger, then the carrots and for saute 1 minute. Add the shiitake mushrooms and saute for 1 more minute. Then add the cabbage, soy, teriyaki and hoisin sauces. Remove from the fire and stir. Chill the mixture.nJust before making the rolls, add the duck to the vegetable mixture. Make the rolls by taking a wonton skin and placing 1 12 tablespoons of the duck and vegetable mixture in the middle of the skin and rolling it, tucking the ends in as you roll. Deep fry until golden brown., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon sesame seed oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 2 cups julienned carrots, 2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms, 2 cups julienned Napa cabbage, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce available in most supermarkets, 1 whole duck, roasted, meat julienned, 2 packages wonton skins], title: Duck Rolls with Spicy Slaw, picturelink: null}, 32071: {instructions: In separate batches, pulse the chuck and the sirloin in a food processor 10 times. Combine the chuck, sirloin, and kosher salt in a large bowl. Form the meat into 5ounce patties.nHeat a cast iron skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Place the hamburger patties in the pan. For mediumrare burgers, cook the patties for 4 minutes on each side. For medium burgers, cook the patties for 5 minutes on each side. Flip the burgers only once during cooking., ingredients: [8 ounces chuck, trimmed, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 8 ounces sirloin, trimmed, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Burger of the Gods, picturelink: null}, 32072: {instructions: Whisk the flour, herb mixture, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cut in the butter with a pastry blender until sandy. Stir in the buttermilk.nTurn out onto a floured piece of parchment paper. Pat into a 34inchthick rectangle.nCut the dough into rough 2inch squares with a large knife. Cover with plastic wrap.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup minced mixed fresh herbs and celery leaves, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk], title: Dumplings, picturelink: 6Q7HwsiwpLOLOv0FDhsieCJyXWdMMK}, 32073: {instructions: Boil 2 cups apple cider in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until reduced to 12 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low add 12 cup each apple jelly and maple syrup, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon allspice and 14 teaspoon nutmeg.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: AppleMaple Glaze, picturelink: 01uXCVnBGQKiTWvCDzPHtUNXyJ7Gs1y}, 32074: {instructions: Heat the butter in a soup pot and saute the onions until they are softened. Add the squash and apples and the ground ginger. Add the cider and stock, cover and cook until softened, about 25 minutes or longer. Blend the soup, thinning with additional stock if needed. Add heated milk or cream just before serving.nTIP:nVEGGIE SPAGHETTInHeres a great way to get your kids to eat squash Just pierce the stem end of a spaghetti squash with a knife or metal skewer, and place on roasting sheet. Roast at 350 for about an hour, open, and create strands by pulling away the flesh with your fork. Serve with butter and Parmesan cheese or tomato sauce, ingredients: [2 pounds butternut squash, peeled and cubed, 2 apples, peeled and cubed, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 cup apple cider, 2 cups vegetable stock, Milk or cream], title: Butternut Soup, picturelink: null}, 32075: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a large saucepan of cold water. Bring up to a boil, add a nice handful of salt and reduce to a simmer. Cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and cool.nAdd the potatoes, celery and onions to a large bowl. Whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, relish, sugar, smoked paprika and some salt and pepper in a separate bowl. Fold the dressing into the potatoes. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least 3 hours so the flavors can marry., ingredients: [4 large red potatoes , cubed about 3 pounds, Kosher salt, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 12 large sweet onion, finely chopped, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 heaping tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Paprika Potato Salad, picturelink: LVCejvTMWnpItQBuzn58x6.j5tzC.bi}, 32076: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides and in it saute the ham in batches, turning it once, for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until it is browned, and transfer it to a platter. Into the skillet pour the coffee and 12 cup boiling water and cook the mixture over high heat, scraping up the browned bits, for 2 minutes. Season the gravy with the hot pepper sauce and pepper and pour it over the ham slices. If desired, strain the gravy before pouring it over the ham. Serve ham and gravy with spoon bread or grits., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds baked Virginia ham, cut into 12inch thick slices, 14 cup brewed coffee, 12 cup boiling water, Hot pepper sauce to taste, Spoon bread or buttered cooked grits as an accompaniment if desired], title: Ham and RedEye Gravy, picturelink: null}, 32077: {instructions: Muddle the blackberries with 1 of the lime wedges in a cocktail shaker. Add the vodka and some ice and shake well. Strain into a copper mug filled with ice. Top off with ginger beer and garnish with the remaining lime wedge., ingredients: [3 blackberries, 2 lime wedges, 1 12 ounces vodka, 6 ounces ginger beer], title: Blackberry Mule, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 32078: {instructions: The steak should be about 2 inches thick, cut from some fine animal. Cut one end off the bread and remove as much center crumb as necessary to allow the steak and mushrooms to fit in snugly when cooked. Quickly sear the meat in a very hot pan, keeping the meat rare. Take from the fire and season well on both sides, then insert it into the hollowed loaf. Grill enough mushrooms to cover the meat and place them over the steak. Replace the removed crust end of the loaf.nWrap the whole thing in a double sheet of white blotting paper and secure with string. Then secure again with parchment paper and more string. Or use foil and film. Place under a weighted board for 6 hours. When eating this sandwich just cut off a slice as required., ingredients: [A very thick rump steak the size of a loaf, 1 sandwich loaf, Some big fat field mushrooms, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground], title: Shooters Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 32079: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with liners. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, the brown sugar, coconut milk, vegetable oil and vanilla and coconut extracts in a large bowl. Add the flour mixture and whisk until smooth.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups, filling each about threequarters of the way. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes are golden and spring back when gently pressed, 18 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the rum, lime juice and the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. When the cupcakes are done, poke them all over with a toothpick and brush with the rum syrup while still warm. Let cool 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Bring the pineapple juice to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until syrupy and reduced to 2 to 3 tablespoons, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate until completely cool. Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the confectioners sugar and salt. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla and coconut extracts and beat 1 minute, then add the rum and the reduced pineapple juice and beat to combine. Spread the frosting on the cupcakes and top with the shredded coconut. Decorate with maraschino cherries and cocktail umbrellas.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 12 cup vegetable oil or 14 cup each vegetable oil and coconut oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 cup pineapple juice, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, Maraschino cherries and cocktail umbrellas, for decorating], title: Pina Colada Cupcakes, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 32080: {instructions: Youll need a 2quart bowl or small trifle dish for these dips. Scoop them out with a big spoon each dip serves about 8.nLettucenToss 2 cups shredded romaine lettuce with olive oil.nItalian DressingnPulse 14 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream, basil and parsley with1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons each red wine vinegar and capers, and 1 small garlic clove in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nCured MeatnCut 4 ounces salami, soppressata or prosciutto into strips.nProvolonenCut about 4 ounces into cubes.nSunDried TomatoesnDrain and chop 34 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes.nGiardinieranDrain and chop 1 cup giardiniera Italian pickled vegetables.nCannellini BeansnPulse 1 cup canned beans drained and rinsed and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a food processor until smooth season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: 7Layer Italian Hero Dip, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 32081: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDivide the vegetable oil and shallots evenly among 4 ovenproof widemouthed ramekins. Gently crack 2 eggs per ramekin. Divide the tomato, butter, and cream evenly among the ramekins. Season with salt, and pepper, and put in the oven for approximately 8 to 10 minutes, until eggs whites have set.nCarefully, remove the ramekins from the oven and garnish with fresh sliced chives and serve immediately with toast., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, 8 fresh eggs, at room temperature, 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely diced, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup 35percent whipping cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh chives, finely sliced, 4 slices toast], title: Baked Eggs, picturelink: null}, 32082: {instructions: For the graham cracker crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch pie pan. Break up the graham crackers: place in a food processor and process to crumbs. If you dont have a food processor, place the crackers in a large plastic bag: seal and then crush the crackers with a rolling pin. Add the melted butter and sugar and pulse or stir until combined. Press the mixture into the bottom and sides of the pan, forming a neat border around the edge. Bake the crust until set and golden, 8 minutes. Set aside on a wire rack. Leave the oven on.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, in a electric mixer with the wire whisk attachment, beat the egg yolks and lime zest at a high speed until very fluffy, abut 5 minutes. Gradually add the condensed milk and continue to beat until thick, 3 or 4 minutes longer. Lower the mixer speed and slowly add the lime juice, mixing just until combined, no longer. Pour mixture into the pie crust. Bake for 10 minutes, or until the filling has set. Cool on a wire rack, then refrigerate. Freeze for 15 to 20 minutes before serving.nFor the topping: Whip the cream and the confectioners sugar until nearly stiff. Cut the pie in wedges and serve very cold, topping each wedge with a large dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 paperwrapped package graham crackers 13 of a 1 pound box or 1 cup plus 2 12 tablespoons graham cracker crumbs, 5 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 13 cup sugar, 3 egg yolks, 2 limes, zest grated about 1 12 teaspoons, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 23 cup freshly squeezed lime juice if you get Key limes, use them: otherwise use regular limes, 1 cup heavy or whipping cream, chilled, 3 tablespoons of confectioners sugar], title: Key Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 32083: {instructions: Heat griddle or skillet over mediumhigh heat or to 375degreesF grease with vegetable oil or shortening. In medium bowl, stir all ingredients except blueberries until blended. Gently stir in blueberries. Pour batter by slightly less than 14 cupfuls into heart shapes onto hot griddle. Cook until bubbles break on surface. Turn cook until golden., ingredients: [1 cup Bisquick Heart Smart mix, 23 cup fatfree skim milk, 2 tablespoons fatfree egg product or 1 egg white, 34 cup Cascadian Farm frozen organic blueberries, thawed, drained], title: Blueberry Pancake Hearts, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 32084: {instructions: Place 5 cups of water to boil with salt, once the water has reached a rolling boil, remove from the heat and add the string beans to the water for about 5 minutes. Strain the string beans through a colander and run under cold water.nIn a large bowl, whisk the shallots, mustard and vinegar together. Add the string beans and some salt and pepper and toss to combine. Serve chilled or at room temperature, drizzled with a little extravirgin olive oil, if you like., ingredients: [5 cups water, 14 pound string beans, ends snipped, 1 medium shallot, halved and finely chopped, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, optional], title: String Beans in Vinaigrette, picturelink: MQopBjB..6lndwcN0EOfVAo6Rq7bRZm}, 32085: {instructions: To make the pizzelles: Preheat the pizzelle iron to mediumhigh heat. Whisk the sugar, egg whites, vanilla, and salt in a large bowl to blend. Whisk in 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the flour and whisk just until blended.nBrush the pizzelle cooking surfaces with some of the remaining melted butter. Spoon 1 tablespoon of batter in the center of the pizzelle iron. Close the iron and cook until deep golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer the pizzelles to a cooling rack. Cool completely. Trim off any excess pizzelle along the edges. Store the pizzelles airtight at room temperature.nTo make the ice cream sandwiches: Gently spread the chocolatehazelnut spread over 1 side of 12 pizzelles. Cut the ice cream carton to remove the ice cream from the carton in one piece. Starting at the widest end of the piece of ice cream, cut the ice cream crosswise into 12inchthick rounds. Place 1 slice of ice cream atop each coated pizzelle. Alternately, the ice cream can be scooped atop the pizzelle. Top each with a second pizzelle, pressing gently to adhere. Arrange the sandwiches on a baking sheet and freeze until firm. Can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight and keep frozen,nDust the ice cream sandwiches with powdered sugar and serve.nCooks Note: If the ice cream sandwiches are eaten immediately, the pizzelles will be crisp. However, if the sandwiches freeze overnight, the pizzelles will soften just enough to allow the sandwiches to be cut into wedges, if desired., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 2 large egg whites, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup chocolatehazelnut spread such as Nutella, 1 pint goodquality ice cream or gelato, such as espresso, vanilla, chocolate, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Pizzelle Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 32086: {instructions: Place clarified butter in pan on medium heat and add green pepper and spring onions. Fry gently for 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Place kidneys on top of vegetables and add 13 of whisky. Stir all together and continue to cook 2 more minutes. Scrape mixture to side of pan and add another 13 of whisky. Flame and then add chicken stock. Cover pan and simmer 2 minutes.nMix arrowroot with a little water and stir into kidney mixture to thicken. Remove from heat.nPlace cooked rice on heated platter. Make well in center and fill with kidneys. Stir in remaining whisky and garnish rice with parsley., ingredients: [12 cup clarified butter, 1 green pepper, diced, 6 spring onions, cut into 12inch dice, 1 cup mushrooms, finely sliced, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, 12 lambs kidneys, skin removed, cut in half, core removed, meat quartered, 38 cup whisky, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 teaspoons arrowroot, 1 cup rice, washed well and cooked, Parsley, roughly chopped, to garnish], title: Tom Muirs Kidneys, picturelink: null}, 32087: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nLightly oil a baking sheet and place tomato slices on it. Drizzle slices with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Top with oregano leaves and feta. Place tomatoes under broiler and cook until slices soften a bit and cheese is slightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove carefully with a spatula to plate., ingredients: [4 firmripe tomatoes, sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Broiled Tomatoes with Feta and Fresh Oregano, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 32088: {}, 32089: {instructions: Toss the beef with the flour, curry powder, allspice, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl transfer the beef to a 6quart slow cooker. Add the sweet potatoes and bell pepper to the bowl and toss to coat with any remaining flour mixture. Spread over the beef. Whisk the coconut milk and ginger in a bowl until combined pour over the vegetables.nCover the slow cooker and cook on low, 7 hours. Uncover, stir well and let stand 10 minutes. Skim off any fat from the top. Stir in the lime juice and season with salt. Serve over rice top with scallions and serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 12 pounds cubed beef stew meat, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large sweet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 13to14ounce can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 cups cooked white rice, for serving], title: SlowCooker Caribbean Beef Stew, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 32090: {instructions: On a platter scatter tomato slices. Then sprinkle with salt, pepper, and thyme layer onion slices around on top. Now drizzle with oil and vinegar., ingredients: [3 large yellow tomatoes, sliced, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 4 sprigs thyme, picked, 1 medium Bermuda onion, thinly sliced, Olive oil, Sherry vinegar], title: Yellow Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 32091: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the chocolate in a double boiler over low heat. In a medium saucepan, bring the cream and milk to a bare simmer. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, vanilla, salt and egg yolks.nSlowly pour the milk mixture into the egg mixture to temper it, whisking all the while. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over low heat until the mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 4 minutes. Pour in the melted chocolate and whisk until smooth.nPour into glasses or custard cups. Refrigerate until chilled and set, about 3 hours. Serve with whipped sour cream, if desired., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 23 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 pinches of fine salt, 8 large egg yolks, Whipped sour cream, for serving, optional], title: Dark Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 32092: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, water, egg and salt. Stir in the chopped kimchi. Heat a 9inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Pour half of the batter into the pan to form a pancake. Cook on the first side until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Using a large spatula, flip the pancake and cook on the reverse side until golden brown. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining batter. Cut the pancakes into wedges and serve with soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup cold water, 1 egg, room temperature, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup kimchi, chopped, 14 cup grapeseed oil, Soy sauce, for dipping], title: Kimchi Pancake, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 32093: {instructions: Cut storebought pie dough into 16 wedges like a pizza. Starting from the tip, spread apricot jam over the top twothirds of each wedge sprinkle with chopped pecans. Roll from the fat end in to form a crescent shape. Brush with beaten egg and chill 30 minutes. Bake 30 to 35 minutes at 325 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Rugalach, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 32094: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 F. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners. Gently spray the liners with baking spray and set aside.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt over a large piece of paper. In a large bowl, cream the butter and granulated sugar with a hand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, egg yolk and vanilla. Reduce the speed to low and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Pour in the milk and continue to mix until smooth the batter may look curdled at first but will smooth out. Pick up the paper with the dry ingredients and gradually pour into the wet ingredients. Continue to mix just until blended.nSpoon the batter evenly into the prepared tin, filling the cups about threequarters full. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes spring back to the touch and are not too golden, about 20 minutes. Cool in the tin for 15 minutes, and then allow to cool completely on a wire rack before filling, frosting or decorating.nFill a squeeze bottle with the grape jelly and screw on the cap. Carefully insert the tip of the squeeze bottle as far as it will go into the tops of the cupcakes. Gently squeeze about 1 tablespoon jelly inside of each cupcake. Ice the tops of the cupcakes with Peanut Butter Frosting to cover. Decorate with your favorite candy.nBeat the peanut butter, butter and cream cheese with a hand or stand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Slowly add the confectioners sugar and continue to mix until the frosting is smooth. Mix in the milk and continue to mix until it reaches a good spreading consistency., ingredients: [Baking spray with flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup milk, 1 cup grape jelly, Peanut Butter Frosting, recipe follows, Candy bars, crushed with a rolling pin, such as Reeses Pieces, Butterfinger, Nutter Butter, Heath Bar, or small sandwich cookies, for decorating, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons milk], title: JellyFilled Cupcakes With Peanut Butter Frosting, picturelink: K8DYRQ9noAGTUuoxNRhFOjctyJWCpdq}, 32095: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and season generously with salt. Boil the pasta until al dente, tender but still firm.nWhile the pasta cooks, make the clam sauce. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook until soft but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add the pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the wine and water and increase the heat to high. Add the clams, cover, and cook, gently shaking the pan periodically, until all the clams are opened, about 6 to 8 minutes.nDrain the pasta and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add butter or extravirgin olive oil, if desired. Pour the clam sauce over the pasta, scatter with the parsley and toss. Season with salt, to taste. Divide among heated bowls and serve immediately, garnished with Fried Zucchini Coins.nLine a dish with paper towels and set aside. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, basil, salt, cayenne, and pepper in a bowl.nBeat the eggs in another bowl.nHeat 14inch vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat until hot but not smoking.nWorking in small batches, toss the zucchini coins in the eggs, then coat in the cornmeal mixture to cover completely. Carefully drop the zucchini into the oil, and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side or until crisp. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and place on the prepared plate. Season with salt, cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [1 pound dry spaghetti, Kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup dry white wine, 14 cup water, 36 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 3 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter or extravirgin olive oil, if desired, Fried Zucchini Coins, if desired, for garnish, recipe follows, 12 cup cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus for seasoning, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, slightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying, 2 small zucchini, sliced into 18 to 14inch thick coins], title: Linguine with White Clams, picturelink: null}, 32096: {instructions: Rub the fillets with kosher salt and set aside. In a nonreactive bowl, combine the onion, lime juice, orange juice, jalapeno, sugar and tequila. Mix to dissolve the sugar, and add the fillets to the bowl. Marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours, turning the fillets once after 1 hour. Remove the fillets from the marinade and set it aside. Pat the fillets dry with paper towels and lightly coat with the olive oil.nHeat a grill to high and place the fillets over direct heat until they are just cooked through  opaque at the center but still moist, approximately 3 to 4 minutes per side. While the fish is grilling, transfer the reserved marinade to a saucepan and heat until it is reduced to about 34 cup. Using tongs, remove the fillets to serving plates and divide sauce equally among them. Top with the cilantro., ingredients: [4 skinless mahimahi fillets, approximately 2 pounds, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup diced red onion, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 14 cup dark brown sugar, packed, 14 cup tequila, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Grilled MahiMahi, CevicheStyle, picturelink: Pm6z14VinKuA0FtJrY87u4UJvYdJvO}, 32097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, blanch the green beans for 4 minutes, or until they are just crisptender. Drain the beans, transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking, and drain well. Put the green beans in a mixing bowl.nIn a large skillet, cook the bacon over moderate heat, until crispy. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add the bacon to the green beans, along with the shallot, walnuts, and parsley.nIn a mason jar, combine the mustard, water, sugar, and lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Drizzle in the oil, put the cap on, and shake vigorously to emulsify. If planning to eat the salad right away, pour the dressing over the green bean salad and serve. If taking on a picnic, put the salad in a sealable plastic container and pack the dressing separately until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound French green beans, stems trimmed, 14 pound thickcut bacon, cut in 14inch pieces, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup walnut halves and pieces, toasted, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves chopped, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon hot water, Pinch sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Green Bean and Bacon Salad, picturelink: jFIgMofmaeYzsIL1zYh9AQj4caKcmi2}, 32098: {instructions: Place the rosemary, lavender and thyme in a glass heatproof bowl. Stir in the coconut oil. Cover the bowl with a lid and place over a pan of boiling water to create a double boiler. Heat over mediumlow heat for 1 hour. Let cool. When cool, stir in the peppermint essential oil. Strain and pour the hair oil into bottles. Apply 1 tablespoon to hair and massage well into the scalp. Wrap hair in a towel and leave for 30 minutes. Then wash hair a couple of times with normal shampoo to get the oil out completely. Use 3 times a week for the first 2 weeks, and once a week as a preventative measure. Avoid the eye area, and if you feel any discomfort, wash off immediately. The oil will keep for up to 1 year in a cool dark place., ingredients: [6 tablespoons fresh rosemary, washed and chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lavender, washed and chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme, washed and chopped, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 20 drops peppermint essential oil], title: AntiDandruff Hair Oil, picturelink: null}, 32099: {instructions: Combine the rice and cinnamon stick with 4 cups water in a blender pulse to coarsely grind. Transfer to a large bowl and add another 4 cups water soak at room temperature for 3 hours.nPuree the rice mixture in a blender in batches until smooth. Strain through cheesecloth or a fine sieve into a pitcher. Mix in the sugar chill.nStir the horchata well before serving. Pour into icefilled glasses garnish with cinnamon sticks and a dusting of ground cinnamon.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup longgrain white rice, rinsed, 1 cinnamon stick, preferably Mexican, broken into pieces, plus more for garnish, 12 cup sugar, or to taste, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, preferably Mexican, for garnish], title: Horchata, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}}