{32100: {instructions: Mix the cheddar and blue cheeses with the beer in a fondue pot or crock pot. Add seasoning to taste. Once melted, keep warm over a small flame and dip any variation of the following: cubes of bread, figs, grapes, blanched asparagus, apples, and pears., ingredients: [12 pound sharp white Cheddar, grated, 12 pound blue cheese, 1 cup beer, Coarse kosher salt and ground pepper, 14 loaf cubed French bread, for dipping, 1 quartered fig, for dipping, 3 stalks blanched asparagus, for dipping, 1 cut and cored apple, for dipping, 1 cut and cored pear, for dipping], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 32101: {instructions: Place a large pot of water on to boil. Meanwhile, cut the bok choy lengthwise into thirds or quarters and place in a sink full of cold water to soak for several minutes. Wash thoroughly to get any dirt out of the base of the stalks.nWhen the water is boiling, add about 1 tablespoon salt, bring back to the boil, and add the bok choy. Stir with a longhandled wooden spoon to make sure all the greens are immersed. Bring back to a boil, boil for under a minute, drain, and set aside.nHeat a large wok over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the wok. Toss in the chiles and ginger. Stir briefly, then add the greens and stirfry for 30 seconds, pressing them against the sides of the wok to sear them a little. Add the broth and let it boil for about 30 seconds. Stir the cornstarch paste well, then add it together with 12 teaspoon salt. Stirfry for another 15 to 30 seconds, turn out onto a small platter, and serve. Warn your guests that the chiles are not for eating, just for flavor., ingredients: [1 pound bok choy or Shanghai bok choy 5 to 8 heads, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 2 Thai dried red chiles, 1 2 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 cup mild vegetable broth or water, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons water], title: Yunnan Greens, picturelink: null}, 32102: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a mixer with the whip attachment, whip yolks and sugar until thick and pale in color ribbon stage. Add mascarpone and whip until well incorporated. Pour water into a small bowl then pour powdered gelatin over it. Do not stir. Allow gelatin to absorb all of the water about 15 minutes then place the bowl on top of a small saucepan containing simmering water creating a double boiler. Immediately turn off the heat and allow the gelatin to dissolve completely. In a separate bowl, whip egg whites to a soft peak, gradually add sugar, then slowly pour in dissolved gelatin. Whip to a stiff, glossy peak. Fold whites into mascarpone and yolk mixture then fold in whipped cream.nIn a separate bowl, combine espresso and kalhua. Soak 1 ladyfinger at a time in the espresso mixture. In an 8 by 10inch pan, arrange soaked ladyfingers close together in neat rows until the bottom of the pan is completely covered. Pour 12 of the mousse over the ladyfingers and smooth with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle 12 of the chocolate shavings over mousse. Create another layer and chill until set., ingredients: [7 yolks, 1 cup sugar for yolks, 3 cups or 1 750gram container mascarpone, 4 12 tablespoons water, 1 12 tablespoons powdered gelatin, 3 egg whites, 14 cup sugar for whites, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, 2 12 cups cooled espresso, 12 cup kalhua, 20 to 24 ladyfingers, 1 cup chocolate shavings], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 32103: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of water to a boil. Cook the tortellini in the boiling water for a couple of minutes less than the package directions call for. Drain and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and stir and cook for 1 minute. Add the cauliflower, carrots and asparagus and stir and cook 1 minute. Splash in the broth, then cook until the liquid reduces a bit, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and cream and cook until hot. Stir in the peas, ham and some salt and pepper and continue cooking to allow the peas and ham to heat up in the sauce. Add the basil and heat stir in the tortellini. Check for seasoning, adding more if needed, and serve with extra Parmesan and basil., ingredients: [1 pound cheese tortellini, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 cup cauliflower florets broken into small pieces, 3 carrots, peeled and diced, 1 bunch asparagus, cut into pieces, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 cup grated Parmesan powdered, plus more for serving, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 cup frozen peas, 1 cup diced cooked ham, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 fresh basil leaves, chopped or cut into chiffonade, plus more for serving], title: Tortellini Primavera, picturelink: 36AXPP0zPgna36Kkev13KaThF.hCxTy}, 32104: {instructions: In a large saucepan, gently combine the sugar and water then add the honey and corn syrup. Boil until amber colored and the sugar looks like caramel. Add the baking soda, and with a wooden spoon, stir in gently. It will foam up a lot. Pour the mixture onto a silpat or a piece of parchment paper on a sheet pan, and let cool. Break into pieces., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons honey, 13 cup corn syrup, 4 teaspoons baking soda, sifted], title: Honeycomb Candy, picturelink: null}, 32105: {instructions: Make the ginger syrup: Combine the sliced ginger, sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves reduce the heat to medium and cook until syrupy, 15 to 20 minutes. Strain and let cool.nFor each cocktail, combine 2 tablespoons each of the ginger syrup and apple juice, 1 12 ounces rum and 3 or 4 gratings of ginger in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well and pour into a short glass. Top with 12 cup beer and garnish with apple slices.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [10 thin slices peeled ginger, plus more for grating, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup apple juice, 6 ounces spiced rum, preferably Sailor Jerry, 2 cups wheat beer, preferably Hoegaarden, Apple slices, for garnish], title: Ginger Rum Shandies, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 32106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLightly spray a 3quart casserole dish with butter flavored cooking spray set aside.nToss together cubed raisin bread and pecans in the casserole dish set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together remaining ingredients, except hard sauce and maple extract. Pour over bread cubes. Let soak for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake bread pudding in preheated oven for 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes or until a knife inserted into center comes out clean.nRemove hard sauce lid and place jar in a microwavesafe bowl. Fill bowl with water halfway up the side of the jar. Microwave on HIGH for 30 to 45 seconds. Pour into a bowl and stir in maple extract. Drizzle over bread pudding.nServe warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Butter flavored cooking spray, 1 16ounce loaf cinnamonraisin swirl bread, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 14 cups milk, 12 cup cream, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice recommended: McCormick, 12 cup real maple syrup, 1 15ounce can solid pack pumpkin recommended: Libbys, 1 4.5ounce jar brandied hard sauce recommended: Crosse and Blackwell, 1 teaspoon maple extract recommended: McCormick], title: PumpkinMaple Bread Pudding, picturelink: aumgKtWiotOJPb.VVoEj5SL.CYJnK2}, 32107: {instructions: Prepare to fry the churros by heating 1 to 1 12 inches oil in a deep pan to 360 degrees F.nTo make churro dough, heat water, butter and salt to rolling boil in 3quart saucepan stir in flour. Stir vigorously over low heat until mixture forms a ball, about 1 minute remove from the heat. Beat eggs all at once continue beating until smooth and then add to saucepan while stirring mixture.nSpoon mixture into a piping tube with large star tip. Squeeze 4inch strips of dough into hot oil. Fry 3 or 4 strips at a time until golden brown, turning once, about 2 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. Mix the sugar and cinnamon. Roll churros in the cinnamon sugar. Serve with Chocolate Dunking Sauce.nPlace the chocolate and half of the milk in a pan and heat on low. When the chocolate has melted, dissolve the cornstarch in the remaining milk and whisk into the chocolate with the sugar. Cook on low heat, whisking constantly, until the chocolate is thickened, about 5 minutes. Add extra cornstarch if it does not start to thicken after 5 minutes. Remove and whisk smooth.nPour and serve in cups for dipping churros., ingredients: [Vegetable or olive oil, for frying, 1 cup water, 4 ounces butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup all purpose flour, 3 eggs, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Chocolate Dunking Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 1 cup milk, plus 1 cup, 1 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons sugar], title: Churros, picturelink: p5oZxBE6QDushmEgpxc4hhgjGZ.idee}, 32108: {instructions: For the filling: Add all ingredients for the filling into a large mixing bowl. Push the veggies into the meat until everything is mixed well. All of the veggies should bind together with the meat. If you have any loose veggies hanging out keep mixing and binding. Set aside until ready to build pasties.nFor the crust: In a separate large mixing bowl, add the flour and salt. Combine together, and then add the 2 types of shortening. Break up the shortening while working it in with the flour. You want to have small, pea size pieces of shortening and flour combined yet not over mixed. In a separate bowl, blend the eggs, water, and vinegar. Add to the flour and mix and fold the contents together, gently pushing the flour and liquid mixture until they are together in a large dough consistency. Pick up the mix and continue to turn it over on top of the liquid and just push it down into the liquid not to over mix the dough. Cover the dough and chill it before rolling.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTake a portion of the dough and lay on a floured counter. Roll out the dough to no more than 14 inch thickness. Roll out as big of a sheet as you are comfortable with we use an 8inch plate and cut out crusts for each pastie. After cutting the crust, work the scraps back into the next sheets. Do this as many times as it takes to use up all the dough. With a consistent thickness you should get about 25 crusts.nOnce you have your crusts rolled out you can begin filling. Lay out your crusts and egg wash half of the inside crust. Lay 1 cup of filling in the center of each crust. Fold in half gently, careful not to tear the dough. After folding, use a fork to crimp the crusts. Place pasties on a lined baking sheet, poke fork holes on top to create air pockets, egg wash the top, and place in the oven. Bake until the crust is golden brown and an internal temperature is reached of 160 degrees F., ingredients: [3 quarts peeled and diced potatoes, 1 12 quarts diced carrots, 1 quart diced rutabaga, 1 quart diced onions, 14 cup very finely diced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons seasoned salt, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds ground grassfed beef, 2 12 pounds your favorite ground Italian sausage, 3 12 quarts allpurpose flour recommended: finely ground organic, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 12 pounds butter flavored shortening, 1 12 pounds white shortening, 6 eggs, 2 cups ice cold water, 13 cup white vinegar, 3 eggs, beaten, Flour, as needed], title: Pasties, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 32109: {instructions: Cook all the potatoes, parsnips, carrots, and salsify in salted boiling water for about 30 minutes, or until tender. Add the inside of the potatoes to the rest of the vegetables. Mash the vegetables along with the cream and butter. Season the vegetables with salt, and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the potatoes until soft, about 40 minutes depending on the size.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nRemove the potatoes from the oven. Scoop out the flesh and transfer to a bowl for use in the Root Vegetable Mash, recipe follows. Place the potato skins into the fryer until they become brown and crispy. Remove the skins, place on paper towels and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room temperature.nMix the crab with the mayonnaise, Dijon, green onions, and chives. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Spoon the mixture into the potato skins., ingredients: [2 Yukon gold potatoes, 4 parsnips, 2 carrots, 2 salsify, 14 cup 35percent whipping cream, 14 cup butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crab Salad, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, 2 cups crab chunks, picked over for shells, 14 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 green onions, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying], title: Root Vegetable Mash, picturelink: null}, 32110: {instructions: In a medium hot pan saute the onions with the capers in 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Cover and turn heat down to medium heat and let simmer for about 20 minutes stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Add the thyme about 10 minutes into the cooking of the onions. Adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper. Stir in the quartered tomatoes and let simmer for 10 minutes more. Slice the zucchini into thin discs. In a hot saute pan heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil and saute the zucchini in the oil. Add salt and pepper as needed. In a medium hot saute pan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute the fish gently, crisping the skin, Turn the fish over and let the temperature of the pan finish the cooking of the fish. To assemble the dish, lay the zucchini around in a small pile on the bottom of the plate, place the fish on top of that. On top of the fish place a small amount of the tomato and onion sauce. Garnish with olive oil and fresh chives., ingredients: [1 medium white onion, 1 tablespoon Sicilian capers rinsed in water, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Fresh thyme, to taste, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 small zucchini, 4 8ounce fillets sea bass, Fresh chives, for garnish], title: Pan Roasted Mediteranean Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 32111: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a 9inchdiameter glass or ceramic pie dish with vegetable oil cooking spray.nIn a food processor, blend the flour, sugar and salt until combined. Add the butter and mascarpone cheese and blend until moist clumps form. Gather the dough into a ball. Drop 2inch pieces of dough over the bottom and sides of the pie dish. Using moist fingertips press the dough together to form a smooth crust. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over.nBake the crust until the edge is browned and the center of the crust is pale golden, about 25 minutes. Transfer the crust to a work surface. Brush the bottom and sides of the crust with apricot preserves.nFor the filling: In a food processor, combine the pumpkin and persimmon. Blend until smooth. Add the sugar, mascarpone, cream, cornstarch, cinnamon, salt and eggs. Blend until smooth. Pour the filling into the cooked crust.nBake the pie until slits or cracks appear around the edge and the center is set, about 35 minutes. Cool the pie on a rack. Can be made 1 day ahead. Bake and cool to room temperature. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nJust before serving, dust the top of the pie with powdered sugar. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, diced, 3 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, chilled, 2 to 3 tablespoons apricot preserves, 1 cup canned pure pumpkin, Two 6 to 7ounce ripe Fuyu persimmons, trimmed, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces or 1 cup of persimmon pulp from two 6 to 7ounce very ripe Hachiya persimmons, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup mascarpone, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: PersimmonPumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 32112: {instructions: Nut Crust: Mix butter, sugar, pecans, whole egg, egg yolk, and salt with a wooden spoon until barely blended. Add flour and knead until a small ball forms. Wrap in plastic and chill about 4 hours.nAfter chilling dough, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll chilled dough to about 14 inch thickness or divide into 8 parts and press into 8 individual tart pans, 3inch round x 1 inch deep. The crust should be thick.nBake empty tart shells 12 to 15 minutes, or until edges begin to brown. Set aside to cool. Meanwhile make pastry cream, and prepare berries.nPastry Cream: Mix 14 cup sugar and cornstarch in a bowl until smooth. Add egg yolks and mix until a paste is formed. Stir in 12 cup milk.nCombine remaining milk and sugar in a sauce pan and bring to a boil. Pour hot mixture into mixture in bowl, whisking constantly. Pour back into pan.nCook over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until smooth and thick. Remove from heat and stir an additional minute. Stir in vanilla and transfer to a bowl. Cover with buttered parchment paper touching top and chill a minimum of 2 hours or as long as 2 days.nCranberries: Combine sugar, jelly and orange zest in sauce pan and boil until thick, about 5 minutes. Fold in cranberries, and cook another 1 or 2 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool, then assemble tart.nTo Assemble: Spread prepared nut crust with a layer of chilled pastry cream and top with cooled cranberries. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 egg yolks, 2 cups milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup currant jelly, 1 orange, zested, 1 pound cranberries], title: Popped Cranberry Tart, picturelink: null}, 32113: {instructions: Mix together the red pepper strips, oregano, olives, olive oil, salt and pepper in a small bowl and reserve.nFor the salad, tear the spinach leaves into bitesized pieces. Place in a large bowl with the cabbage, tomatoes, red onion, jicama and cucumbers and toss well. Top with dressing and serve.nFor the dressing, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and garlic in a blender and puree until smooth. Add the yogurt and blend briefly to combine.nTo serve, pour the yogurt dressing over the salad and toss to coat evenly. Divide and place on 6 serving plates. Top each with a large spoonful of the red pepper garnish., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, roasted, seeded, peeled and julienned, 1 bunch oregano, leaves only, roughly chopped, 12 cup green olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch spinach, stems removed, washed and dried, 14 red cabbage, cored and finely shredded, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded julienned, 1 small red onion, julienned, 1 small jicama, peeled and julienned, 2 pickling cucumbers, peeled and julienned, Creamy Yogurt Dressing, recipe follows, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 1 cup plain yogurt as pure as possible, without stabilizers, pectin, etc.], title: Spinach Salad with Creamy Yogurt Dressing, picturelink: null}, 32114: {instructions: Place cracker meal in a bowl and make a well in the center of the meal. Beat egg with milk and pour into well. Moisten cracker meal and combine liquid with meal using the tines of a fork. Add crab meat, crab boil seasoning, baking powder, parsley, lemon zest, celery, Worcestershire, hot pepper sauce, and mayonnaise to the bowl. Mix all ingredients well and form into 8 3inch patties. Add 12inch vegetable or canola oil to a skillet and heat to medium high temperature. Fry cakes 3 minutes on each side and drain on paper towel lined plate. Cook 4 cakes at a time, so that oil temp does not drop too low.nFor red pepper sauce, combine drained red peppers in a food processor bowl with mayonnaise and chili sauce. Pulsegrind the ingredients into a smooth sauce. Transfer sauce to a small serving dish.nServe crab cakes with sauce and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup cracker meal, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup milk, 12 ounces lump crab meat, picked over to remove any shell fragments, 1 rounded teaspoon crab boil seasoning, 1 tablespoon baking powder, A handful flat leaf parsley, chopped, 1 lemon, zested, plus 1 lemon, cut into wedges, for garnish, 1 rib celery from the heart of the stalk, finely chopped, Several drops Worcestershire sauce, Several drops hot pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise or ranch dressing, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 1 8ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, or 1 large freshly prepared roasted red pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, 12 cup prepared chili sauce], title: Crab Cakes with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 32115: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 1 12 quart souffle dish with nonstick spray.nPut the dates and water in a pot over mediumlow heat. Cook and stir for 10 minutes until the dates are very soft. Transfer the softened dates to a food processor and puree until smooth. Add the sugar and vanilla, puree again until wellblended. Scoop out the puree into a mixing bowl. Sift together the cocoa powder and flour and add to the date mixture. Fold using a rubber spatula combine gently until well mixed.nIn a mixing bowl, whip the egg whites until they form stiff peaks. Fold the egg whites into the date mixture.nPour the batter into the coated souffle dish, spreading it evenly with a spatula. Bake on the middle rack for 25 minutes until the outside is just set. Cool to room temperature. Shake some confectioners sugar on top and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces pitted dates, about 2 cups, 34 cup water, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 6 large egg whites, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: ChocolateDate Pudding Cake, picturelink: zfUmT5FeqqdmAadCVTDDeY4Ujcdb64e}, 32116: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag and large star tipnIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt butter with water, salt and zest of 1 lime. Bring to a simmer and then slowly whisk in flour. Remove from heat and keep whisking until mixture forms a ball and breaks away from the sides of the pan. Slowly add eggs in thirds. Spoon batter into a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip and refrigerate 15 minutes. Meanwhile, fill a large saucepan 23 full with vegetable oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Remove batter from refrigerator and slowly squeeze 3inch long strips of batter into the oil. Fry in batches, until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes, flipping halfway through. Drain churros on paper towels. In a paper bag, add sugar, cinnamon and remaining zest. Once churros have cooled slightly, in batches, toss churros in bag and shake to coat with cinnamon sugar. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 1 cup water, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 limes, zested, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Special equipment: Pastry bag and large star tip], title: Churros, picturelink: EJlHEc114Ke0bDbscUj6rh6RfW8TcmC}, 32117: {instructions: Corn and Fig Cream:nBoil the chicken consomme and the cream. Incorporate the polenta by sprinkling it into the pan. Let it cook for 5 minutes, stirring continuously. Season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Add the fig puree.nCrustacean Broth:nHeat some olive oil in a pot. When the oil is hot, add the langoustines to heat through. Add the carrot, onion, parsley, thyme, bay leaf, and star anise. Cook for a few minutes. Add the water and powdered licorice. Cook on low heat for 30 minutes. Pass the mixture through a fine strainer and add the cream.nStuffed Artichokes:nTrim each artichoke, 1 at a time, to reveal the heart. Cut off the stem and the top of the artichoke, then cut away all the outer leaves in 1 circular motion. Use a spoon to scrape out the pointy thistles, and use the knife to trim away any remaining leaves or husk. You should be left with just the heart artichoke should be in the shape of a little bowl Rub the hearts with lemon juice. Place artichokes into a pot of cold water with enough water to cover. Cook on medium heat until a knife easily slides through the artichoke heart, about 15 to 20 minutes. Once artichoke hearts are cool enough to handle, set 2 aside and chop the other 2 into small pieces. You will use the chopped up artichoke for the artichoke filling.nIngredients and DirectionsnCut the carrots, shallots, zucchini, bell peppers, and ham in a brunoise fashion small cubes. Saute all the ingredients in olive oil, in the order given. Do not overcook. Fold in the chopped artichokes. Stuff the 2 artichoke hearts with the filling. Set aside.nTo finish the dish:nOn the center of a large platter, place the fig polenta. Arrange the sturgeon around the polenta. Add the stuffed artichoke hearts to the plate. Garnish the plate with chives. Drizzle the platter with the Crustacean Broth and serve., ingredients: [4 sturgeon fillets, totaling about 2 pounds, skinless, About 4 ounces chicken consomme, About 5 ounces cream, About 3 12 ounces white polenta, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash lemon juice, About 1ounce fig puree, Olive oil, to taste, About 6 pounds langoustine carcasses, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, Parsley sprigs, to taste, Thyme, to taste, Bay leaf, to taste, Star anise, to taste, 2 liters water, About 2 12 ounces powdered licorice, 1 pint cream, 4 large artichokes, Lemon juice, About 1 34 ounces carrots, About 1 34 ounces shallots, About 1 34 ounces zucchini, About 1 34 ounces red bell peppers, About 12 ounce country ham, Olive oil, 2 chopped up artichoke hearts from above, Fresh chives, to taste, Fish:, Using a nonstick skillet, caramelize the sturgeon fish. Set aside.], title: Sturgeon Fillets Served with a Fig and Corn Cream, a Licorice Flavored Crustacean Broth, and Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 32118: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Drain currants and pat dry. Into a large bowl sift together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add butter and blend with a pastry blender or your fingertips until it forms fine crumbs. Add currants and mix well.nAdd halfandhalf, and stir with a fork just until it comes together and forms a dough. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface and knead for 1 minute. Roll out into a 34inch thick round. Use a lightly floured 3inch cookie or biscuit cutter to stamp out rounds. Pat together scraps and reroll. Place on a greased cookie sheet and brush tops with egg glaze. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until puffed and golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup currants, soaked in boiling water for 15 minutes, 4 cups flour, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 34 cups halfandhalf, 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon sugar, for glaze], title: Classic Currant Scones, picturelink: null}, 32119: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nBreak eggs into a bowl, and lightly beat with a whisk or fork. Season ricotta with salt and pepper. Whisk 2 tablespoons of ricotta into eggs.nIn a 12inch ovenproof nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Rotate skillet to coat all sides with olive oil. Add the egg mixture, and reduce heat to low. Cook, loosening the eggs at the sides from time to time with a rubber spatula. Spoon remaining ricotta over eggs. Sprinkle chopped herbs and Parmesan over eggs. The eggs will be slightly runny.nTransfer skillet to the oven, and bake until just set, about 1 minute. Remove from oven. Using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittata from the pan, and transfer to a warm plate. Serve in wedges., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 12 cup fresh ricotta cheese, lightly beaten, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup roughly chopped herb leaves, such as basil, thyme, and marjoram, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan], title: Ricotta and Herb Frittata, picturelink: null}, 32120: {instructions: Cut meat into thin strips, about 18inchthick. Place strips in a shallow bowl. Combine salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a small bowl. Rub spice mixture into strips. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and marinate for 48 hours in the refrigerator.nRemove a rack from the oven. Preheat the oven to 115 degrees F. Remove the strips from the marinade and lay the strips directly on the oven rack. Place the rack in the oven, leaving it partially open to maintain a constant temperature of 110 to 115 degrees F. Leave in the oven until well dried, 10 to 12 hours.nNOTE: The USDA recommends cooking the beef jerky at 160 degrees F for the first 4 hours and then reducing the temperature to 130 degrees during the dehydrating process., ingredients: [3 pounds top round London broil, trimmed of fat, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Beef Jerky, picturelink: null}, 32121: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh.nGrill the corn until slightly charred black in some areas and has good color. Remove the corn from the grill to a cutting board and, using a serrated knife, cut the kernels off the cob. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd about 18inch of bacon fat to a 10inch cast iron skillet and put it in the oven to heat up. While this is going on, mix the dry ingredients. In a medium bowl add the cornmeal, reserving about 18 cup, the salt and the baking soda. When the oil is hot, remove the skillet from the oven and sprinkle the bottom with the reserved 18 cup of cornmeal. Stir it into the oil and return the skillet to the oven to brown the cornmeal. In a large bowl add the eggs, creme mexicana, corn, chiles, water, remaining bacon fat and the onions. When the cornmeal roux is nice and brown, remove the skillet from the oven and pour in half of the batter. It should sizzle a little in the hot bacon fat. Now sprinkle the goat cheese evenly across the top of the first layer of batter. Gently pour in the remaining batter, being careful not to upset the layers, and bake until the top is golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 10 minutes before serving, ingredients: [2 ears corn, husked, 14 cup bacon fat, 1 14 cups yellow cornmeal, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup creme mexicana Mexican sour cream, 1 cup chopped fire roasted Hatch green chiles, 18 cup water, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 ounces goat cheese], title: Heres the Outlaw Chefs Rio Grande Cornbread, picturelink: dZI7z2TbADp9FOQMYzKSf8OL.36pGsm}, 32122: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the onions, pumpkin, red chili flakes, olive oil to a large baking dish, and season with sea salt to taste toss well to fully coat the ingredients. Roast the vegetables until the pumpkin is soft and golden, about 40 to 45 minutes.nPour the honey and red wine vinegar into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes.nTransfer the pumpkin and onion to a serving dish and then drizzle with the honey dressing and mint leaves., ingredients: [2 red onions, peeled and quartered, 1 pound, 12 ounces pumpkin, peeled and cut into wedges, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt, 2 12 ounces honey, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 large handful fresh mint leaves], title: Roasted Pumpkin and Red Onion with Honey Dressing, picturelink: null}, 32123: {instructions: To make the pudding:nWhisk the eggs with the vanilla in a large bowl and set aside. Bring the milk, heavy cream, sugar, and salt to a simmer in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Turn off the heat and whisk a little of the hot liquid into the egg mixture. Continue adding more hot milk until the eggs are tempered and the bottom of the bowl is warm to the touch and then return the egg mixture to the saucepan with the remaining milk. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk, until the pudding thickens and you can draw a clear line through the custard on the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes dont let the custard boilthis will cause the eggs to curdle. Pour the custard through a medium sieve and into a medium bowl. Whisk to cool slightly, cover flush with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until it is completely cool, about 2 hours.nTo make the caramel sauce:nMicrowave together the butter, heavy cream, and salt until the butter is melted or melt the butter with the cream and salt in a small saucepan. Whisk to combine and set aside. Place the sugar and lemon juice in a medium saucepan. Melt the sugar over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan occasionally to evenly distribute the heat, until the sugar is a deep nutty brown and smells bittersweet, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour in the butter mixture be carefulthe sauce will hiss and bubble up and then place the mixture back over mediumhigh heat to return it to a boil. Turn off the heat and set the saucepan aside to let the caramel cool to room temperature, 1 to 2 hours.nTo make the whipped cream:nPlace the heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla if using a vanilla bean, split the pod and scrape out the seeds, adding them to the cream save the pod and place it in a jar of sugar to infuse it with vanilla flavor in the bowl of a stand mixer or large bowl if using a hand mixer and whip it on medium speed until it is frothy. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and whip until you get stiff peaks. Refrigerate until youre ready to assemble the pudding.nTo assemble:nPeel and thinly slice the bananas and set aside wait to slice the bananas until youre ready to assemble the dish, otherwise, theyll brown. Evenly spread 1 cup whipped cream over the bottom of a large trifle dish or punch bowl. Top with a layer of bananas and 1 cup240 ml pudding. Place about 20 wafers in a flat layer on top of the pudding and evenly drizzle 12 cup120 ml caramel over the wafers. Repeat the layering process three times beginning with the whipped cream, followed by some sliced bananas, pudding, wafers, and caramel. Finish the pudding with a final layer of whipped cream you should have about 1 cup remaining after repeating four layers, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight. Serve in dessert bowls., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 2 tsp vanilla paste or extract, 1 12 cups360 ml milk, 1 12 cups360 ml heavydouble cream, 34 cup150 g sugar, 18 tsp kosher salt, 12 cup115 g unsalted butter, 34 cup175 ml heavydouble cream, 34 tsp kosher salt, 1 cup200 g sugar, 1 tbsp fresh lemon juice, 2 12360 ml cups heavy cream, 12 cup100 g sugar, 1 14 tsp vanilla bean paste or vanilla extract, or 13 vanilla bean, 5 bananas, 4 cups360 g vanilla wafers], title: BananaCaramel Pudding, picturelink: null}, 32124: {instructions: Combine zucchini, squash, carrot, mushrooms, onion and peppers with water to cover. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Drain well, and reserve.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, tomato paste, basil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, cottage cheese, and eggs. Stir together.nSpread 13 of the sauce evenly over bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Place 4 uncooked lasagna noodles on top of sauce. Do not overlap noodles. Spread 12 of cream cheese mixture over noodles. Cover cheese mixture with 12 the vegetable mixture, more sauce, and top evenly with 6 slices provolone cheese and 1 12 cups mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers with 4 noodles, rest of the cream cheese mixture, vegetables, sauce, and remaining cheeses. Place in oven for 35 minutes or until lasagna is hot and bubblingnLet lasagna stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups thinly sliced zucchini, 2 cups thinly sliced yellow squash, 1 cup thinly sliced carrot, 1 cup thinly sliced fresh mushrooms, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 1 14 ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 12 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup sliced fresh basil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 34 cups small cottage cheese, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 8 ovenready, no cook, lasagna noodles, 12 slices provolone cheese, thinly sliced, 2 cups shredded mozzarella], title: Garden Full of Goodness Lasagna, picturelink: uFGGW2RM1DKM1wVnTk43k4L704td8QC}, 32125: {instructions: In a salad bowl, whisk together marmalade, Dijon, zest and juice of 1 lemon, stream in olive oil, season dressing with salt, pepper and thyme. Add chopped lettuce and vegetables to the bowl and toss to coat evenly., ingredients: [2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small red onion or 12 medium, finely chopped], title: CitrusThyme Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32126: {instructions: In a heavy, medium saucepan, combine the milk, rice, sugar, and orange zest. Scrape in the seeds from the vanilla bean and add the bean to the saucepan. Bring the milk to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, stirring frequently, until the rice is tender and the mixture thickens, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and discard the vanilla bean. Stir the cocoa powder and orange liqueur into the mixture. Add the chocolate chips and stir until melted. Allow the mixture to cool for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nSpoon the rice pudding into serving bowls. Cover and refrigerate for 2 12 to 3 hours and up to 1 day ahead., ingredients: [5 cups whole milk, 23 cup Arborio rice, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons orange zest from 1 medium orange, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Rice Pudding, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 32127: {instructions: In a 10 to 12inch skillet heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat and brown beef in batches, transferring beef to plate with slotted spoon or tongs.nAdd 2 tablespoons butter to skillet and cook onion with salt and pepper, to taste, over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring, until tender and liquid they give off is evaporated. Sprinkle flour over vegetables and cook, stirring 1 minute. Add wine and boil until cooking liquid is almost evaporated Add broth and simmer 1 minute. Stir in sour cream and Worcestershire sauce.nReturn beef to skillet and gently simmer carefully, stirring occasionally, until beef is warmed through about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in parsley, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe stroganov with buttered noodles., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 5 to 6ounce tail of filet or filet mignon pieces, cut crosswise into 14inchthick pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups finely chopped onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound fresh shiitakes, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced about 2 cups, 12 pound white mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 12 cups beef broth, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, or to taste, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Serving suggestion: buttered egg noodles], title: Shiitake Beef Stroganov, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 32128: {instructions: In a 4 quart pot bring 2 quarts water to a boil. Pour in the salt and let dissolve. Slice the curd as thinly as possible and place in a large mixing bowl. Pour the hot water over the curd until it reaches about 1inch over the curd.nWith a wooden spoon, begin moving the curd around until it begins to melt. Pour off the hot water and begin lifting the curd and pulling it gently to remove any fibers or bumps. Once the curd is smooth, begin shaping it into balls. Place the balls in the saline for 5 minutes. After 5 minutes remove the curd and place in 2 quarts of fresh water. Serve immediately. Keep at room temperature until finished using. Refrigerate the rest. Last up to 1 week.nIn a 4 quart pot, bring the water to a boil with the salt. When the salt is dissolved, cool the water down to use. Do not place the cheese into the hot saline., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 pound salt], title: The Art of Pulling Fresh Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 32129: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pan on medium heat, add the peanuts, butter, jelly and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook, tossing and stirring to coat, until the peanuts are coated and warm throughout, 8 to 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the cereal and pretzels to the pan. Toss and transfer the mixture to a parchmentlined baking sheet or the counter. Sprinkle over the peanut candies and let cool. Toss again when cool and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup roasted and salted peanuts, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 2 tablespoons grape jelly or raspberry preserves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sweetened crunchy corn cereal, 1 cup pretzels or pretzel sticks, broken into large pieces, 14 cup candycoated peanut pieces], title: Sunnys Cereal Trail Mix, picturelink: GJlHIJ2tmXzN4JrrpHnTANaZ4X3e49a}, 32130: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher, combine the lime juice, tomatoclam juice and hot sauce. Mix well and chill until ready to serve.nSpread a small amount of salt into a shallow saucer. Moisten the rims of tall glasses and coat them in salt. Fill the glasses with ice and pour in the cocktail. Add the beer and garnish each glass with a celery stick., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 14 cups tomatoclam juice recommended: Clamato see Cooks Note, 34 teaspoon hot sauce, recommended: Tabasco, Salt, for rimming the glasses, 2 12ounce cans beer, Celery sticks, for garnish], title: BeerBased Bloody Marys, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 32131: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice the chicken breasts open lengthwise like a book, leaving them attached on one side. Sprinkle all over with 1 teaspoon salt, some pepper and the poultry seasoning.nMash the pot pie in a medium bowl. Stir in the Cheddar and 2 tablespoons of the parsley. Spread the filling on one side of the open chicken breasts and fold closed. Place some flour in a shallow bowl and dredge the chicken on both sides.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Carefully lay the stuffed chicken breasts in the skillet, cooking until brown on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Place the skillet in the oven and bake until the filling is bubbly on the edges and the chicken is completely cooked through, about 18 minutes more.nRemove the chicken to warm plates and keep warm. Return the skillet with the drippings to the stovetop over medium heat and sprinkle in the 2 teaspoons flour, stirring to incorporate. Add the chicken broth and scrape up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan to incorporate them into the sauce. Boil over high heat until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat, add the lemon juice and return to a simmer. Whisk in the butter, at piece at a time, to make a smooth sauce. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons parsley, spoon the sauce over the chicken and serve., ingredients: [Four 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 cup leftover cooked chicken pot pie filling and crust, at room temperature, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dredging, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into pieces], title: Pot PieStuffed Chicken Breast, picturelink: jZmZE58kPcZ8uuJV4OnMOdfBsUNqlSO}, 32132: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut along 1 side of the breastbone, and then down along the ribs gently pull and cut the meat away from the bone to cut the breast off the carcass. Do the same to remove the other breast.nSeason the turkey breasts on both sides with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Put a large roasting pan on the stove over medium heat and get it good and hot. Drizzle the pan with a 3count of oil. Add a few sage leaves and stir to flavor the oil. Lay the breasts in the hot oil, skinside down and cook for about 5 minutes until the skin begins to set and crisp. Flip the breasts over and push them off to 1 side.nAdd the shallots, carrots, and handful of sage leaves to the pan and stir to coat with the oil. Sprinkle the vegetables with salt and pepper. Stick the pan in the hot oven and roast for about 30 minutes until the internal temperature of the turkey reaches 160 degrees F on an instant read thermometer, and the shallots and carrots are tender and browned.nRemove the turkey and the vegetables to a serving platter and set aside. Now work on the gravy: Put the roasting pan over 2 burners, over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon. Then gradually stir in the stock, scraping the bottom of the pan to pick up all of the browned bits. Give the gravy a squeeze of lemon and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Slice the turkey and serve with the gravy., ingredients: [1 turkey breast on the bone 5 to 6 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh sage leaves, 8 shallots, cut in half, 1 pound baby carrots, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Roasted Turkey with Carrots and Shallots, picturelink: sUKfgg9q87VT5UuLZ5hDWFRFq4knxu}, 32133: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nCombine the raisins and brandy in a small bowl. Set aside for about 15 minutes to allow the raisins to plump slightly.nTrim the crusts from the bread and cut the slices into 12inch cubes. Place the bread cubes on a baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake for about 15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from the oven and transfer the cubes to a mixing bowl. Set aside. Do not turn off the oven.nFill a large mixing bowl with lightly salted cold water and, 1 at a time, thoroughly rinse each hen in the salted water. Place the rinsed hens under cold running water to remove excess salt. Drain well and pat dry. Set aside.nDrain the liquid from the raisins, separately reserving both the raisins and the liquid.nCombine the oil with 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the celery, onion and 1 tablespoon of the garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add the reserved soaking liquid from the raisins and cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes or until the liquid has evaporated. Stir in the parsley, pine nuts, and reserved raisins. Scrape the mixture into the reserved toasted bread cubes and add just enough chicken stock or broth to moisten without letting the bread cubes get soggy. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nUsing a large spoon, lightly push some stuffing into the cavity of each bird. Do not pack the stuffing in tightly or it will get very soggy and may not cook properly.nCombine the remaining butter and garlic and coat each hen with a light layer of the seasoned butter. Sprinkle lightly with paprika and season to taste with salt and pepper. Place the hens in a roasting pan. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and place in the preheated oven. Roast for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to roast for an additional 20 minutes or until the hens are golden brown and an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the bird and into the stuffing reads 165 degrees. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 14 cup apple brandy or cognac, 1 loaf stale sliced white bread, 6 small Cornish game hens, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup finely diced celery, 12 cup finely diced onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup chopped flat leaf parsley leaves, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, Approximately 1 12 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: Stuffed Cornish Game Hens with Pine Nuts and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 32134: {instructions: Put a large pot of water on the stove to bring to a boil for pasta.nPreheat broiler to high with rack on top shelf.nPreheat medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chopped bacon and cook until crisp.nSalt water for pasta and add spaghetti to the pot. Cook to al dente, with a bite to it.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper on both sides and arrange on slotted broiler pan.nRemove bacon to paper towel lined plate with a slotted spoon and drain off most of the fat, return pan to heat and reduce heat to medium. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan and 1 tablespoon butter. When butter melts into extravirgin olive oil, add in 2 cloves garlic and the shallots, saute for 3 minutes.nArrange steaks on the broiler pan. Place under broiler  leave door to oven cracked ajar to limit flare ups and smoke. Cook 4 minutes on each side for medium rare, up to 5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium well doneness.nTo the garlic and shallots, add in flour and cook a minute more. Whisk in stock, bring to a bubble, about 30 seconds then stir in the cream. When cream comes to a bubble, add in blue cheese and sage and a few grinds of black pepper. Stir until cheese melts. Reduce heat to lowest setting.nSoften 4 tablespoons butter in microwave on high for 15 seconds. Mix in chives and 2 cloves minced garlic and reserve.nRemove steaks from oven and let rest 5 minutes. Place 14 of the chive and garlic butter mixture on each steak to melt down over the meat as they rest.nDrain pasta and toss with sauce to coat and combine evenly. Taste to adjust seasoning.nServe steaks with pasta alongside. Scatter the arugula and bacon bits across the top of the pasta., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped into 1inch pieces, Salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 4 8ounce NY strip steaks, Ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 5 tablespoons butter, divided, 4 cloves garlic, minced, divided, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 to 13 cup cream or halfandhalf, eyeball it, 8 ounces blue cheese crumbles, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped sage leaves, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped, a palm full, 2 cups arugula, a small bunch, cleaned, trimmed and shredded], title: Strip Steaks with a Side of Blue Cheese Spaghetti, picturelink: N7Yo7zZzz3Z6Ud8SL5pBa8r.bRpk6VC}, 32135: {instructions: Cover the ham hocks with cold water in a soup pot. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, uncovered, about 5 minutes. Drain the water, set the hocks aside.nMeanwhile, peel the shrimp, reserve the shells. Devein the shrimp and refrigerate.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a soup pot over medium heat add the shrimp shells and tomato paste, and cook, stirring, until the shells turn pink, about 3 minutes. Add the ham hocks, halved garlic, thyme, lemon zest, and 3 quarts cold water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, uncovered, until the meat falls off the ham hock, about 1 12 hours.nStrain the broth into a bowl you should have about 6 cups broth, and save the ham hocks. When the ham hocks are cool enough to handle, pull the meat from the bone discard the rind, fat, and bone. This can be done a day ahead.nIn a large soup pot, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over medium heat. Add the onion, sliced garlic, and 12 of the jalapeno. Crush the tomatoes through your hands and add to the pot along with their juices and cook until onions soften and tomatoes dry, about 10 minutes. Add the broth, ham, blackeyed peas, and bring to a boil, adjust the heat to maintain a simmer, and cook, uncovered, until the peas soften, but hold their shape, about 20 minutes. Add the escarole, and the remaining jalapeno, and cook until the greens wilt, about 7 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and 1 12 teaspoons salt, and cook until the shrimp turn pink and curl, about 3 minutes. Divide the soup evenly into warmed bowls. Serve with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [2 medium ham hocks, about 2 pounds, 1 pound medium shrimp, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 head garlic, halved, plus 6 cloves sliced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 wide strips lemon zest, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced like it hot Keep the seeds, 6 canned whole plum tomatoes, 12 ounces frozen blackeyed peas about 2 heaping cups, 10 cups chopped escarole, 2 small or 1 large head, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 lemon, cut into 8 wedges], title: Shrimp, Ham, and Escarole Soup, picturelink: null}, 32136: {instructions: Using the palette template provided, trace the shape onto a piece of cardboard and cut it out, creating a stencil. Spread a 18inchthick layer of the white chocolate onto a sheet of parchment paper or acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly, about 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut but it will not be hard. Place the cardboard stencil on top of the chocolate, and with the tip of a sharp paring knife, cut all the way through the chocolate, working quickly before the chocolate becomes too hard. Peel off the paper or acetate from what is now the top. Remove the cut palette and set aside for assembly.nTo make the paintbrushes, use a cornet half filled with bittersweet chocolate. Pipe a 18inchthick 4inchlong line onto a clean sheet of parchment paper or acetate. Pipe an extra 12inch teardrop at one end of the chocolate line.nTo make the paints, mix the cocoa butter and a small amount of powdered food coloring together it will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Using a paintbrush, create paint spots on the palette, applying as many colors as you are inspired to do.nTo assemble, set the palette on a plate. Rest the ends of the paintbrush in the finger hold. Place chocolate bonbons on the palette near each paint color.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces white chocolate, tempered, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, 40 bonbons, optional], title: Painted Chocolate Palette, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 32137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nBlanch the swiss chard in boiling water for a minute drain and squeeze dry. Transfer to a mixing bowl and add the basil, cheeses, and 4 of the eggs. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and add half of the saffron and soft butter.nFill the prebaked tart shell and bake for 15 minutes. Beat remaining egg with remaining saffron and spoon this over the surface of the tart. Bake for 20 minutes longer or until puffy., ingredients: [2 pounds swiss chard or spinach, ribs removed leaves chopped, Prebaked 12inch wide tart shell, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 12 pound farmers cheese, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 4 large eggs, plus 1, 12 teaspoon saffron threads dissolved in 1 tablespoon boiling water, 4 tablespoons butter, almost melted], title: Cheese Tart, picturelink: null}, 32138: {instructions: Cut cucumbers lengthwise into thin slices, then into fine julienne. Halve the onion lengthwise, then slice into fine julienne. Cut the tomatoes in half lengthwise, remove the seeds and julienne. Place all of the ingredients in a bowl, combine well and let stand, covered, 30 minutes or longer. The juice will be salty and spicy, like fresh pickle juice, when ready. Store in the refrigerator up to 48 hours., ingredients: [7 pickling cucumbers, ends trimmed first to remove bitter juices, then peeled, 1 small red onion, 6 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, 1 cup shredded white cabbage, 1 tablespoon salt, 1  2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired, and finely diced, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice], title: Citrus Cucumber Relish, picturelink: null}, 32139: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the whipped topping, condensed milk, and lime juice until smooth. Spoon the mixture into graham cracker crust and smooth the surface with a spatula.nSet in the freezer until firm, about 30 minutes. Sprinkle lime zest over the top before serving., ingredients: [1 8ounce container nondairy whipped topping, thawed slightly, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 6ounce or 9inch prepared graham cracker pie crust, Freshly grated lime zest, for sprinkling], title: Frozen Key Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 32140: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: grill pannPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl mix together water, lemon juice, sugar and salt until dissolved. Add lemon quarters and chicken. Marinate for 30 minutes. Remove from marinade and pat dry. Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Massage 1 drop of liquid smoke into each chicken breast. Salt and pepper generously then rub 1 tablespoon butter over and under skin of each chicken breast, placing 2 sage leaves underneath the skin. Place on hot grill, skin side down, until skin is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile for the white wine mushroom sauce: In a large saute pan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter with olive oil. Add onions, mushrooms and cayenne pepper. Saute until onions are translucent and mushrooms are tender, about 8 minutes. Add wine and reduce until its almost evaporated. Add chicken stock and simmer until reduced by one third. In a small bowl press together remaining butter and flour with fingertips until well blended, then slowly add to the sauce while stirring with a wooden spoon. Simmer until sauce resembles loose gravy, about 5 minutes. Serve warm with the chicken., ingredients: [4 cups water, 1 lemon, quartered and juiced, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup kosher salt, Four 6ounce boneless chicken breasts with skin, 4 drops liquid smoke, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 8 sage leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 sweet onion, chopped, 8 ounces baby bella mushrooms, sliced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup semidry white wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour], title: Grilled Chicken with White Wine Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: lHeu0qDNb5Ja72Jy8v.LoRPoYle9rqm}, 32141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease an 8inch square baking dish with butter. Stir cheese, corn, and scallions into packaged mixed corn muffin batter.nPour batter into baking dish and bake at 400 degrees F until golden, 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [1 8 12ounce package corn muffin mix, mixed to package directions, Softened butter, to grease baking dish, 13 pound Monterey Jack or pepper Jack, cut into 14inch dice, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Cracked Corn and Cheese Squares, picturelink: OY0qKWNZS6ek2XgoCOyfvRs7So2mHlW}, 32142: {instructions: Remove and discard all but 1 inch of the collard stems. Cut the remaining stems out of the leaves, separating the leaves and stems. Cut the leaves into 2inch squares. Slice the stems into thin slices.nWash the leaves in a big basin of water. Leave the water in the basin or sink and use a strainer to dip the leaves out of the water. Dont wash the leaves inside a colander or pour the water off the container with the leaves inside this would allow any sand to stay with the greens. Wash the stems separately in the same basin of water, using the same method as the leaves.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. Have a colander ready in the sink to drain the greens and a bowl of water with ice cubes in it to chill the greens.nCook the stems for 1 minute. Add the leaves, and once they turn bright green, fish out a small leaf to taste it. The greens are done when they taste tender. You cant really tell whether the greens are done without tasting them.nPour the cooked greens into the colander to drain. Once the hot water has drained off, carefully put the hot greens into the ice water. Once the greens feel cool to the touch, drain them in a colander again. Drain for about 10 to 15 minutes so that they are quite dry. At this point, the greens may be stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.nPut the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the onions gently in the oil. Raise the heat and add the peppers, and then the garlic. Add the blanched greens and saute until heated through. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 bunch collard greens, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, sliced, 12 red or green bell pepper, sliced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Collard Greens with Garlic, Peppers and Onions, picturelink: 6k8m8e1DIW9Xo7T7WZaJRG9xsiottxu}, 32143: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nChop garlic cloves then sprinkle with some salt and smash to make a paste. Set a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Add butter, oil and garlic and swirl pan. Add oyster crackers and chopped flatleaf parsley and toss to coat. Spread out on a sheet tray, season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with shredded Parmigiano. Pop into the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes until golden and crispy., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups oyster crackers, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Parmesan Oyster Crackers, picturelink: A8izIMCGB0aBjJ05JxLX2VSJ2Rpb4Am}, 32144: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the mint leaves in the bottom of an oldfashioned glass and top with the sugar. Muddle these together until the leaves begin to break down. Add a splash of seltzer water, fill the glass 34 full with crushed ice, and add the bourbon. Top with another splash of seltzer, stir, and garnish with a sprig of mint. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 mint leaves, plus a sprig for garnish, 1 12 teaspoons superfine sugar, Seltzer water, Crushed ice, 2 12 ounces Kentucky bourbon whiskey], title: Mint Julep, picturelink: O1ExEwuhtSuMOv7c.rZe38rJ9vx6Fq}, 32145: {instructions: Preheat the oven 475 degrees, with a pie stone or baking sheet inside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 10 by 14inch rectangle. Sprinkle with pepperoni, Sauteed mushrooms, sauteed onions, red peppers, leaving a 1inch border on all side. Mix the cheese and the herbs together in a small bowl and sprinkle over toppings.nRoll the stromboli into a log. Seal the dough by pinching the edges and seam.nSprinkle some cornmeal on a pizza paddle and place the stromboli, seamside down on the paddle. Brush the stromboli with 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil. Carefully place it on the preheated baking sheet or pizza stone. Turn down oven temperature to 400 degrees and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 5 to 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [Dough for 1 medium pizza, thawed, if frozen, 9 ounces pepperoni, sliced thinly, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced Sauteed, 1 large onion, sliced, sauteed, 1 red pepper, sliced, roasted, 112 cups shredded Mozzarella cheese, 3 tablespoons fresh basil and parsley, minced, Cornmeal, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Stromboli, picturelink: null}, 32146: {instructions: Arrange the potato chips on a medium serving dish, allowing them to overlap slightly. Top the chips with the pulled pork, then top with the Jalapeno Hollandaise Sauce. Sprinkle the Cotija cheese and cilantro over the top of the dish and serve immediately.nIn a small saucepan over low heat, bring the butter to a boil, being careful not to scorch the butter. In a blender, mix the egg yolks and champagne vinegar on high speed. With the blender running, add the melted butter in a slow, steady stream. The sauce should be somewhat thick and custardlike if it is too thick, add water, 1 teaspoon at a time, to thin. Stir in the lime juice, roasted jalapeno, cumin and salt., ingredients: [8 ounces kettle cooked potato chips, 8 ounces leftover or storebought barbeque pulled pork, 8 ounces Jalapeno Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces Mexican Cotija cheese, 1 ounce fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 sticks butter, 4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 small fireroasted jalapeno, chopped, Pinch cumin, Pinch kosher salt], title: Sin City Dirty Chips, picturelink: null}, 32147: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a food processor and pulse until finely ground.nWhisk the ground walnuts, 12 cup confectioners sugar, the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in the egg yolk, maple syrup and maple extract until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low add the flour mixture and beat until the dough comes together, about 2 minutes.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Form teaspoonfuls of dough into balls and arrange about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until golden, 18 to 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven and brush the cookies with maple syrup let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets. Put the remaining 2 cups confectioners sugar in a shallow bowl add the cookies in batches and toss to coat, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 cup walnuts, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, plus more for brushing, 1 teaspoon maple extract], title: WalnutMaple Sandies, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 32148: {instructions: Put a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once the oil is hot, remove the pan from the heat and add the wheat berries, then return to the heat. Add a pinch of salt and allow the berries to toast. Add 3 12 cups water and cook until the wheat berries start to break apart and the water is mostly absorbed, about 45 minutes. Taste they should be chewy but firm. Set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add salt until the water tastes like mild seawater. How will you know Taste a drop of water.nPrepare an ice bath by filling a large bowl with cold water. Add some ice cubes and line the bowl with a strainer. Stir the green beans into the ice bath within the strainer to awaken any beans that are limp. Strain and add them to the boiling water cook 2 to 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon or spider to remove the beans from the water, immediately transferring them back to the ice bath. Allow them to sit in the ice bath for a few minutes, swirling them gently.nTransfer the green beans to a kitchen towel and pat dry. Transfer them to a serving bowl and refrigerate.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the remaining 23 cup olive oil, the sherry vinegar and balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. When ready to serve, add the wheat berries to the beans and drizzle with the vinaigrette to taste. Toss to combine and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [23 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup wheat berries, soaked in water overnight, drained and thoroughly dried, Kosher salt, 1 pound small green beans, stems snapped or cut off, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground pepper], title: Simple Green Bean Salad, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 32149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 2 12quart slow cookernPlace the chickpeas, garlic, and kosher salt in the bowl of a food processor. Process for 15 to 20 seconds. Stop, scrape down the sides of the bowl, and process for another 15 to 20 seconds. Add the lemon juice and water. Process for 20 seconds. Add the tahini. Process for 20 seconds, then scrape down the sides of the bowl. With the processor running, drizzle in the olive oil.nTo serve, transfer the hummus to a bowl and drizzle with additional olive oil and sprinkle with sumac, to taste, if desired.nPlace the water, chickpeas, and baking soda in a 2 12quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on high heat for 4 hours, or on low heat for 8 to 9 hours, or until tender. Drain and serve immediately, or use in desired dish., ingredients: [1 pound Slow Cooker Chickpeas, cooled, recipe follows, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup water, 13 cup tahini, stirred well, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for serving, Powdered sumac, optional, 7 cups water, 1 pound dry chickpeas, sorted and rinsed, 14 teaspoon baking soda], title: Hummus For Real, picturelink: 0Bf6gZkYuNq.ESNnCLEZ7IdKJYq9fcK}, 32150: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bagnPut the eggs in a pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat, cover and let sit 10 minutes. Drain, cool and peel the eggs. Cut off the top third of each egg and scoop out the yolks into a medium bowl.nMash the yolks with a fork. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, chives, hot sauce and paprika and mix until well blended. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the yolk mixture to a piping bag and pipe back into the whites. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 teaspoons paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Upright Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 32151: {instructions: Special equipment: 30 Champagne coupe glassesnTo build a Champagne tower, arrange 16 Champagne coupe glasses in even rows, 4by4, with all glasses touching. Pour 1 ounce creme de cassis into each glass.nPlace 9 glasses in even rows, 3by3, on top, with all glasses touching, then pour 1 ounce creme de cassis into each glass. Build 4 glasses on top in rows, 2by2, in the center, again filling each with 1 ounce creme de cassis. Place 1 glass at the top of the tower, also in the center, and fill with 1 ounce creme de cassis.nSlowly pour Champagne into the top glass and let it overflow into the glasses below, continuing to pour until all the glasses are full. Top with black currents or black raspberries and serve., ingredients: [30 ounces chilled creme de cassis, 6 bottles chilled Champagne, Small bunches black currants or black raspberries, for garnish], title: Champagne Tower with Farmhouse Kir, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 32152: {instructions: In a bowl, soak the roots in water overnight, rinse, and squeeze dry. Tear the roots into long, thin strips, using a paring knife. Rub 1 tablespoon salt into the roots using your hands to remove the bitterness of the roots. Rinse with water and squeeze out excess water. In a bowl, combine the roots with the remaining ingredients. Mix well., ingredients: [1 cup dried toraji bellflower roots, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon Korean red pepper powder, 12 teaspoon kochujang Korean red pepper paste, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Toraji Namul Bellflower Root Salad, picturelink: null}, 32153: {instructions: In a small hot skillet, saute the mushrooms in olive oil. Add the chopped garlic and then deglaze the pan with red wine vinegar. Remove from the heat and cool. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, mix together the watercress, carrot, red bell pepper, and jicama. Add the cooled mushrooms and toss lightly to combine. Set aside.nTo flatten the steaks, coat 4 15 by 12inch sheets of plastic wrap or parchment paper with 12 teaspoon of vegetable oil each. Sandwich each tenderloin, with the grain running vertically, between 2 sheets with the oiled side facing the meat. Flatten each steak with the flat side of a heavy cleaver or mallet, using steady, even sweeping strokes from the center out as you would roll pie dough, until the steak is a thin oval of about 14 by 10 inches. It should be thin like a blanket, hence the name sabana. This process takes about 5 minutes per steak.nPreheat a lightly oiled very large nonstick skillet or castiron pan over high heat. Peel the paper off the steaks and brush both sides with the Chimichurri Dressing. Sear steaks, 1 at a time, in the hot pan, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. The cooking time will not be long because the steaks have been pounded so thin.nMelt the butter in a small hot skillet. Crack the eggs into the pan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook eggs sunny side up.nTo serve, place 1 steak on a large serving plate. Toss the salad with the remaining Chimichurri dressing to coat serve the salad over the steak. Slide a fried egg on top of each and serve.nIn a small bowl, whisk together all ingredients., ingredients: [12 pound white mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 bunches watercress, washed and stems trimmed, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 small jicama, peeled and julienned, 2 8ounce beef tenderloin filets, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Chimichurri Dressing, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 3 ounces red wine vinegar, 8 ounces olive oil Salt], title: Sabana Chimichurri Salad, picturelink: null}, 32154: {instructions: In a punch bowl, combine the egg nog, rum, and white chocolate liqueur. When you are ready to serve, whisk the egg nog to make it frothy and pour the mixture into cups. Place 1 heaping tablespoon of the whipped topping into each cup. Garnish each with the grated white chocolate and a sprinkling of pumpkin pie spice., ingredients: [1 quart eggnog, 12 cup white rum recommended: Myers Platinum, 12 cup white chocolate liqueur, 1 cup whipped topping, Grated white chocolate, for garnish, Pumpkin pie spice, for garnish], title: White Chocolate Eggnog, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 32155: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3 34inch round cookie cutter a 2 34inch round cookie cutternPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the two sheets of dough. Using a 3 34inch round cookie cutter, cut out 12 circles. Using a 2 34inch round cookie cutter, cut out another 12 circles, rerolling dough scraps if necessary. Place 6 of the larger circles on the parchment. Place 6 of the smaller circles on top of the larger circles, overlapping by 12 inch, to form the snowmens heads.nSpread the 6 snowmen shapes with a heaping tablespoonful of marmalade each, leaving a 14inch border all around. Brush the edges with the beaten egg. Cover each snowman body with one of the remaining large circles, then cover the snowmens heads with the smaller circles. Crimp the outer edges of the snowmen with a fork to seal, then lightly crimp the lower edge of the head to attach it to the body. Chill at least 30 minutes.nBake the tarts until flaky and golden, 20 to 25 minutes, brushing with the milk after 10 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nMeanwhile, whisk together the lemon juice and confectioners sugar until smooth. Spread the glaze on the cooled tarts and let set, about 5 minutes.nFit a small pastry bag with a 1 or 2 plain pastry tip, or snip 18inch off the tip of a resealable plastic bag. Place the chocolate chips in a microwavesafe bowl microwave, stirring every 30 seconds, until just melted, about 1 12 minutes total. Transfer the chocolate to the pastry bag or plastic bag and pipe details like eyes, mouths and buttons on the snowmen. Finish with an apricot nose on each. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, One 14ounce package refrigerated pie dough, 12 cup orange marmalade, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup milk, 5 teaspoons lemon juice from about 1 lemon, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 ounces about 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 6 dried apricots, sliced into long triangles], title: Snowman Hand Pies, picturelink: null}, 32156: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the flour, salt, and nutmeg. In a separate bowl, combine the eggs and milk. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and stir until smooth let stand for 30 minutes. Press the batter through a sieve into boiling salted water. Cook about 1 minute. Drop cooked spaetzle into ice water. Drain spaetzle and set aside.nIn a skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add onions and cook until soft, about 4 to 5 minutes. In a separate skillet, saute the cooked spaetzle in the oil until golden. Add the bacon mixture, season as needed with salt and pepper, and garnish with chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup milk, 14 pound smoked bacon, diced, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bacon Onion Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 32157: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush a shallow 3quart baking dish with olive oil. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until very al dente you still want it to retain a little bite. Reserve 12 cup pasta water. Drain well.nMeanwhile, in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the sausage and cook and crumble with a wooden spoon until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Add the onion and fennel cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and season with salt. Bring to a simmer and add the cream. If the sauce is too thick, add a little water from the pasta. Turn up the heat to medium high and simmer rapidly to thicken the sauce and blend the flavors, about 10 minutes.nAdd the rigatoni and basil and toss to coat the pasta with the sauce. Remove from the heat and stir in half each of the mozzarella and parmesan. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella and parmesan. Bake until browned and bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes. Let sit 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the baking dish, Kosher salt, 1 pound rigatoni, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from the casings, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 medium bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 8 ounces, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese 1 ounce], title: Sausage Pasta Casserole, picturelink: null}, 32158: {instructions: Add the berries to a bowl along with the sugar and orange juice. Let sit at room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes, until juicy.nMeanwhile, add the yogurt and honey to a bowl. Stir with a spoon to mix in the honey and smooth out so the mixture will be more spreadable.nCut the angel food cake into large chunks using a serrated knife, and add about onethird of the cake to the bottom of a medium trifle dish. Add a layer of the syrupy berries and then a layer of yogurt, reserving a few spoonfuls of yogurt for the end. Repeat the layers until you have no more remaining ingredients. Finish the top with the few spoonfuls of yogurt in the center and the fresh, whole strawberries.nCover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour and up to overnight., ingredients: [5 cups fresh strawberries, hulled and sliced, plus a few whole, for garnish, One 6ounce container blueberries, One 6ounce container raspberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, Juice 12 orange, 4 cups lowfat 2percent Greek yogurt, 14 cup honey, One 17ounce storebought angel food cake], title: Angel Food Cake and Berry Trifle, picturelink: 8BnMJtH4IVNT1.p33YwgNiPiu5d3uz2}, 32159: {instructions: Soak the mushrooms in 1 cup hot water, 5 minutes. Strain through a paper towellined sieve, reserving the liquid. Rinse the mushrooms.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, pulse the mushrooms, carrots, celery, onion and thyme in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat 4 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetables, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until they start browning, about 4 minutes. Add the wine and the reserved mushroom liquid bring to a simmer, scraping up the browned bits. Cook until reduced by half, about 3 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes to the pot and cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Add the basil, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the tortellini. Toss to coat, adding the reserved pasta water as needed to loosen.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [34 cup dried porcini mushrooms about 12 ounce, Kosher salt, 1 20ounce package cheese tortellini, 3 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can peeled San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 cup fresh basil, torn], title: Pasta with Vegetable Bolognese, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 32160: {instructions: Heat a small amount of canola oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage meat and brown. Drain off any excess fat and add spinach. Cook together until flavors integrate and spinach softens, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason mushroom caps with salt and pepper and toss with canola oil. Stuff mushroom caps with sausagespinach mixture and sprinkle with Parmesan. Brown in oven and serve., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil, as needed to saute sausage and coat mushrooms, 1 pound chorizo sausage, casings removed, 3 cups fresh spinach, soaked in salt water to remove grit and dried in a salad spinner, and cut brunoise julienne then crosswise into 12inch pieces, 32 large white button mushrooms about 16 ounces, cleaned and stems removed, Salt and pepper, 12 cup Parmesan], title: Ketchikan Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 32161: {instructions: Place the water, soy and sake in a large saucepot over a medium flame. Add the kombu and simmer until the kombu softens. Add the carrots and daikon, simmer until the carrots and diakon just soften about 212 minutes, then remove from the flame. Discard the kombu, and reserve the carrots and daikon. Add the mushrooms and shaved bonito or dashi flakes and soak until the liquid comes to room temperature. Remove mushrooms from dashi liquid, thinly slice the mushrooms and set aside.nPlace 1 cup of mushroom dashi in the bottom of a small wok. Set a bamboo rice steamer over the dashi. Bring the dashi to a simmer over a medium flame. Place the bass fillets in the steamer and cover. Steam 6 to 8 minutes or until the bass is just cooked. Meanwhile, place the remaining dashi in a medium saucepot over a medium flame. Add the carrots, daikon, mushrooms, mustard greens, and kombu battera. Bring to a simmer. Divide the broth and vegetables equally into 2 warmed bowls. Arrange the carrots and daikon lattice style to support the bass. Lay the bass over the lattice and sprinkle with fleur de sel. Yield: 2 servings, ingredients: [1 quart water, 34 cup high quality soy sauce, 8 ounces sake, 1 to 2 large kombu leaves, soaked for one minute, 8 medium carrot batons 14 by 14 by 4inch, 8 medium daikon batons 14 by 14 by 4inch, 1 cup dried mushrooms, 2 tablespoons dashi flakes or 14 cup shaved bonito, for dashi flakes, 1 quart mushroom dashi, 2 8ounc black bass fillets, 8 blanched carrot batons, 8 blanched daikon batons, Sliced mushrooms from dashi preparation, 1 cup sliced Chinese or regular mustard greens, 24 kombu battera, cut in half lengthwise, Coarse fleur de sel, to garnish], title: Steamed Black Bass with Kombu Noodles and Mushroom Dashi, picturelink: null}, 32162: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a large sheet tray, spread the pound cake cubes evenly and drizzle with the melted butter. Bake for 10 minutes, until golden brown and toasted.nFor the whipped cream, combine the heavy cream and sugar in a bowl and whisk until soft peaks begin to form. Alternatively, use an electric beater to whip the cream. Add the lemon zest and juice and continue to whip to combine. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill to medium heat. Brush the fruit with oil. Grill until the fruit is caramelized and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes per side for the bananas and pineapple and 1 to 2 minutes per side for the strawberries. If the strawberries are small, skewer them to grill. Remove from heat when slightly cool, slice the fruit into large pieces.nPlace the toasted pound cake in a large bowl and top with the whipped cream, grilled fruit, sliced almonds, honey and mint., ingredients: [12 storebought pound cake, cubed about 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, chilled, 2 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest plus 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 bananas, halved, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and quartered lengthwise, 1 pint strawberries, whole, stems removed, Vegetable oil, for brushing the fruit, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 tablespoon orange blossom honey, Chopped fresh mint, for garnish], title: Grilled Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 32163: {instructions: In a small bowl add all of the spice rub ingredients. Stir together with a fork until well blended. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the rub for the Grilled Brisket recipe. Sprinkle the remaining spice rub over the chicken parts until well coated.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook for 8 to 10 minutes per side. If using an outdoor grill, heat the grill on low. Arrange the chicken on the grill, cover and grill over indirect heat until cooked through about 10 to 15 minutes per side.nWhile the chicken is grilling add all the barbeque sauce ingredients to a small pan and stir well to combine. Bring to a simmer over low heat and let cook for 5 minutes.nBrush the chicken with the barbeque sauce. Cook for 3 minutes, flip and brush the other side of the chicken with remaining sauce and cook and additional 3 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving. Arrange the chicken on a serving platter and keep warm.nBrush the squash with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put on the grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side over direct heat. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and cut into 12inch thick slices. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds bonein chicken thighs, 12 cup barbeque sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 yellow squash, sliced lengthwise in 12, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper], title: Barbeque Chicken with Grilled Squash, picturelink: null}, 32164: {instructions: Rinse the rice. Cover with water and soak for 12 hours. Drain.nWash the almonds, cover with water, and soak for 6 to 8 hours. Shell the almonds and slip the skins off them. Discard the shells and skins.nPuree the rice in a blender. Set aside.nPuree the almonds, to a fine paste, in a blender.nMix the rice, almond paste, cinnamon, sugar, and the 6 quarts water, in a large glass jar or clear pitcher. Refrigerate until chilled.nServe the horchata in tall glasses over ice cubes., ingredients: [3 cups long grain white rice, Water to cover, plus 6 quarts water, 2 cups raw almonds, unshelled, 14 cup freshly ground cinnamon, 2 12 cups sugar, or to taste], title: Horchata, picturelink: null}, 32165: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat cream cheese, eggs, sugar, sour cream, and vanilla until smooth. Pour over piecrust and bake for 50 minutes until center is set. To prevent cake from cracking, place shallow pan half full of hot water on lower rack of oven during baking.nCool the cheesecake on a rack for 1 hour then refrigerate for at least 3 hours until cold.nTo prepare Raspberry sauce: In a small saucepan, combine raspberries, sugar, and water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and reduce mixture by 12.nTo Plate: Serve a wedge of cheesecake with pool of each sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 4 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 pint sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 10inch Graham Cracker pie crust, 1 pint raspberries, 2 cups water, Your favorite chocolate sauce], title: Homemade Cheesecake with Raspberry and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32166: {instructions: Cook the jasmine rice according to package directions and set aside, covered to keep warm. Spread the shallot slices out in a single layer and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the shallots in the flour and toss in a handheld sieve to shake off excess. Repeat process with the grated celery root.nIn a deep pan heat 1 to 2inches of the oil to 360 degrees F. Fry the shallots until golden brown and transfer to paper towels to drain. Season immediately with salt. Repeat process for the celery root. Add the fried shallots and celery root to the cooked rice and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [16 ounces jasmine rice, 4 to 5 large shallots, peeled and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Wondra flour for dredging, 1 small bulb of celery root, peeled and grated, Peanut oil for frying], title: Jasmine Rice with Crispy Shallots and Celery Root, picturelink: null}, 32167: {instructions: Press the rice cereal treat mixture evenly into a 13 by 9 by 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. When cooled, cut into 12 pieces by cutting into thirds lengthwise and fourths crosswise.nHeat milk in a saucepan over low heat. Stir in sugar until it dissolves. Stirring constantly, add caramel topping until all ingredients are mixed and becomes a sauce. The sauce will be a consistency into which you will be able to fold in the bananas without mashing them, but is still thick. If necessary, use instant flour to thicken. Slice bananas into the sauce and fold in gently.nSpoon bananas and caramel sauce over rice cereal treats. Top with minimarshmallows and a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 recipe rice cereal treats recommended: Rice Krispies Treats prepared according to instructions on the box, 1 cup milk, 12 cup sugar, 3 to 6 tablespoons instant flour recommended: Wondra or enough as needed to adjust the thickness of the sauce, 1 12 cups 1 12ounce jar caramel ice cream topping, 3 or 4 bananas, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 1 quart vanilla ice cream], title: Caramallow Campbanana Crunchies, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 32168: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason chicken with salt and pepper. Toss with a 2 tablespoons olive oil and brown on both sides in a wide fry pan or skillet over high heat. Remove from heat, add oil, thyme, and garlic cloves. Cover and bake for 1 12 hours.nRemove chicken from the oven, let rest for 5 to 10 minutes, carve, and serve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken broilerfryer cut into 8 pieces, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 40 peeled cloves garlic, Salt and pepper], title: 40 Cloves and a Chicken, picturelink: mxCzGQQonIAzgBYFi0nUBrw3TWwhcFG}, 32169: {instructions: Put the balsamic vinegar in a small bowl and slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, toss the spinach, cranberries and almonds with some of the vinaigrette. Toss to mix and serve., ingredients: [14 cup fig balsamic vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, One 6ounce bag baby spinach, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup toasted slivered almonds], title: Cranberry Spinach Salad with Fig Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32170: {instructions: Add 1 tablespoon of oil to a hot skillet and cook the onions until they just begin to brown. Add the remaining oil to another hot skillet and cook the beef about 45 seconds on each side or until just cooked through. Put the meat on the roll and top with the onions and Cheese Whiz. Add ketchup and relish if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy oil, 12 cup diced white onion, 6 18inch thick slices rib eye of beef, 1 Italian roll, slit lengthwise, 14 cup Cheese Whiz, Ketchup and pickle relish  optional], title: Philadelphia Cheesesteaks, picturelink: null}, 32171: {instructions: Make the banana bread: Adjust an oven rack to the lowest position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9inch loaf pan with the softened butter. Place the 5 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan set over medium heat and cook until the butter turns a deep golden brown color, about 2 minutes stir in the espresso powder. Remove and let cool slightly.nWhisk the flour, baking soda and kosher salt together in a medium bowl.nUsing a potato masher, mash the bananas in a medium bowl until pretty smooth. Add the sugars, cooled brown butter and egg and whisk until combined. Add the flour mixture and whisk until just combined, dont overmix. Fold in the chopped chocolate.nScrape the batter into the prepared loaf pan and bake on the lowest oven rack until a toothpick inserted into the center of the banana bread comes out with just a few moist crumbs attached, 40 to 50 minutes. Let the banana bread cool on a baking rack in the pan for 15 minutes. Use a knife to separate the edges of the banana bread from the pan, then invert it and cool the loaf directly on the rack for at least 30 minutes before slicing.nMake the espressocinnamon butter: Stir the butter, sugar, espresso, cinnamon and salt together in a small bowl until smooth. Serve with the banana bread., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra at room temperature for greasing the pan, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, spooned and leveled, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 mediumripe bananas the peel should be pretty black, peeled and halved, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons lightlypacked light brown sugar, 1 large egg, beaten, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, Pinch of ground cinnamon, Pinch of fine salt], title: EspressoChocolate Chip Banana Bread with EspressoCinnamon Butter, picturelink: DEwPl8iMmFPFMq7l2l.7v5UW1cfGZli}, 32172: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon zest, salt and cinnamon. Add in the butter and rub with your fingers into the dry ingredients until a coarse meal forms. Add in the cherries and almonds. Add the heavy cream and combine it into the butter flour mixture.nForm the dough into a 1inch thick disk and cut it into 6 wedges. Sprinkle each wedge generously with the turbinado sugar. Transfer the wedges to a parchmentlined sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven for 17 to 18 minutes, turning the pan halfway through. Serve warm with Honey Butter.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, add all ingredients and whip on high speed until the cream starts to clump and turn light yellow. Continue mixing as butter forms and the buttermilk begins to separate out. Scrape sides and continue mixing until mixture is one lump of butter. Place butter into a clean container or serving dish and store in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 lemon, zested, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 sticks cold butter, cut into pea size pieces, 1 cup dried cherries, 12 cup toasted sliced almonds, 12 cup heavy cream, Turbinado sugar, for garnishing, Honey Butter, recipe follows, 12 pint cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 orange, zested], title: Dried Cherry Almond Scones, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 32173: {instructions: Filling: In a heavy bottom medium saucepan add 4 pints blueberries, the sugar, and the lemon juice. Coarsely mash the berries with a fork. Stir over mediumhigh heat until the sugar dissolves and mixture boils and thickens, about 8 minutes. In a medium bowl whisk the egg yolks and cornstarch together. Slowly whisk in half of the hot berry mixture making sure not to cook egg yolks, then return the egg mixture to the pan. Stir over mediumhigh heat until mixture boils and thickens, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the butter, and lemon peel. Transfer the filling to a bowl, cover and refrigerate overnight.nCrust: Mix the flour, 13 cup sliced almonds, sugar, and salt in a food processor until the almonds are finely ground. Add the butter, pulsing until the mixture looks like coarse meal. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolk, and almond extract. Add the mixture to the food processor and blend until moist clumps form. Gather the dough into a ball and flatten it into a disk. Lightly butter a 9inchdiameter tart pan with a removable bottom. Press the dough onto the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Pierce the crust all over with fork, and freeze for 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degree F. Line the crust with foil, and fill it with dried beans or pie weights.nBake until the crust is set, about 12 minutes. Remove the foil and beans, and continue to bake until the crust is golden, about 16 minutes more. Cool the crust completely on a rack. Spread the filling in the crust, and sprinkle the remaining 1 14 pints of blueberries over the filling. In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the black currant jelly and stir until melted. Brush the jelly over the berries as a glaze. Sprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons sliced almonds around the edge of the tart. Cover loosely with foil and chill at least 2 hours. Remove the pan sides. Put the tart on a platter, and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 14 pints fresh blueberries, divided, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup sliced almonds, plus 2 tablespoons, lightly toasted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick chilled butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 large egg yolk, 13 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup black currant jelly], title: Blueberry Almond Breakfast Tart, picturelink: Pl29lX3oGz69zMDz20GYX6.liYl1ZC}, 32174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season turkey with salt and pepper. Add turkey and saute breaking any large lumps until golden brown. Remove meat from pan and set aside. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to pan and heat. Add chopped mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the liquid from the mushrooms has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Add the peas and saute for 4 minutes. Return the meat to the pan and cook for another 3 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nWhen the pot of water has come to a boil, add pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain in a colander. Return pasta to the pot and add the meat mixture. Combine thoroughly and gently cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Drizzle in remaining olive oil. If the mixture is dry, do not hesitate to use more olive oil if necessary. Check the seasoning. Turn off the heat and add the grated cheese. Stir well and serve in large bowl., ingredients: [12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 pound ground turkey sausage, removed from casing, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 1 10ounce package frozen peas, defrosted slightly, 1 pound dried farfalle pasta, 12 cup freshly grated Grano Padano], title: Farfalle with Turkey Sausage, Peas and Mushrooms, picturelink: StBpDZNGNEz0C.yF3hWmY1WZGUj4WlW}, 32175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the acorn squash in half from top to bottom using a sharp knife. Use a spoon to scrape out the stuff inside. Cut each half into 4 equal wedges, and then place the wedges, skinside down, in a baking dish. Sprinkle lightly with salt.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, salt, rosemary and chili powder in a bowl and mix into a paste. Smear the paste all over the squash.nRoast in the oven for 20 minutes. Then baste with the butter mixture from the bottom of the pan and return to the oven for another 20 minutes.nServe in the baking dish, drizzling more sauce at the end. Yummy, ingredients: [2 acorn squash, Salt, 1 stick butter, 12 cup brown sugar firmly packed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon chili powder], title: Sweet Roasted Rosemary Acorn Squash Wedges, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 32176: {instructions: Slice the cutlets in half and pound each cutlet 14inch thick. Sprinkle each cutlet with salt and pepper on one side only do not salt the side the prosciutto will be on or it will become too salty. Using a toothpick, secure a slice of prosciutto and a sage leaf on top of each cutlet.nAdd the flour to a plate, sprinkle with salt and pepper and whisk together. Dredge each cutlet through the flour, shaking to get rid of the excess flour.nIn a 12inch skillet, melt the butter in the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Then add 4 cutlets, prosciuttoside down, into the pan. Cook about 3 minutes on each side. Add the wine to the skillet and cook until the sharp smell of the wine is cooked off, about 3 minutes. Repeat with the remaining cutlets using a clean skillet. Serve the cutlets on a large platter and drizzle with the sauce. Garnish with fresh sage., ingredients: [6 veal cutlets about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices prosciutto di Parma, 12 large sage leaves, plus more for garnish, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup dry white wine], title: Saltimbocca alla Romana, picturelink: null}, 32177: {instructions: Bring the bacon to room temperature. Lay the strips in a cold skillet, raise the heat to medium and cook, turning, until desired crispness, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels. For large batches, lay the strips on a foillined baking sheet in a cold oven set to 400 degrees F and bake 15 to 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Bacon, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 32178: {instructions: For the glaze: Add the sugar to an unheated rondeau. Gently heat the pan, stirring constantly, to create a dry caramel. Stop the cooking process by adding the champagne vinegar. Cook and reduce by half. Add white port, and again reduce by half. Add white wine, and again reduce by half. Add the orange and lemon zest, cinnamon sticks, and pomegranate juice. Cook and reduce by half. Strain. Transfer liquid to a clean saucepot and reduce until it is a syrupy consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the vegetables: Heat 2 saute pans, and put 1 tablespoon of corn oil in each. Add the plantains to 1, and toss to coat. Add the butter to the pan, and sprinkle with sugar and a dash each of salt and pepper. Note: If the plantains are extremely ripe, which is ideal, you can omit the sugar: the plantains will contain enough. Continue to cook until the plaintains are golden, then remove them to a paper towel. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Next, heat the other tablespoon of oil in the other pan and add the long beans. Coat them with the oil. Add the shallots and bacon, and cook all until tender. Add the carmelized plaintains to the pan, toss everything together, and cook for about 1 minute. Remove from heat and set aside.nFor the squab liver: In a saute pan, heat corn oil. Pan sear the liver to a rosy hue. Remove from heat.nFor the squab: Season the squab with salt and pepper. Heat a small rondeau, add 1 12 tablespoons of the oil and heat to the oils smoking point. Place the squab in the pan, and cook on each side until a golden brown color is achieved. Remove from the pan and allow to rest for 12 minutes. Debone the squab so that you have 2 sections of meat, each consisting of half the breast meat and the meat of 1 leg. Heat a clean rondeau, and add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons of oil. Cook the squab meat until the fat is rendered and the skin is crisp. After 2 minutes, add the butter. When all steam has evaporated and the butter begins to bubble, baste the squab for 3 minutes. Remove from the rondeau and allow to rest. With a kitchen brush, coat the squab with the pomegranate glaze. Plate with warmed vegetables, and garnish with mint., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 12 cups champagne vinegar, 1 12 cups white port, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 6 oranges, zested, 12 lemons, zested, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 gallon fresh pomegranate juice, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 2 ounces ripe plantains, quartered and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 teaspoon butter, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces Chinese long beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 34ounce applewood smoked bacon, thinly sliced and julienned, 1 teaspoon shallots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 4 squab liver, halved, 4 12ounce squab, wingtips removed, trussed with butchers twine, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons corn oil, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Laquered Squab with Long Beans, picturelink: null}, 32179: {instructions: To a jar with a tightfitting lid, add the Parmesan, olive oil, mustard, vinegar and salt. Screw on the top and shake vigorously to emulsify. Set aside to let the flavors marry.nIn a large bowl, toss together the romaine, radicchio, basil, cucumber, avocado and pita chips. Pour the dressing over the salad, sprinkle with the salt and toss gently to coat and combine., ingredients: [14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, 1 large head radicchio, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 English cucumber, peeled and diced, 1 avocado, pitted, flesh scooped and diced, 2 cups pita chips, crushed, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Chopped Romaine and Radicchio Salad, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 32180: {instructions: Special equipment: three 6inch cake pans a convection ovennPreheat a convection oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk the vinegar into the milk in a medium bowl and set it aside to curdle for 5 minutes.nAdd the granulated sugar, oil and vanilla to the milk mixture and beat by hand with a whisk until foamy.nSift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients in 2 batches, beating with an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until no lumps.nGrease three 6inch cake pans with nonstick cooking spray. Divide the batter among them and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean, about 20 minutesnLet cool slightly, then remove the cakes from the pans. Cool the cakes in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Soak the cake rounds with Coffee Simple Syrup by brushing about 13 cup onto each layer as you build the cake. To build: Spread the White Chocolate Buttercream on one soaked cake round, then add a heavy drizzle of Caramel Sauce. Add a second layer and repeat. Add the last layer and frost the whole cake with White Chocolate Buttercream.nAdd the sugar to a small saucepan fitted with a lid. Pour in the coffee and stir. Bring the mixture to a rolling boil over medium heat, stirring constantly, until sugar completely dissolves. Turn off the heat. Cover immediately and let cool for 15 minutes.nPut the white chocolate chips in a metal bowl. Bring the granulated sugar and 3 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce the heat. Mix the cornstarch with 1 cup of water in a small bowl to combine. Stir it into the sugar mixture. Bring to a boil. Pour the sugar mixture over the white chocolate. Stir by hand with a whisk to combine. As mixture cools, stir 2 more times over the next 40 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.nTransfer to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, add the butter and vanilla and mix until light and fluffy.nCombine the light brown sugar, butter, evaporated milk, vanilla and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until thickened., ingredients: [Chocolate Cake:, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 cup milk, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cocoa, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, Coffee Simple Syrup, recipe follows, White Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows, Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups granulated sugar, 3 12 cups brewed coffee, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 13 pounds white chocolate chips, 1 13 pounds granulated sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 pounds 8 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup light brown sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup evaporated milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Chocolate Cake with Salted Caramel and White Chocolate Buttercream, picturelink: A2seX8v4wJUvlBuSmOOTALZoIrFuqym}, 32181: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a large pot. Add asparagus and cook until bright green but still crisp, about 1 minute. Drain and pat dry.nArrange country ham, asparagus, and strawberries onto a mediumsized serving platter. Garnish with arugula and feta. Drizzle with the balsamic glaze, to taste., ingredients: [4 ounces thinly sliced prosciuttostyle country ham, 4 ounces asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 ounces strawberries, pitted and sliced thin, 12 cup arugula, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, Balsamic glaze, to taste], title: Country Ham Antipasto, picturelink: null}, 32182: {instructions: For the quiche: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a 10inch square baking dish on a baking sheet, brush the bottom and sides with the butter and sprinkle with the toasted cornmeal.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the canola oil in a large skillet over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, about 1 minute, then add the garlic and cook, stirring, another minute. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally and adding up to 1 tablespoon more of oil if necessary, until lightly golden brown and their liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Add the parsley and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Add the wine and cook until almost all of the liquid is gone, about 1 minute. Remove to a plate and cool.nBring the milk and 3 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Slowly whisk in the grits and bring to a boil, stirring. Cook the grits, stirring occasionally, until thickened and slightly soft, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the Asiago and half the Cheddar and some salt and pepper.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl. Whisk in a small amount of the grits mixture to warm the eggs, Whisk in the rest of the grits mixture and then fold in the mushrooms. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish and top with the remaining Cheddar. Bake the quiche until it is just set and the cheese is bubbling, about 50 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before serving.nFor the pesto: Combine the kale, Parmesan, walnuts, garlic, salt and pepper and a splash of the olive oil in a food processor and pulse several times to coarsely chop. With the motor running, add the remaining oil until the pesto is thick and creamy. Stir in the lemon zest and season with some salt and pepper. If too thick, add a few tablespoons of cold water.nTo serve: Spoon the quiche into shallow bowls. Spoon some of the kale pesto on top and drizzle with olive oil. Serve warm with the hot sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons stoneground cornmeal, lightly toasted in a dry pan, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 12 pounds mixed mushrooms such as cremini, shiitake, portobello, oyster, caps removed and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Splash of white wine, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup stoneground grits, 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, 4 ounces sharp white Cheddar, coarsely grated, 3 large eggs, Few dashes hot sauce, such as Cholula, 5 ounces baby kale, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup lightly toasted walnuts, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Mushroom Grits Quiche, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 32183: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, the juice of 2 limes, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 chopped red chile pepper, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add 1 sliced Kirby cucumber and 5 sliced grape tomatoes. Cook 4 ounces rice noodles as the label directs drain and rinse under cold water. Toss with the vegetables, along with some chopped basil, mint and cashews.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Asian Noodles, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 32184: {instructions: Put the marinade ingredients in a bowl. Add the chicken and stir well to combine all the flavors cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nHeat 2 inches of peanut oil in a wok or deep skillet to 375 degrees F. Mix the egg, cornstarch, water, and sesame oil in a large bowl until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Add the marinated chicken and coat it well with the batter. When the oil is hot, cook the chicken pieces in batches until they are browned and crisp, about 4 to 5 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels. When you have fried all the chicken, pour off all but 2 tablespoons of oil. Over high heat, add the chilies, scallion, garlic, ginger, and orange zest. Stirfry for 1 minute then pour in the soy sauce, chicken stock, vinegar, and honey and bring it to a boil. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons cornstarch with 2 tablespoons cold water until smooth. Pour the slurry into the boiling sauce, in 2 additions, until the sauce thickens. Add the chicken pieces and cook until they are heated through, about 2 more minutes. Garnish with scallions and cilantro leaves. Serve with white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 slices fresh ginger, smashed, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken, thinly sliced, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup cornstarch, plus 2 tablespoons for slurry, 12 cup water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 4 dried red Thai chilies, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 3 thick strips orange zest, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Steamed white rice, for serving], title: General Tsos Chicken, picturelink: null}, 32185: {instructions: Heat 2 smashed garlic cloves, 1 diced jalapeno and 1 teaspoon cumin seeds in a skillet with olive oil over low heat, 5 minutes. Toss a 15ounce can of black beans, 1 12 cups each diced cucumber and halved grape tomatoes, 4 chopped scallions, a squeeze of lime juice and some chopped cilantro in a bowl. Mash the hot garlic mixture and add to the beans. Season with salt and toss with watercress.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BlackBean Salad, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 32186: {instructions: Cut the conch in small thin strips. If desired, boil for 1 minute in seasoned water then chill in ice water. Add 12 of the lemon and lime juice and all of the garlic and ginger. Let stand for 30 minutes. Add all the vegetables, remaining juices and cilantro. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nServe with storebought plantain chips or make them yourself., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh conch preferably Bahamian, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, peeled and minced, 12 red onion, minced, 1 red pepper, seeded and minced, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and minced, 14 habanero, seeded and minced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Habanero Laced Bahamian Cracked Conch Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 32187: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the hazelnuts until they form a fine meal. Add the chickpeas and process until combined. Add the coconut sugar, cocoa powder, olive oil, vanilla and 14 cup water and process until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup hazelnuts, 1 cup canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup coconut sugar, 13 cup cocoa powder, 13 cup olive oil or coconut oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Chickpea Hazelnut Spread, picturelink: acuEfOWzryDnOCQk4w5MXjL7LmOMmMW}, 32188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, bring the coconut milk, chicken broth and curry paste to a boil over mediumhigh heat, whisking until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the carrot, red pepper, onion, corn, chile, basil, lime leaves and fish sauce. Bring to a simmer, cover the pan and cook for 30 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender.nAdd the shrimp, snap peas and half of the noodles reserve the remaining noodles for frying. Simmer, uncovered, until the shrimp are cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and discard the lime leaves and basil sprigs.nPour the canola oil into a large, wide saucepan fitted with a deepfry thermometer. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Add the reserved noodles and fry them until crispy, about 20 seconds. Drain on paper towels.nLadle the curry into four bowls. Garnish with cilantro and peanuts and serve., ingredients: [Two 15ounce cans coconut milk, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth or clam juice, 14 cup yellow curry paste, such as Mae Ploy, 1 medium carrot, peeled and sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 1 small red bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped into 14inch pieces, 1 small onion, chopped, One 15ounce can baby corn, drained, rinsed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 Thai chile or serrano chile, stemmed and thinly sliced, 5 sprigs Thai basil, with stems, 3 Thai lime leaves, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 ounces snap peas, halved, 8 ounces fresh thin rice noodles, 4 cups canola oil or safflower oil, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 13 cup lightly salted peanuts, chopped], title: Thai Curry, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 32189: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomato paste and cook, smearing and stirring constantly with a heatproof spatula or flatedged wooden spoon, until dark and aromatic, about 90 seconds. Add the chipotle, chili powder and oregano, and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the salsa and 1 14 cup water. Stir in the beans and hominy. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer for 25 minutes, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, bring 1 12 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan with a lid. Stir in the rice, reduce the heat to medium low, cover and simmer until the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes.nRemove the chili from the heat, stir in the cider vinegar and let stand 1 minute. Fluff the rice with a fork, divide it among 6 serving bowls and top with the chili. Serve with pickled jalapenos and tortilla chips, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 chipotle in adobo, smashed with a fork into a fine paste, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Two 16ounce jars mild salsa about 3 12 cups, Three 15ounce cans beans, such as kidney, black and pinto beans, or your preference, drained but not rinsed, One 15ounce can hominy or corn, drained but not rinsed, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 14 cup cider vinegar, Serving Suggestions: Tortilla chips and sliced pickled jalapenos], title: Spicy ThreeBean Pantry Chili, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 32190: {instructions: Wash and dry fruit. Place the fruit in a large bowl and set it over a larger bowl full of ice. Give each guest their own paring knife to peel and slice their choice of fruit., ingredients: [Selection of fresh seasonal fruits like apples, pears, oranges, peaches, plums for 4 people, Ice], title: Old World Italian Fruit Bowl on Ice, picturelink: null}, 32191: {instructions: Place mint leaves in bottom of glass.nAdd crushed ice, Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, sugar, and lime juice, and muddle.nAdd soda water and garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [1.25 oz. Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum 25 oz. per bottle, 12 mint leaves, 1 teaspoons sugar, .5 oz. lime juice, 2 oz. soda water], title: Mojito, picturelink: ltgiBE.44WsvrNGqLJjrMHSd.90CW}, 32192: {instructions: Heat a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetable oil and andouille and cook, stirring, until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Season the chicken with salt, then add to the pot in batches to brown, 5 minutes per side. Transfer to the plate with the andouille.nMake the roux: Remove the pot from the heat and cool slightly there should be about 14 cup drippings drain or add oil as needed. Return the pot to medium heat. Sprinkle in the flour and stir, scraping up the browned bits from the pan with a wooden spoon. Continue to cook, stirring, until the mixture smells nutty and turns a deep brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the celery, onion, bell pepper, garlic, cayenne, and salt to taste. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, 6 to 8 minutes.nWhisk in the broth. Return the chicken and andouille to the pot and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a plate and let cool slightly while the stew simmers remove the skin and shred the meat. Return the meat to the pot. Stir in the shrimp and sherry and cook until the shrimp turn pink, 2 to 3 more minutes. Season with salt and black pepper.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound andouille sausage, diced, 3 pounds skinon, bonein chicken thighs, Kosher salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 stalks celery, diced, 1 large onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp and Chicken Etouffee, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 32193: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine salt and sugar. Spread molasses evenly over pork belly, then coat with the pepper. Spread the salt and sugar mixture generously over the entire slab. Place into a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 3 days.nAfter three days have passed, remove the pork from the brine, rinse the belly, and pat dry with paper towels. Lay on a rack over a sheet pan and place in front of a fan for 1 hour to form a pellicle. Lay the pork in the protein box of a cold smoker and smoke for 4 to 6 hours. Chill the meat in the freezer for 1 hour to stiffen for easy slicing into strips of bacon. Slice what you need and keep the remainder in a freezer safe bag in the refrigerator or freezer.nPlace the strips of bacon onto a sheet pan fitted with a rack and place into a cold oven. Turn the oven to 400 degrees and cook for about 12 to 15 minutes, depending on how crispy you like your bacon. Remove from rack and drain on paper towels. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup salt, 34 cup sugar, 2 ounces molasses, 2 tablespoons coarse ground black pepper, 1 pound pork belly], title: Molasses Black Pepper Cure, picturelink: null}, 32194: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Have the children carefully lower the carrots and bow tie pasta into the water with liquid measuring cups. Stir with a spoon. Cook the pasta until it is no longer hard or stiff and drain in a colander, making sure that the children are at a safe distance as even the steam is hot.nHave the children snip the fresh dill over a cutting board with kitchen shears. Return the pasta and carrots to the pot. Add the butter and stir to combine. Stir in the dill. Mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon., ingredients: [8 ounces bow tie pasta, 1 12 cups packaged baby carrots, prepeeled, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt to taste], title: Carrots with Bow Tie Pasta, picturelink: null}, 32195: {instructions: Trim the fiddleheads and wash by rinsing in a sink of cold water up to 4 times. Drain. Cook in a pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and immediately plunge into a basin of icewater to set the color and stop the cooking. Drain, and set aside.nHeat the chicken stock with the saffron to boiling. Turn off the heat. In a bowl, beat together the yolks and lemon juice. Whisk a ladleful of the hot stock over the yolk mixture. Add another. Then whisk the egg mixture back into the stock. Stir in the cream. Taste and adjust the seasonings. Add the fiddleheads and gently reheat, without boiling. Serve. Cooks Note: If it boils, it will curdle., ingredients: [8 ounces225 g fiddleheads, 4 cups1 liter chicken stock, 18 teaspoon crushed saffron threads, 2 egg yolks, Lemon juice, strained, to taste, 14 cup60 ml cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fiddlehead and Saffron Soup, picturelink: null}, 32196: {instructions: Sweat the onion with in a thin layer of olive oil on low heat for 1 12 hours. Add the tomato and simmer for 1 more hour. Let cool and strain. Set aside the oniontomato mixture.nOpen 30 mussels and 12 clams by covering them with white wine. Reserve the wine and juice.nReserve the olive oil to saute more ingredients. Saute the chicken in olive oil for about 8 minutes. Set aside.nSaute the squid for 5 minutes in olive oil. Set aside.nSaute the peppers for 5 minutes. Set aside.nAdd enough water to the reserved mussel and clam juice so it equals 5 12 cups. Flavor the fish stock with salt, pepper, and saffron.nBring to a boil add 2 cups of rice. Add the Sauteed chicken, squid, peppers, and the onionstomato mixture.nBring to a strong boil for 4 minutes. Reduce the heat and add the mussels, clams, and shrimp. Boil moderately for about 10 to 12 minutes. Let sit for about 7 minutes. Then serve., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteing, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 tomato, skinned and seeded, 30 mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 clams, scrubbed, White wine, to cover, 12 chicken, chopped into small pieces, 6 medium squid, chopped into small pieces, 2 bell peppers, chopped into small pieces, Fish stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 strands saffron, 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined], title: Paella, picturelink: null}, 32197: {instructions: To make the croquettes: In a large saucepan over low heat, add the milk and a large pinch of salt. Bring to a simmer, add the cauliflower and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Remove the cauliflower from the pot, place in a bowl and pat dry with a towel. Toss the cauliflower with 2 tablespoons butter and put into a food processor. Pulse 3 to 4 times. Let the mixture cool slightly and add 1 egg, Parmesan, parsley, nutmeg, salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse to combine. Remove to a large bowl, then add 1 cup of the bread crumbs and stir. There should be enough bread crumbs to hold the mixture together to form into balls. If the mixture is too wet add a little more panko.nHeat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees F in a large Dutch oven.nForm the mixture into 2inch round balls and set aside on a plate. Place the flour, 2 whisked eggs, and remaining panko into 3 separate bowls and season each with a little salt and pepper. Place each of the croquettes into the flour then the egg wash and then the panko.nPlace the croquettes into the oil, in batches if necessary, and fry until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the croquettes with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and place on a serving dish.nTo make the aioli: Place garlic, lemon juice, zest, and egg yolks in a blender or food processor. Blend until the ingredients are combined. With the machine running, remove the lid and slowly drizzle in the olive oil. When well combined, taste for seasoning, adjust if necessary, then add the peppadews and pulse until aioli is speckled with them, but not fully blended.nRemove the aioli to a small serving bowl and serve with the Cauliflower Croquettes., ingredients: [3 cups milk, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups cauliflower florets, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 3 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 4 egg yolks, 34 to 1 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup drained and roughly chopped peppadews], title: Cauliflower Croquettes with Peppadew Aioli, picturelink: null}, 32198: {instructions: Toast the coriander in a pan for 1 minute. Coarsely grind in a coffee grinder. Dice onion, mince garlic. Mix all ingredients except 4 teaspoons of coriander together. Form into burgers. Coat each burger with 1 teaspoon coriander. Grill thoroughly and serve on rolls with ketchup, tomato, fried onions, Feta cheese, etc.., ingredients: [1 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 medium onion, 3 cloves garlic, 1 pound ground turkey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestions: rolls with ketchup, tomato, fried onions, feta cheese], title: Rumanian Turkey Burgers Carnegila, picturelink: null}, 32199: {instructions: Reheat polenta. Mix in cheese, oxtail and scallions. Check for seasoning. Mold in baking dish so polenta is at least 1inch thick. Refrigerate overnight. Cut squares or circles and grill until hot. Can also saute in nonstick pan. Serve warm on top of fennel salad. Garnish with dark vinegar syrup and fennel sprigs.nMix all in large bowl. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [2 to 3 cups leftover polenta, 12 cup grated asiago cheese, 1 cup minced oxtail meat, 14 cup sliced green scallions, Salt and black pepper to taste, 3 cups shaved fennel, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse ground coriander seed, Salt and black pepper to taste, 2 cups balsamic, 12 cup Chinese vinegar], title: Warm Polenta and Oxtail Cakes on Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 32200: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPulse the bread in a food processor to get slightly coarse bread crumbs.nCoat a casserole dish just large enough to hold the fillets with 1 tablespoon butter. Place the fillets in the dish and season with salt, pepper, lemon zest and juice, and thyme leaves.nMelt the remaining 12 stick of butter in a large skillet with the smashed garlic. As soon as the butter starts to bubble, turn off the heat and let the garlic infuse the warm butter.nRemove the garlic chunks from the butter. Add the bread crumbs and lightly toss until all the butter has been absorbed. Turn the heat off, stir in the parsley and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nSpread a layer of bread crumb mixture over the top of each fillet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes until bread crumbs are golden brown and fish is cooked through., ingredients: [5ounce sourdough bread or other leftover bread, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 6ounce sea bass fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Few sprigs thyme, leaves removed, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves], title: Baked Seabass with Homemade Garlic Butter and Herb Bread Crumb Topping, picturelink: rlnH0uHFLahtuKe6REM5OxKHxICk2O}, 32201: {instructions: Add the beer, chicken stock, onion powder and white pepper to a large pot over medium heat and bring to a boil. Add the potatoes and cook until tender. Combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl. Whisk the cornstarch mixture to the soup and reduce the heat to low. Stir in the shredded Cheddar, 1 handful at a time. Turn off heat and whisk in the cheese sauce. Ladle into serving bowls and serve., ingredients: [64 ounces lager recommended: Harp Lager, 25 ounces chicken stock, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons white pepper, 2 pounds peeled and diced potatoes, 2 ounces cornstarch, 6 ounces water, 1 pound Cheddar, shredded, 8 ounces Cheddar cheese sauce], title: Irish Beer Cheddar Soup, picturelink: null}, 32202: {instructions: Cut the escarole into 2inch squares but do not dry. In a skillet set over moderately high heat, and heat oil, add pepper flakes, escarole, salt and cook, stirring, until wilted., ingredients: [1 large head escarole, rinsed, 1 tablespoon oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt to taste], title: Spicy Escarole, picturelink: null}, 32203: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.n2. COOK chorizo and onions in medium ovenproof skillet on medium heat 8 min. or until chorizo is done, stirring frequently. Add potatoes and chiles cook 2 min., stirring occasionally.n3. Remove from heat. Stir in 12 cup cheese spread to form even layer in skillet.n4. WHISK eggs and sour cream until well blended pour over chorizo mixture. Top with remaining cheese.n5. BAKE 25 min. or until center is set. Serve topped with salsa.nIf you dont have an ovenproof skillet, wrap the handle of your regular skillet with several layers of foil before placing in oven. Remember that all parts of the skillet will be hot when removing it from the oven.nNutrition Information Per Serving: 330 calories, 22g total fat, 11g saturated fat, 160mg cholesterol, 730mg sodium, 15g carbohydrate, 1g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 19g protein, 10DV vitamin A, 10DV vitamin C, 25DV calcium, 6DV iron., ingredients: [6 oz. chorizo, 1 small red onion, chopped, 3 cups frozen Southernstyle hash browns, 1 can 4 oz. chopped green chiles, undrained, 1 pkg. 8 oz. KRAFT Mexican Style Shredded Four Cheese with a Touch of PHILADELPHIA, divided, 4 whole eggs, 8 egg whites, 12 cup BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN Sour Cream, 12 cup red salsa], title: Chorizo, Potato and Green Chile Omelet, picturelink: null}, 32204: {instructions: Slice the potato very thin using a mandoline or other handheld slicer. Brush a baking sheet with oil and arrange the slices in a circle, overlapping them slightly on the sheet. Brush the potato rings lightly with the oil and bake them in a preheated 375 F oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until they are golden. Transfer them carefully to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt to taste.nIn a bowl whisk together the vinegar, mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Slowly whisk in the oil and then add the herbs and garlic.nArrange the mushrooms in one layer in a jelly roll pan and sprinkle half the dressing over them. Let them marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature. Roast the mushrooms in the preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until tender. Slice thin on the bias.nToss the mesclun with the remaining dressing and mound one fourth of the salad on each of 4 plates. Fan out the mushroom slices on top of the salad and top each plate with a potato ring., ingredients: [1 baking potato, scrubbed, olive oil for brushing the potato, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, salt and pepper to taste, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs such as thyme, rosemary, chives, etc., 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 4 medium portobello mushrooms, the stems discarded and the caps wiped clean with a damp paper towel, 4 cups loosely packed mesclun or other lettuce], title: Marinated Portobello Mushrooms on Mesclun with Crispy Potato Rings, picturelink: null}, 32205: {instructions: For the remoulade: In a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, parsley, lemon juice, Creole Mustard, garlic, Creole seasoning, paprika, tomato paste and celery. Season with salt and pepper and set aside until ready to serve.nFor the poboys: Mix together the flour, cornmeal, Creole seasoning, pepper and salt. Dredge the oysters through the flour mixture. Shake off any excess flour, and rest the oysters on a plate.nFill a castiron skillet or heavybottomed pan with 1inch oil. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. Fry the oysters until golden and crispy, turning as they cook to ensure even color, about 2 minutes. Drain on a papertowellined plate.nSpread each side the rolls with some remoulade. Divide the oysters between the rolls. Top with some lettuce and tomatoes to serve.nIn a medium saucepan add 12 to 1 cup water, the vinegar, mustard seeds and garlic. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook at a simmer for 30 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and, while still hot, mix in the wholegrain mustard, honey, mustard, horseradish, sugar, salt and cayenne. Refrigerate until cool., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Creole Mustard, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 1 teaspoon hot paprika, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups shucked oysters, drained about 20 oysters, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 hoagie rolls, split, 1 cup shredded lettuce, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 cup whole yellow mustard seeds, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 23 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Pinch cayenne], title: Oyster PoBoy with Anitas Remoulade, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 32206: {instructions: Put cheese through a sieve twice. Cream butter until white preferably with an electric mixer. Cut up vanilla very fine and mix with sugar. Beat egg yolks well and add sugar, beating until almost white. Combine egg yolk mixture and butter and beat until smooth and well blended. Add butteregg mixture to the cheese and beat with a wooden spoon. Whip cream and add it gently to the mixture, turning from bottom to top slowly to fold in the cream. Wrap paskha in cheesecloth damp gauze may be used and place it in a paskha from or a clean terra cotta flower pot with a hole in the bottom. Close cheesecloth or gauze over the top of the paskha and place either a wooden square of paskha form or a weight on top a small, heavy casserole or two or three cans will do. Leave in the refrigerator on a plate for one day so that the liquid can drain off the paskha. Before serving, remove the paskha from the refrigerator, remove the weight, unwrap the cheesecloth ends, place a large round platter over the top, and quickly invert the paskha onto the platter. Remove cheesecloth., ingredients: [3 pounds unsalted farmer cheese, 1 pound sweet butter, 1 vanilla bean, 3 cups sugar, 8 egg yolks, 12 pint heavy cream], title: Nabokova Paskha, picturelink: null}, 32207: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and place in a large serving bowl.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nBrush the corn with the oil, using a pastry brush. Grill, turning frequently, until the corn is tender, about 10 minutes. Allow the corn to cool slightly. Remove the kernels with a large knife and add to the serving bowl.nFor the pesto: In a food processor, combine 2 cups artichokes, oil, walnuts, oregano, parsley, lemon juice, garlic, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Blend, scraping down the sides of the bowl, as needed, until the mixture is thick and smooth.nChop the remaining 1 cup artichoke hearts into 34inch pieces and add to the serving bowl. Add the pesto, tomatoes and Parmesan. Toss until all the ingredients are coated. Add salt and pepper to taste and serve.nCooks Note: To toast the walnuts, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until lightly toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound orzo pasta, 2 ears corn, shucked and silks removed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces frozen artichoke hearts, thawed about 3 cups, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup walnut halves, toasted see Cooks Note, 12 cup fresh oregano leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Zest of 1 large lemon, 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved about 28, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Orzo with Artichoke Pesto and Grilled Corn, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 32208: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nOn wooden skewers, place deveined, curled shrimp, and season with your favorite seafood seasoning mix.nIn bowl, mix Italian dressing, Worcestershire sauce, and honey. Heat lightly in the microwave.nCook kabobs over mediumhot flame. When shrimp start to turn pink baste with Italian dressing mix and turn. Repeat every 3 to 4 minutes untilndone.nServe hot off the grill. Sit back and watch the smiles, ingredients: [Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 6 shrimp, deveined, 14 cup favorite seafood seasoning mix, 8 ounces Italian dressing, 2 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 2 ounces honey], title: Davids Sweet Shrimp Kabobs, picturelink: eLPe5PeLz1C39kwrlV2CKwmhJF5ph5i}, 32209: {instructions: Special equipment: 10cup bundt pannPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Generously brush the bundt pan with shortening and dust with flour.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a large bowl and set aside. In another bowl, whisk the sour cream, lemon zest, lemon juice and vanilla and set aside.nWhisk the eggs and sugar together in another bowl, stirring vigorously to lighten the eggs. Gradually whisk in the oil until evenly combined. Add the sour cream mixture and stir together. Add the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon just until combined but still a bit lumpy. Pour the batter into the prepared pan.nBake the cake until it pulls away from the sides of the pan and a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool 10 minutes then unmold cake onto a rack placed over a baking sheet. Cool. The cake can be prepared to this point a day ahead.nWhen ready to serve. Combine the rhubarb, jam, water and salt in a small saucepan and simmer until the rhubarb gets translucent and syrupy, almost jewel like,, about 10 minutes. Add a bit more water, if the glaze gets too thick . Remove from the heat and stir in vanilla. Let cool slightly. Spoon some of the glaze over the top of the cake, and reserve the rest for serving with sliced cake. Serve., ingredients: [3 14 cups cake flour, sifted, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup sour cream, Finely grated zest from 1 lemon, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 2 14 cups sugar, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups fresh or frozen finely chopped rhubarb thawed, about 6 ounces, 1 cup about a 12ounce jar red berry jam such, strawberry, red current, lingonberry or seedless red raspberry, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, Pinch fine salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Lemon Bundt Cake with Berry Rhubarb Glaze, picturelink: AHRQXGfb9MNA0sgqNcB1cnAxtElYAeq}, 32210: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Working in batches, add the spinach, chard leaves and kale and cook just until wilted, about 5 minutes. Remove with tongs and transfer to a colander set over a bowl to drain and cool. When cool enough to handle, transfer to a kitchen towel in batches and squeeze out the excess liquid. Chop the greens.nFinely chop the chard stems. Heat the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the chard stems, shallot and thyme sprigs. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and continue to cook, stirring, until golden, about 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the milk. Return to medium heat add 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and a few dashes of hot sauce and cook until thickened slightly, 3 to 5 more minutes.nDiscard the thyme and stir the greens into the pot. Cook, stirring, until heated through and coated, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the creme fraiche.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 bunches spinach about 1 pound, trimmed, 1 bunch Swiss chard about 12 ounces, stems and leaves separated, 1 5ounce package baby kale about 8 cups, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, chopped about u00bd cup, 4 to 5 sprigs thyme, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Freshly ground pepper, Hot sauce, to taste, 13 cup creme fraiche], title: Creamed Mixed Greens, picturelink: .XdKcLJdrghiwtURx6Du9dspSljGxfO}, 32211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of water to a boil and cook the noodles according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the peanut oil. Add the carrots, cabbage and onions and cook for 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, soy sauce and sesame oil, then toss in the noodles. Top with sliced green onions., ingredients: [8 ounces thin lo mein noodles, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 carrot, julienned, 12 head napa cabbage, sliced thin, 12 onion, sliced, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Sliced green onions, for topping], title: Chow Mein, picturelink: jFohCDVTIvvbmHpLTonkASImEkrsp52}, 32212: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the creme fraiche with the truffle oil and spread it evenly over the crust. Place the smoked salmon slices on top in one layer. Sprinkle the crabmeat evenly over the pizza.nDollop the caviars onto the pizza. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 cup creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons truffle oil, One 12inch, thin pizza crust, cooked and cooled, One 4ounce package smoked salmon, 1 cup lump crabmeat, One 2ounce jar black lumpfish caviar, One 2ounce jar red lumpfish caviar, One 2ounce jar white lumpfish caviar, Fresh chives, finely chopped for garnish], title: Ultimate Should Be a 1000 Pizza, picturelink: 3y58eJ9lLpnvlRKlfVjSWYaTL3mmq4G}, 32213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the balsamic, honey, brown sugar, soy sauce, rosemary sprigs, and garlic cloves, in a large, resealable plastic bag. Shake and squeeze the contents of the bag to dissolve the honey and the brown sugar. Add the chicken drumsticks to the bag and seal with as little air as possible in the bag. Place in the refrigerator and marinate for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the chicken drumsticks on a foillined baking sheet. Bake until the skin is caramelized and very dark in spots, about 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the marinade in a small saucepan. Bring the marinade to a boil in order to kill bacteria. Reduce the heat to simmer and cook over low heat until thick, about 15 minutes. Reserve.nUse a pastry brush to brush some of the cooked marinade on the cooked chicken. Place the chicken on a serving platter. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds and the chopped parsley.nCooks note: I like the rosemary and garlic flavors in the background. Brushing the cooked drumettes with the reduced marinade helps the flavors along. Also, remoistening helps the parsley and the seeds to adhere., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce, 5 sprigs of rosemary, 5 garlic cloves, halved, 10 to 12 chicken drumsticks, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Balsamic Chicken Drumettes, picturelink: zzqJrdXeixjkpLjujiE1JFZpYhQtpMe}, 32214: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the milk, butter, and the sugar. Place over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring, until the butter has melted. Remove from the heat and cool to about 110 degrees F. Sprinkle the yeast over the surface of the milk. Set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in large bowl, whisk together the flour and salt and set aside.nPour the milk and yeast mixture into the bowl of flour and mix until a soft, ragged mixture is formed. Transfer the flour mixture to a wellfloured work surface and knead until a soft elastic dough is formed, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover with a kitchen towel, and place in a warm spot in the kitchen, until puffed and doubled in size, about 2 hours.nTransfer the dough to the work surface and, using your hands, gently flatten into a 10inchlong oval shape. Fold the dough into thirds lengthwise, overlapping the sides in the center. Press down on the overlapping side to seal and make a seam. Place seam sidedown in a buttered 9x5 loaf pan, cover with a kitchen towel, and return to the warm spot until the dough has just risen about 1 12 inches over the top of the pan, about 2 to 2 12 hours.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Brush the top of the dough lightly with warm water and, using a sharp knife, make 14inchdeep slit down the center. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes.nRemove the loaf from the pan and place in the center of the rack. Continue baking until the loaf sounds hollow when rapt lightly with your knuckles, on the bottom and top, or an instant read thermometer inserted in the center registers about 190 degrees F., about 15 minutes.nTransfer the bread loaf to a cooling rack and cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, One 14ounce package active dry yeast, 5 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fine salt, Oil as needed], title: White Bread Sandwich Loaf, picturelink: null}, 32215: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: meat grindernCombine diced pork with all other ingredients and chill for 1 hour. Using the fine blade of a grinder, grind the pork. Form into 1inch rounds. Refrigerate and use within 1 week or freeze for up to 3 months. For immediate use, saute patties over mediumlow heat in a nonstick pan. Saute until brown and cooked through, approximately 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds pork butt 2 12 pounds with bone, diced into 14inch pieces, 12 pound fat back, diced into 14inch pieces, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Breakfast Sausage, picturelink: iwJnet7Fv64tcUNw2AzS6DMNUAg373q}, 32216: {instructions: Heat a large pot of water for pasta. Season water with salt and cook pasta to al dente.nAdd apples to a medium pot and stir in cider, sugar, raisins, cinnamon and a pinch of salt. Place pot over mediumhigh heat and cook until tender, about 12 minutes.nSeason chops with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chops and cook 6 to 7 minutes on each side.nWhile chops cook, heat 2 tablespoons butter in a sauce pot over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook a minute then whisk in milk and season with salt and pepper. Grate cheese and stir into sauce and season with nutmeg, to taste, and a dash of hot sauce. Reduce heat to low.nAdd broccoli to pasta last 2 minutes of cook time. Drain and return to pasta pot. Add cheese sauce and stir to coat.nAdd mustard and syrup to chops and glaze, 1 minute.nServe pork with apple sauce, macaroni and cheddar with broccoli along side., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound whole wheat shells or penne pasta, 4 golden apples, cored and chopped, 1 cup cloudy apple cider, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, A handful golden raisins, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 large center cut pork loin chops, 1 12inch thick, Black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 rounded tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 12 pound extrasharp white cheddar, A few grates nutmeg, to taste, Dash hot sauce, 2 cups broccoli tops, cut into small florets, 2 tablespoons spicy brown or grainy Dijon mustard, 14 cup maple syrup], title: Pork Chops, Golden Apple and Raisin Sauce, Whole Wheat Pasta MacnCheddar, picturelink: 4QDqOp1lHh5z8eW9QuexAfltkXVuxn2}, 32217: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large castiron skillet over high heat. Char the ears of corn, rotating on all sides, in the dry skillet until lightly blackened and charred, about 15 minutes. Let cool, and then remove the kernels from the cob with a sharp knife.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lime juice and salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the black beans, tomatoes, rice, red onions, green onions, garlic and cooled corn to a large bowl. Toss with the lime vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 ears corn on the cob, husked, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved or quartered, 1 cup cooked and cooled brown rice, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 3 thinly sliced green onions, whites and green parts, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Charred Corn Salad, picturelink: M8E14uUTnPnbi2lvOTmZ.xxkpteng2q}, 32218: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, muddle the lime, lemongrass and sugar. Add in the raspberry puree and vodka or lemonade. Add ice to the cocktail shaker and shake to chill. Strain the liquid into 2 glasses, top with ginger beer and serve., ingredients: [12 lime, quartered, 1 stalk lemongrass, tender white part lightly bruised and sliced into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons raspberry puree, 4 shots vodka or lemonade, Ice, 1 bottle ginger beer], title: Communist Mule Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 32219: {instructions:  This dish uses Rosso di Montalcino wine an affordable, younger version of Brunello  I call it Baby Brunello but you can substitute any dry red wine you like.nHeat a deep skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, and the cut pancetta. Brown the pancetta, 3 to 4 minutes then remove with a slotted spoon and reserve.nPlace a pot of water on the stove to boil for the gnocchi.nWhile pancetta browns, season the chicken chunks with salt and pepper and dredge in a little flour then add to the hot pan. Brown the pieces a few minutes on each side over high heat, then scoot the meat to the edges of the pan and add the onions, garlic and chopped figs. Saute 5 minutes, combine chicken with onions and figs then add the wine and cook it down 5 minutes or so until only about 13 cup remains. Add chicken stock, parsley, lemon zest and thyme to the chicken and stir to combine. Reduce heat to simmer cook another 10 minutes, while you make the gnocchi.nAdd salt and gnocchi to boiling water and cook to package directions, drain, 4 minutes for fresh gnocchi, 6 minutes for frozen. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Melt butter and brown it. Drain gnocchi and add to skillet. Raise heat to mediumhigh and lightly brown the dumplings. Season gnocchi with salt, pepper and nutmeg, turn to coat and add chives, toss and remove from heat.nAdjust the seasonings on the chicken with figs. If you would like a little more sauce, shake another half cup of stock into the pan. Serve the chicken and figs in shallow dishes, the gnocchi piled in the center of the bowl on top of the chicken. Garnish with crisp pancetta sticks., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, 13 pound thickcut 14inch pancetta, cut into sticks, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken, breasts and thighs combined, cut into large chunks, Salt and pepper, Flour, for dredging, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1416 dried figs, halved look for plump, tender dried fig varieties in bulk section of market., 13 bottle dry red wine, eyeball it recommended: Rosso di Montalcino, 1 to 1 12 cups chicken stock, 14 cup, a generous handful, chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 4 sprigs, 1 package, 12 to 16 ounces fresh or frozen store bought gnocchi potato pasta, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped chives, 10 blades], title: Montalcino Chicken with Figs and Buttered Gnocchi with Pancetta and Nutmeg, picturelink: null}, 32220: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together in a small mixing bowl., ingredients: [3 large hard boiled eggs, peeled and mashed, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle relish, 14 sweet red bell pepper, diced, 7 ripe olives, seeded and chopped], title: My California Egg Salad, picturelink: null}, 32221: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, add the ice cream and the Guinness and blend until smooth. Pour into serving glasses and garnish with the chocolate curls and the praline cookies., ingredients: [3 12 cups chocolate ice cream, 1 14.9 ounce can stout beer recommended: Guinness, 2 curls bittersweet chocolate, for garnish, 2 storebought praline cookies, for garnish], title: Guinness Milkshake, picturelink: H2R6O5Na49jHMIL0kBYSBV5hNPhZdy}, 32222: {instructions: Brown ground beef and drain. Sprinkle in the flour. Add onion soup, stir and cook until meat mixture is thickened and most of the liquid is absorbed.nSpread mustard and mayonnaise, to taste, on bread. Spoon the ground beef mixture onto bread and top with onion., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground beef, 2 to 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 can French onion soup, Yellow mustard, Mayonnaise, White or wholewheat bread or buns, 1 medium onion, cut into rings], title: Onion Burgers, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 32223: {instructions: Pour syrup in the bottom of the glass. Fill glass completely with crushed ice. Place 5 sprigs of fresh mint on top of ice and bruise with the back of a spoon. Pour bourbon over crushed ice, to the top of the glass. Dip remaining 2 sprigs of mint in powdered sugar and place on top of drink. Place a straw in the glass so that you can taste the mint, and you can smell the mint while you sip the drink., ingredients: [Silver mint julep glass or Kentucky derby glass, 12 ounce simple syrup, Crushed ice, 7 sprigs fresh mint, Bourbon, Powdered sugar], title: Mint Julep, picturelink: null}, 32224: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Spray a large, shallow baking dish with nonstick spray.nPlace fillets in dish. In a bowl, combine butter, lemon juice, salt, pepper, onion powder and nutmeg. Brush fish with sauce, reserving half. Broil 6inches from heat for 46 minutes, just until fish flakes. During last minute or so of cooking, stir roasted almonds into remaining sauce and spread over fish. Sprinkle with fresh chives of choice before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 4 6ounce skinless sole fillets, 14 cup melted butter, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup slivered almonds, roasted, Fresh chives, chopped], title: Sole Almondine, picturelink: null}, 32225: {instructions: Pate a Choux: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nBring salt, water, and butter to a boil. Add flour all at once and stir until it forms a film on the bottom of the pot. Cool mixture and add eggs 1 at a time until completely incorporated. Pipe 5 to 6 inch rods of the mixture onto a lightly greased sheet pan. Bake for 17 minutes. Turn oven down to 350 degrees for 15 more minutes.nPastry Cream: Scald milk with 34cup sugar and salt. Whisk yolks and remaining 34cup sugar until pale and ribboning. Whisk in flour and cornstarch. Slowly, while whisking, pour in scalded milk. Return all to stove and stir with wooden spoon until thick and 1 or 2 bubbles form. Put mixture in a bowl and add vanilla. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nGanache: Melt chocolate and butter together over low heat, stirring constantly.nUsing a paring knife, poke a hole into 1 end of each eclair shell. Put a small open tip on a pastry bag and fill bag with cream. Squirt cream into each shell until eclairs feel heavy. Dip top of each filled eclair into chocolate ganache. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [Pinch salt, 1 cup water, 4 ounces butter, 1 cup flour, 5 eggs, 4 cups milk, 1 12 cups sugar, Pinch salt, 12 egg yolks, 6 tablespoons flour, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, Vanilla, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 ounces butter], title: Chocolate Eclairs, picturelink: null}, 32226: {instructions: Bring meat to room temperature and pat dry. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in large, heavy skillet or cast iron skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. When the oil smokes, add the meat and caramelize before turning. Once evenly browned all over, about 5 minutes, season liberally with salt and pepper, add the garlic and toss with the meat for 2 minutes. Stir in the parsley and a little lemon zest and cook for another minute. Add the white vermouth and deglaze the pan. Turn off the heat, add the lemon juice and toss to coat. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds sirloin tips, trimmed and cubed into bitesized pieces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 cup white vermouth or dry white wine], title: Lemon Garlic Sirloin Tips, picturelink: null}, 32227: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the crust: Chill the butter in the freezer for 15 minutes.nPulse the pecans 6 to 7 times in a food processor or until finely ground. Add the flour and salt, and pulse an additional 4 to 5 times. Add the butter and pulse 6 to 7 times, until the texture looks mealy. Remove the lid of the food processor, add the water and bourbon, and pulse 5 to 6 times until the mixture holds together when squeezed and feels like dough. Transfer the dough to a gallonsized ziptop bag, squeeze together until it forms a ball, then press into a rounded disk and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nTo assemble and bake the pie: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs, sugar, golden syrup, butter, bourbon, vanilla and salt together until combined. Set aside.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator. Cut along two sides of the ziptop bag, open the bag to expose the dough and sprinkle both sides very lightly with flour. Cover with the bag and roll out with a rolling pin to an 11inch circle. Open the bag again, and sprinkle the top of the dough with flour. Place the dough into a 9 12 to 10inch tart pan that is 2 inches deep. Gently press the dough into the sides of the pan, crimping and trimming the edges as necessary.nEvenly sprinkle the 6 ounces of chopped pecans in the crust and pour the filling on top. Bake for 20 minutes. Place the remaining 2 ounces of whole pecans in a border on the edge of the filling. Bake 10 minutes, until the center of the pie should reach 200 degrees F, and a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a cooling rack to room temperature before serving, 3 12 to 4 hours.nLine a half sheet pan with parchment paper and set aside.nMix the salt, cumin, cayenne, cinnamon and orange peel together in a small bowl and set aside.nPlace the nuts in a 10inch castiron skillet and set over medium heat. Cook, stirring frequently, for 4 to 5 minutes until they just start to brown and smell toasted. Add the butter and stir until it melts. Add the spice mixture and stir to combine. Once combined, add both sugars and water, stirring until the mixture thickens and coats the nuts, 2 to 3 minutes.nTransfer the nuts to the prepared sheet pan and separate them with a fork or spatula. Allow the nuts to cool completely before transferring to an airtight container for storage. Can be stored for up to 3 weeks. Yield: 1 pound., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 3 12 ounces pecan halves or pieces, 6 ounces allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ice water, 2 tablespoons bourbon, chilled, 3 large eggs, 3 12 ounces sugar, 6 ounces golden syrup, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 ounces Spiced Pecans, recipe follows, coarsely chop 6 ounces and leave the remaining 2 ounces whole, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon dried ground orange peel, 1 pound pecan halves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons water], title: Bourbon Pecan Pie, picturelink: 6HB2ZbWgf6bCwC7pZEOesGerHbMBSu}, 32228: {instructions: To make the pie, blind bake the pie shell until half cooked in a preheated 350 degree oven. Place eggs in a bowl and whisk to combine. Bring the milk and sugar to a boil until sugar is dissolved. Add bourbon and whisk mixture into eggs. Add toasted pecans. Pour into halfbaked pie shell and bake at 350 degrees for approximately 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 frozen pie shell, 3 eggs, 1 can condensed milk, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 3 cups pecans, toasted], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 32229: {instructions: In a saucepan heat the olive oil. When hot, add the onion, cover and simmer gently for about 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Add the lettuce and stir just until wilted. Add the 2 cups of water and peas and bring just to a boil and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper. Puree through a food mill or in a food processor with the mint, then add enough ice water or cream to thin to the desired consistency. Chill until serving time. Before serving, adjust the seasoning and serve garnished with chives and yogurt if you wish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 2 cups finely chopped washed Boston lettuce leaves, 2 cups water, 1 package 10 ounces thawed frozen tiny peas, 14 cup packed washed mint leaves, 2 cups ice water or heavy cream, 14 cup snipped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Plain yogurt for garnish, optional], title: Cold Minted Pea Soup, picturelink: null}, 32230: {instructions: For the crust: In a large bowl, combine flour and 14 teaspoon salt. Cut in the shortening and butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in the vinegar and 2 tablespoons water, until the mixture forms a ball, adding more water if necessary. Pat into a ball, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll the dough out to an 11inch circle to fit a 9 12inch glass pie plate. Place the crust in pie plate and trim and crimp edges. Place the dish on a baking sheet for easier handling. Prick the bottom and sides of the crust well with a fork. Line the inside of the crust with a piece of foil or parchment, allowing edges to extend several inches beyond the perimeter. Place 2 cups of dried beans in the crust to weight it down during baking and prevent shrinkage. Bake for 15 minutes or until the crust is no longer raw on the bottom. Remove the foil and beans by carefully lifting the foil out by the overhang. Bake for another 10 to 15 minutes or until light golden brown. Remove from the oven and cool completely.nFor the filling: Place 12 cup cold milk in a mediumsize mixing bowl preferably with a pouring spout and sprinkle the gelatin over top. Set aside to soften, about 5 minutes.nBring the remaining milk and coconut milk to nearly a boil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat.nWhen the gelatin is soft, add the sugar, cornstarch, egg yolks, and egg and whisk until very well blended. Gradually whisk about a 14 cup of the hot milk mixture into the gelatin mixture repeat this process once or twice using about 34 cup of the hot milk mixture. Pour the warmed gelatin mixture into the saucepan with the hot milk and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook for about 3 more minutes or until the mixture is very thick.nStrain the pastry cream through a fine wire strainer into a large clean bowl whisk in the butter, coconut extract, and cream of coconut until smooth. Stir in 2 cups shredded coconut.nPour into the cooled pie shell and refrigerate for at least 8 hours.nFor the topping: Beat the heavy cream in a large bowl on high speed until foamy. Add the powdered sugar, and vanilla, and beat until soft to medium stiff peaks form. Spread over the pie. Sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup coconut. Keep refrigerated.nChilling the crust for 4 hours makes all the difference in terms of the flakiness. Straining the custard is important for a really smooth texture. And lastly, chilling the pie for a good 8 hours is the key for perfect slicing., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, Salt, 14 cup shortening, 14 cup cold butter, cubed, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons icecold water, 1 12 cups whole milk, divided, 1 envelope about 2 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder, 1 13 12ounce can pure coconut milk, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 3 egg yolks, 1 large whole egg, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 15ounce can cream of coconut, 2 12 cups shredded, flaked coconut, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Lories Ultimate Coconut Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 32231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 package 8inch bamboo skewersnFor caprese sticks, skewer tomatoes and bocconcini bites, placing basil leaves between them. Drizzle these sticks with extravirgin oil and season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, Two 1pound tubs bocconcini small balls of fresh mozzarella, drained, 24 leaves fresh basil, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and pepper], title: Caprese Antipasticks, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 32232: {instructions: Combine all ingredients with ice in a cocktail shaker. Shake until well blended, then strain into a chilled martini glass., ingredients: [1 12 oz. Starbucks Cream Liqueur, 1 oz. Three Olives chocolate vodka, 12 oz. cream], title: Milky Way Martini, picturelink: null}, 32233: {instructions: Melt butter and bring to boil. Add warm water and return to boil. Add the 2 pounds of sugar and lecithin, stirring constantly, until mixture becomes homogenous. Add almonds and cook until almonds are roasted. Lower flame and cook to 300 degrees F. Take off heat add salt and remaining 12ounce granulated sugar until dissolved, stirring constantly. Pour onto greased baking sheet, spread out as thin as practical, score and cut.nOption: Once cooled, dip in melted chocolate and sprinkle with roasted chopped almonds., ingredients: [2 pounds butter, 12quart warm water, 2 pounds granulated sugar, plus 12ounce, 14 teaspoon lecithin emulsifier, 12 pound raw almonds, chopped, plus extra almonds, roasted and chopped, for garnish, 14ounce table salt, 12ounce granulated sugar, Melted chocolate, for garnish,optional], title: Butter Crunch, picturelink: null}, 32234: {instructions: Sift flours and salt and place in bowl and add yeast. Stir in milk and let rise until it doubles in size. Add butter and egg yolk. Stiffly beat egg whites and fold into the batter. Let stand for 30 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a hot griddle. Spoon 1 tablespoon batter per blini onto griddle. Cook over medium heat for about 2 minutes a side. Place on paper towels while preparing smoked seafood salad.nSMOKED SEAFOOD SALAD: Skin and flake fish. Whisk orange juice, zest, horseradish, chives, and sour cream. Slowly whisk in oil. Toss with seafood and serve over blinis., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 23 cup buckwheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 1 cup warm milk, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 egg, separated, Vegetable oil, 4 ounces smoked trout, 4 ounces smoked mackeral, 1 orange, juiced, 1 orange, zested, 2 teaspoons fresh horseradish, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Buckwheat Blini and Smoked Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 32235: {instructions: Blend the vegetable broth, pineapple juice, and water together in a saucepan and cook over low heat for 5 minutes. Ladle the soup into bowls in which you have placed 2 tablespoons of diced fresh pineapple. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups vegetable broth, 2 cups fresh pineapple juice, 1 cup water, 12 cup diced fresh pineapple], title: Pineapple Consomme, picturelink: null}, 32236: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn an ovenproof skillet, heat the oil and saute the crab legs with the ginger, jerk spice, and rosemary. Cut the lime in half and squeeze the juice. Add the lime juice to the skillet. Add the water and toss to coat the crab.nPut in the oven and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until the crab heats through and is flavored with the spices and herbs. Add the butter and toss with parsley and celery leaves. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 20 crab legs, cracked, 8 thin slices peeled fresh ginger, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon jerk spice, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons celery leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jerk Crab, picturelink: null}, 32237: {instructions: For the sauce: In a sauce pan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and garlic and saute until tender. Add the chili powder, coriander, cumin, dry mustard and cayenne, and saute for 2 minutes while stirring to toast the spices. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar and wine. Whisk in the ketchup and bring the sauce to a boil and add half of the blueberries. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the sauce for 30 minutes, stirring regularly to avoid burning.nPuree the sauce with an immersion blender, and then add the remaining blueberries. Simmer for another 5 minutes and keep warm for plating.nFor the cornbread cakes: In a mixing bowl combine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, salt and baking soda, and stir to combine. In a separate bowl, combine the buttermilk, butter and egg, and whisk. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and whisk until smooth. Rest the batter for 30 minutes.nOn a skillet set over mediumhigh heat, heat some oil and pour silverdollarsize portions of the batter on the skillet. Allow the cakes to cook until golden brown on the first side, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook to golden brown on the second side, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the skillet to a papertowellined pate to absorb any grease.nFor the carrots: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F with a large saute pan or a baking sheet in it.nIn a bowl, toss the carrots with the oil, salt and pepper. Remove the hot pan from the oven and spread the carrots onto the pan. The carrots should sizzle when they hit the pan. Quickly place the pan back in the oven and cook until the carrots are tender, about 15 minutes.nFor plating: Heat a skillet to high heat. Sprinkle the red fish fillets with salt and pepper on both sides.nHeat some grape seed oil on the skillet until it just begins to smoke. Lay the fillets on the skillet, skinside down, and cook until the skin is golden brown and releases from the skillet. Do not over crowd the pan, cook the fish in batches.nIn a saute pan melt the butter and toss the blanched asparagus and roasted carrots until hot. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon 1 to 2 ounces of the BBQ sauce onto one side of the plate and drag the sauce to the other side of the plate. Layer 3 cornbread cakes going in the opposite direction of the sauce. Lay 3 pieces of fish over the cakes and then lean 4 pieces of asparagus and 4 pieces of carrots on one side of the fish. Drizzle the fish with another 1 ounce of the BBQ sauce, and then serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup diced onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon dark chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Pinch cayenne, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup red wine, 2 cups ketchup, 8 ounces blueberries, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cornmeal, 13 cup flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 egg, Grapeseed oil, 12 baby carrots, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch pepper, Eighteen 3ounce red fish fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 24 pieces blanched asparagus], title: Seared Red Fish with Blueberry BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32238: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together 1 cup of the flour, the oats, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and baking soda.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 14 cup flour, the maple syrup, melted butter, vanilla extract and egg until smooth. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry and blend well. Stir in the chocolate, pecans and raisins if using. Cover the bowl and chill in the refrigerator until very firm, 1 hour.nPosition a rack in both the upper and lower thirds of the oven, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nUse a 1tablespoon measuring spoon to portion the dough onto the prepared baking sheets15 cookies per sheet, evenly spaced. Sprinkle with turbinado sugar if using.nBake until lightly golden on the outside but still slightly soft in the centers, about 12 minutes, being careful to not overbake. Cool on the baking sheets for about 5 minutes, then transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 14 cups 5 38 ounces white whole wheat flour, 1 14 cups 4 38 ounces oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup 9 ounces pure maple syrup, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 13 cup 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate 60 to 70percent cacao, optional, 13 cup 1 12 ounces chopped toasted pecans, optional, 13 cup 1 12 ounces raisins, optional, Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling, optional], title: Soft Maple Cookies, picturelink: ExpS8iNIQHXKiuWjcoin09fWVfzx7K}, 32239: {instructions: Special equipment: A pizza cutternFor the dough: Dissolve the yeast in the warm not hot water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook. Let sit for 5 minutes. Add the buttermilk, light brown sugar and oil. Mix to incorporate. Add the flour and salt. Mix until the dough is elastic, 4 to 5 minutes. Place the dough in an oiled bowl and chill for 30 minutes.nOil some parchment paper and cut it into 5inch squares. Youll need 12 squares total. Set aside.nPress the dough into a 9inch square. Using a pizza cutter, cut the dough in half horizontally. Cut each piece vertically into 6 strips each about 1 14 inches wide. You should have 12 strips total.nWorking with one piece of dough at a time, roll the strips into 24inch ropes, tapering the ends. Shape the ropes into pretzel shapes: Double twist in the middle and bring the ends up. Place each on an oiled square of parchment.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Oil 2 sheets of parchment and fit them onto 2 baking sheets. For boiling: Bring 4 quarts water to a boil with the baking soda, brown sugar and beer. Bring to a full rolling boil, and then turn down the heat to a simmer.nWorking with 3 or 4 pretzels at a time, slip them into the water. The pretzels may stick to the paper. If so, just drop them into the water with the paper attached and the paper will release. Cook the pretzels for 10 seconds on one side, then flip them with tongs and boil for 10 seconds on the other side. Using a skimmer or slotted spoon, remove the pretzels and place them on the oiled parchment on the baking sheets.nContinue boiling until all the pretzels are cooked and placed on the baking sheets. Brush the tops with either vegetable oil or, for fun, mustard oil.nSprinkle the tops of the pretzels with coarse salt. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool. Serve with mustard, cheese sauce, chocolate sauce or hummus for dipping., ingredients: [3 34 teaspoons dry yeast or 1 ounce fresh cake yeast, 1 12 cups warm water 90 degrees F, 34 cup buttermilk, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 14 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 6 cups unbleached bread flour, 5 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup baking soda, 12 cup brown sugar, One 12ounce bottle dark beer, Mustard oil, for brushing, optional, Smoked or regular coarse salt, for sprinkling, Mustard, cheese sauce, chocolate sauce or hummus, for dipping], title: City of Brotherly Love Soft Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 32240: {instructions: Marinate the salmon in lemon juice for one hour to remove smell. Dont marinate overnight since lemon cooks fish. Stuff the center of the fish with fresh dill, tarragon, crushed garlic and round lemon slices. Bake in clay or glass dish for 45 minutes at 350 degrees F., ingredients: [fresh tarragon and dill sprigs, as needed, 1 whole salmon, 12 inches long, crushed garlic, as needed, 1 lemon, sliced, juice of 2 lemons], title: Baked Dill Garlic Salmon, picturelink: null}, 32241: {instructions: Prepare grill.nWash and open clams. Remove the upper shell to create clams on the half shell. Combine the melted butter and lemon juice. Place the clams on the hot grill and baste with the lemon butter mixture frequently. Clams should take about 4 to 5 minutes to cook. Remove from the grill and reserve. Meanwhile, slice the baguette into 14inch slices. Place the bread slices on the grill and lightly toast. Remove to a serving platter. Place a cooked clam on top of a bread slice. Spoon some of the Buffalo Sauce on top of the clam use sparingly. Top the sauce with a spoonful of the Pico de Gallo and some grated Parmesan. Garnish with chopped parsley and lemon wedges.nCombine ingredients in a small bowl and mix together well.nCombine vegetables and herbs in a small bowl. Add the lemon juice and season, to taste. Mix well to incorporate all ingredients evenly., ingredients: [36 large littleneck clams, 8 ounces butter, melted, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 French baguette, Buffalo Sauce, recipe follows, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 10 ounces Parmesan, grated, Chopped parsley and lemon wedges, for garnish, 8 ounces melted butter, or clarified butter, 12 ounces hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot Sauce, 1 large onion, diced, 2 large tomatoes, diced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 3 lemons, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Barbecued Buffalo Clams, picturelink: DctVMG5U.mDmGRdb8iwbjb7cLyiP13O}, 32242: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler, cut the orange part of the peel from the stem end of the orange down to the navel end, forming long 34 to 1inchwide strips. Bring a heavy small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the peels and cook for 1 minute. Drain and then rinse the peels under cold water. Repeat cooking the peels in the saucepan with fresh boiling water and rinsing under cold water.nStir the sugar and 12 cup of fresh water in a heavy small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil. Add the orange peels and simmer over mediumlow heat until tender, about 15 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the peels to a sheet of parchment paper to dry slightly, about 1 hour.nLine a small baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir the chocolate in a small bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water until melted and smooth. Dip 1 12inches of each candied orange peel into the chocolate then place them on the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate until the chocolate is set, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 large navel orange, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Candied Orange Peel, picturelink: null}, 32243: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the salsa:nOn a baking tray, roast tomatillos, onion, garlic and jalapenos for 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the roasted vegetables and any juices on the bottom of the tray to a food processor. Add the cumin, salt, cilantro, and lime juice and pulse mixture until well combined but still chunky.nFor the enchiladas:nMeanwhile heat a 2 count of olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft and caramelized  this should take 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cumin then cook for a further minute. Sprinkle on the flour and stir to ensure the flour doesnt burn then gradually add the chicken stock to make a veloute. Continue stirring over a low simmer until the flour cooks and the liquid thickens. Turn off the heat, add half of the roasted tomatillo chile salsa, some additional fresh chopped cilantro and fold in the shredded chicken meat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nChange the temperature of the oven to 350 degrees F and begin assembling the dish. Take a large baking dish and smear the bottom with some of the reserved tomatillo salsa. Now take the flour tortillas and briefly flash them over the stovetop flame or put them briefly under the broiler if using an electric stove. Using a shallow bowl, coat each tortilla lightly with the reserved salsa mix. Put a scoop of the shredded chickenenchilada mix on top of the tortilla followed by a sprinkle of the shredded cheese. Fold the tortilla over the filling and roll like a cigar to enclose it. Using a spatula place the tortillas in the baking dish and continue to do the same with all the tortillas. Finally pour over some more of the salsa and top with the remaining shredded cheese. Bake uncovered for about 30 minutes until bubbly and cracked on top. Garnish, cilantro and tomato.nServe hot with Spicy Black Beans and Yellow Rice, the remaining tomatillo salsa, sour cream and fresh guacamole, if desired.nIn a large pot, soak beans overnight covered in water by 2 inches. Drain and set aside.nIn the same pot, heat the olive oil. Add the onion, jalapeno pepper, garlic, and bay leaf and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and cover with water by about 1inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until the beans are tender. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Taste the beans and season with salt and pepper.nPut all the ingredients into a heavybottomed pot, stir well, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook over low heat until the rice has absorbed the water, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Discard the garlic and bay leaf, fluff with a fork, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked, 1 white onion, peeled, sliced, quartered or whole, 4 garlic cloves, 2 jalapenos, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 12 lime, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, storebought, Chopped cilantro leaves, 1 deli roasted chicken about 3 pounds, boned, meat shredded, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 large flour tortillas, 12 pound Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 2 cups sour cream, Chopped tomatoes and cilantro leaves, for garnish, Spicy Black Beans, recipe follows, Yellow Rice, recipe follows, Guacamole, optional, 2 cups about 1 pound dried black beans, picked over, soaked overnight, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups longgrain rice, 4 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 bay leaf], title: Chicken Enchiladas with Roasted Tomatillo Chile Salsa, picturelink: UERE1LvI0w9xRVudQCFU5TSF9uFVW5O}, 32244: {instructions: Chicken and robust pesto dressing combine with our Baby Spinach for this richly seasoned salad.nGrill the Chicken:nWhen grill is hot, cook chicken on both sides.nTake chicken up onto a warm plate.nSet aside for 10 minutes it will finish cooking.nMake the Dressing:nIn food processor, place all dressing ingredients.nPulse to make pesto, scraping sides w rubber spatula.nBlend until creamy.nNote: If you use a blender, add extra olive oil if needed.nMake the Salad:nPlace greens into a large salad bowl.nToss with pesto dressing  thawed peas.nMix well  serve on 4 plates.nSlice chicken breast  lay on top of salad.nSprinkle with crumbled cheese  almonds., ingredients: [Salad Ingredients:, 1 pkg Fresh Expressu00ae Baby Spinach, 4 chicken breasts, no boneskin, Your favorite Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing, 2 cups frozen peas, thawed, 1 cup Feta cheese, crumbled, Dressing Ingredients:, 1 cup roasted almonds, 1 bunch basil, chopped, 3 Tbsp Italian parsley, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, diced, 3 Tbsp Asiago cheese, grated, 1 tsp salt, 1 tsp black pepper, 12 cup rice vinegar, 1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Marinate the Chicken:, Place chicken breasts in medium bowl., Pour vinaigrette  toss to coat., Let sit for 20 mins to an hour.], title: Chicken Pesto Spinach, picturelink: null}, 32245: {instructions: Combine the rice, water, ginger and salt in a pot with tightfitting lid. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Stir once then cover with lid and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 50 minutes. Remove from heat, let stand in covered pot for 10 minutes then fluff with a fork., ingredients: [3 cups longgrain brown rice, 6 cups water, 1inch piece ginger, cut into coins, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Gingered Brown Rice, picturelink: bTGxLzppyWD.M0SuK2Tf.MJM0aN.5C}, 32246: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat a small pan with extravirgin olive oil and cracked garlic in it over medium low flame. Trim ends of eggplants and remove a sliver of the skin off of 1 side, so the eggplant sits flat for you to slice it. Cut the eggplant into 12inch thick slices. Arrange the eggplant on cookie sheets. When garlic sizzles in oil, using a pastry brush, brush both sides of sliced eggplant. Season eggplant with salt and pepper and roast in hot oven 15 minutes or until tender. Turn eggplant once.nTake a couple of tablespoons of remaining extravirgin olive oil and place in a second pan, a medium skillet, over medium high heat. To hot garlic oil, add remaining chopped garlic and red onions. Saute the red onions and garlic 2 to 3 minutes then add chopped fire roasted tomatoes and tomato sauce then season with salt and pepper. Lower heat and allow sauce to thicken.nRemove eggplant from the oven. Get split sub rolls ready to fill, arranging the split rolls on a broiler pan. Preheat broiler to melt cheese on subs. Pile layers of cooked eggplant, roasted tomato sauce and torn basil into sub rolls, equally dividing ingredients. Top subs with grated cheese and smoked mozzarella cheese. Melt cheeses under the broiler. Serve subs hot., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 large cloves cracked garlic, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 2 medium eggplant, firm, Coarse salt and black pepper, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 28ounce can chopped fire roasted tomatoes recommended: Muir Glen, 1 small 8ounce can tomato sauce, 4 sub rolls, split, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced or torn, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 pound smoked mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: Super Eggplant Subs, picturelink: null}, 32247: {instructions: Drizzle 2 teaspoons blue curacao into a chilled martini glass add 2 dashes orange bitters. Shake a shot of blueberry vodka with ice in a shaker, then strain into the glass garnish with blueberries.nSee all 50 Summer Drinks, ingredients: [], title: Bluetini, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 32248: {instructions: For the turkey filling: Heat the EVOO in a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat and melt in the butter. Add the turkey and cook, crumbling the meat, until browned. Season with the Worcestershire and some salt and pepper. Add the celery, carrots, onions, potatoes and thyme and cook, partially covered, to soften the vegetables, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute add the stock and cook to thicken. Stir in the peas until warmed through. Transfer the mixture to a casserole dish.nFor the stuffing: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the butter. When melted, add the celery, apples, bay leaf and onions. Add the poultry seasoning and salt and pepper if using and cook until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the stuffing mix and moisten with the stock. Arrange the stuffing on top of the turkey filling and dot with butter.nCool and store for a makeahead meal, or bake to serve immediately. If baking immediately, bake at 375 degrees F until brown, bubbly and crisp on top, 15 to 20 minutes. If baking later, bring to room temperature and bake at 375 degrees F until brown, bubbly and crisp on top, 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds ground turkey, at room temperature and patted dry, About 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 small potato, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 to 2 12 cups turkey or chicken stock, 12 cup organic frozen peas, 6 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 3 to 4 ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped, 2 small apples, such as Macintosh or Honeycrisp, chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 onion, chopped, About 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, such as Rachael Ray Perfect Poultry Seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper if not included in the poultry seasoning blend, 1 bag traditional seasoned stuffing mix, such as Pepperidge Farm, or 5 cups cubed stale bread, About 3 cups turkey or chicken stock, Butter, for dotting casserole], title: Turkey and Stuffing Casserole, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 32249: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a blender and mix until smooth., ingredients: [8 ounces chai concentrate, 14 ounces vanilla ice cream], title: Oregon Chai Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 32250: {instructions: In a bowl combine vinaigrette, garlic, oregano and red pepper flakes with a whisk. In a ziplockbag combine lamb pieces with vinaigrette. Refrigerate and marinate overnight.nDrain meat and pat dry. Heat grill pan over medium high heat. Skewer the lamb pieces alternating with tomatoes, red onion and green bell pepper. Grill for 2 minutes per side rotating four times., ingredients: [13 basic vinaigrette recipe see above, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 pound lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces, 6 cherry tomatoes, 12 red onion, peeled and cut into 4 pieces, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1 12 inch squares], title: Quick Lamb Dinner, picturelink: null}, 32251: {instructions: For the chipotle mayonnaise: Remove peppers from can you may want to use rubber gloves if sensitive to peppers. Carefully split open and scrape out seeds. Finely chop peppers set aside.nIn a small bowl, stir together 1 12 teaspoons chopped chipotle peppers and mayonnaise set aside covered in refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the burgers: In a mixing bowl, stir to combine ground beef, chili seasoning, 2 teaspoons chopped chipotles, and beer. Wet your hands to prevent sticking and shape into 4 patties slightly larger than the buns set aside covered in refrigerator if not cooking immediately.nSet up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Brush and oil grill before cooking.nSeason burgers with salt and pepper and place on hot oiled grill. Cook 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium. Place cheese slices on burgers 2 to 3 minutes before burgers are done.nServe hot on toasted bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, sliced avocado, if desired, and a dollop of chipotle mayonnaise.nINDOOR: Follow instructions for preparing burgers. Preheat broiler. Place burgers on wire rack over foillined baking sheet or broiler pan. Broil 6 inches from heat source for 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium. Place cheese slices on burger 1 to 2 minutes before done. Serve hot on toasted bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, sliced avocado if desired, and a dollop of chipotle mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons chipotles in adobo sauce recommended: La Victoria, 34 cup mayonnaise recommended: Best Foods, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 2 tablespoons TexMex chili seasoning recommended: McCormicks, 2 teaspoons chipotles in adobo sauce recommended: La Victoria, 14 cup beer of choice, Salt and pepper, 2 slices pepper Jack cheese recommended: Tillamook, Hamburger buns, toasted, Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Sliced avocado, optional], title: Fiery TexMex Chipotle Cheeseburgers, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 32252: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the mustard seeds, lager, and malt vinegar. Cover and soak overnight.nStrain the liquid and reserve in a separate container. Place the soaked seeds in a food processor and pulse 7 to 8 times. In a double boiler, place the cracked seeds and add the strained liquid, allspice, pepper, salt, sugar, dry mustard, garlic, and horseradish. Cook about 90 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and let cool, then refrigerate., ingredients: [1 cup mustard seeds, 2 cups lager beer, 1 13 cups malt vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 14 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons horseradish], title: Brewhouse Beer Mustard, picturelink: null}, 32253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small bowl combine the cayenne, rosemary, and garlic. Add enough olive oil until it becomes a loose paste. Schmear the roast with the rosemarygarlic paste and really massage it into the meat. Season generously with kosher salt.nPut the onions, baby carrots, celery and mushrooms in the bottom of a roasting pan. Toss with a little olive oil and salt, to taste. Add the wine, 1 cup of chicken stock and the bay leaves. Put the roast on top of the veggies and put into the preheated oven until the roast is really brown and lovely, about 25 to 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F for another 1 34 to 2 hours. Occasionally during the cooking time, spoon some of the juices over the meat. If the liquid level in the pan goes down too much, add the remaining 1 cup of stock. It also would be a great idea to rotate the roasting pan about halfway through the cooking process.nCheck the temperature of the meat by inserting an instantread thermometer into the center of the roast. For mediumrare it should be 125 degrees F and 130 for medium. Remove the roast from the oven to a cutting board and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes before carving.nTaste the veggies in the pan juices and season with salt, to taste, if needed. Skim off any excess fat.nSlice the roast and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with the veggies and the pan juices., ingredients: [12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 bunch rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 8 to 8 12pound bonein standing rib roast, Kosher salt, 1 onion, cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound baby carrots, tops trimmed, 3 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, stems removed and quartered, 1 cup red wine, 2 cups rich chicken stock, 2 bay leaves], title: Standing Rib Roast, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 32254: {instructions: Mix the vinegar, lemon juice, honey, salt, and pepper in a blender. With the machine running, gradually blend in the oil., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup olive oil], title: Red Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32255: {instructions: Preheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees F.nTrim the fat evenly across the top to 14inch thick. Season the brisket liberally with the seasoning rub. Cook in the oven or smoker until the internal temperature on an instant read meat thermometer reaches 175 degrees F, about 6 to 8 hours. Remove the meat from the oven or smoker and wrap in a double layer of aluminum foil to seal in the juices. Turn the foiled meat upside down and place it back in the oven or smoker for 1 more hour. Remove and let the meat rest for 20 minutes. Slice in 14inch thick slices.nServe with jalapeno peppers andor onions on a bun or in a soft flour tortilla shell with fajita seasoning and sauce.nEnjoy, ingredients: [1 6 to 8pound beef brisket, 1 cup seasoning rub recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Magic Dust], title: Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 32256: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes and rinse them in cold water. Chop the potatoes in fourths. Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, and then return them to the pan. With the burner on low heat, mash the potatoes with a potato masher the more steam thats released while you mash, the better. Mash for about 5 minutes. Turn off the burner.nAdd the butter, cream cheese, halfandhalf, and seasonings. Stir to combine, and if the mixture needs thinning, add milk. Check the seasonings, adding salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the mashed potatoes into a large casserole pan. Dot the surface with butter. Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking for 10 more minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 pounds Yukon gold or russet potatoes, 1 12 sticks softened butter, plus more for baking, 1 12 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 12 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Milk, if needed, for thinning], title: Creamy Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 32257: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the brown sugar and stir until the sugar completely dissolves, about 2 minutes. Lay the bananas in the pan and cook on both sides until they become slightly soft and begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the banana liqueur and then the rum and cinnamon. Tip the pan slightly and carefully ignite the alcohol with a long kitchen match or kitchen lighter to flambe. Put the pan back on the heat and shake it back and forth basting the bananas, until the flame dies out.nDivide the ice cream among dessert bowls. Gently lift the bananas from the pan and place 2 pieces on the ice cream. Spoon the sauce over the ice cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 6 ripe bananas, peeled, sliced lengthwise and halved, 14 cup banana liqueur, 12 cup dark rum, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 32258: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees. Place pizza stone inside about 20 minutes before baking the pizzas off.nShape the pizza in individual pies. Use flour to keep the dough from sticking to your work surface. Top each pie with a drizzle of olive oil, the tomato sauce, mozzarella and Romano. Give each child their own and let them top it as they like. For example you can go traditional Italian and top it with pepperoni and onion. Or make the pizza Hawaiian by adding the Canadian bacon and pineapple. Place the topped pizzas on the pizza stone and cook until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is all melty., ingredients: [Pizza stone, Storebought Pizza dough, Tomato sauce, Mozzarella, Romano, Pepperoni, sliced, Roasted red peppers, cut in strips, Pineapple chunks, Canadian bacon, Flour, Olive oil], title: Crazy Kids Personal Pizza, picturelink: null}, 32259: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWash and pat dry chicken and refrigerate. In a food processor, blend the chipotles, cilantro, olive oil, garlic, onion, jalapeno, salt, and pepper. Rub the chili mixture all over the chicken, inside and out. Season with salt and pepper, inside and out. Roast for about 35 to 45 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear. Allow the chicken to rest 15 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, innards removed and washed, 2 chipotles in adobo, 1 cilantro sprig, 2 cups Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1 white onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chili Rubbed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 32260: {instructions: Wash the greens well and discard any tough stems. Tear into bite size pieces.nWorking over a bowl to catch the juices, peel the grapefruits and oranges and cut between the membranes to remove the sections. Remove the seeds. Place the grapefruit and orange supremes in another bowl, reserving the juice. Add onion to bowl with supremes and mix.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the chipotle chiles, vinegar, olive oil, salt, pepper and 2 tablespoons of reserved grapefruitorange juice.nTo serve, pour dressing over fruit, add greens and toss lightly. Arrange on a platter or among 4 salad plates and garnish with avocado slices., ingredients: [1 bunch watercress, stems removed, 1 head Boston lettuce, 2 pink grapefruit, 2 oranges, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 2 pickled chipotle chiles, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced], title: Citrus and Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 32261: {instructions: Put the honeydew, liqueur, lime juice, basil, salt and 2 tablespoons of the sugar in a blender and puree until the basil is fairly fine. Taste, and if you would like it a little sweeter, blend in the remaining tablespoon sugar. Pour into an 8 or 9inch square metal baking dish and freeze until slushy, 30 to 40 minutes. Scrape with a fork and spoon into cold glasses or small bowls., ingredients: [], title: Honeydew Elderflower Granita, picturelink: null}, 32262: {instructions: Peel off the skin. Boil it.nChilli mixnAdd all chillies  grind it., ingredients: [1 chopped onion, 2 tomatoes, 4 grreen chillies], title: Tst, picturelink: null}, 32263: {instructions: Peel and slice the turnips thinly, Peel and dice the parsnips cutting the vegetables small and thin will help speed up cooking time.nAdd the sliced and diced vegetables to a large saucepan and cover them with cold water. Add salt to the water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil the vegetables for about 8 to 10 minutes until quite soft. Vegetables are cooked when you can easily insert the tip of a knife.nDrain the vegetables and place them back into the saucepan. Add the butter and thyme. With a potato masher, mash all ingredients together. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 large turnips, 6 large parsnips, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, from about 4 sprigs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Parsnip and Turnip Mash, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 32264: {instructions: Fill a large skillet with about 2 inches of water. Bring the water to a gentle boil. Drop each egg carefully into the simmering water. Let them cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the whites are firm. Gently scoop each egg out with a slotted spoon and drain eggs thoroughly.nCut the chorizo sausage links in half lengthwise and then brown them in a mediumsized skillet until fully cooked. Remove from heat and drain sausage. While sasuage is cooking, lightly toast the English muffins.nTo serve, place 2 halves of a chorizo link on each half of the English muffins. Place 1 poached egg on top of the chorizo links. Spoon some Chipotle Hollandaise sauce on each muffin. Serve immediately.nWhip the egg yolks until they are foamy. Continue whipping while you add the hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and lemon juice. Transfer the mixture to the top of a double boiler and place over medium heat, and continue whipping by hand until sauces thickens and forms ribbons when the whisk is lifted. Then remove sauce from the heat and add the butter and the chipotle puree., ingredients: [8 eggs, 8 chorizo sausage links, 4 English muffins, split, Chipotle Hollandaise sauce, recipe follows, 3 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon salt, Lemon juice, to taste, 18 cup melted butter, 12 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree], title: Southwest Benedict, picturelink: null}, 32265: {instructions: To make the marinade, combine the oil, vinegar, garlic, mustard, oregano, parsley, rosemary, Worcestershire and some salt and pepper in a food processor and pulse until the garlic and herbs are incorporated in the oil.nPlace the steaks in a ziptop bag, pour the marinade over the steaks and marinate at least 30 minutes and up to overnight.nBefore grilling, remove the steaks from the bag and pour the remaining marinade into a small pan. Bring the marinade to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Use this sauce to drizzle on the steaks as soon as you remove them from the grill.nPrepare a gas or charcoal grill for high heat. When up to temperature, grease the grates with a little oil, then place the steaks over the hottest part of the grill. Depending on the thickness of the steaks and the temperature of the grill, the steaks should grill about 3 minutes per side for medium rare flank steak is best served medium rare. Remove the steaks from the grill, drizzle with the sauce and let them rest for 5 to 7 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, Few dashes Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds flank steak], title: Eddie Jacksons Flank Steak, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 32266: {instructions: Slice stale cinnamonraisin bagels crosswise into thin rounds. Brush the rounds with melted butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake 10 minutes at 325 degrees F flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar, and bake 10 more minutes., ingredients: [], title: Sweet Bagel Chips, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 32267: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the butter, shortening, sugar and eggs in the bowl of a mixer. Blend in flour. Form dough into 1inch balls. Combine 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon. Roll the balls in the sugarcinnamon mixture and bake 8 to 10 minutes. Then place the chocolate sticks inside the cookies so they look like lollipops., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup butterflavored shortening recommended: Crisco, 1 12 cups sugar, plus 2 tablespoons for dusting, 2 eggs, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 24 chocolate sticks recommended: Mikado], title: Snickerdoodles, picturelink: null}, 32268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRoll the pizza dough into a small disk on a lightlyfloured surface let it rest 10 minutes, then toss, stretch or roll it into a thin, broad crust.nPrepare a grill for high heat. Brush the pizza dough with some of the oil and place it on the grill. Grill, covered, for 30 seconds, then check: The crust should be slightly stiff but not deeply browned. Flip the crust, top it with a thin layer of the tomato sauce and the mozzarella. Sprinkle with some basil leaves, cover and grill until the cheese has melted and the crust has browned, about 30 seconds more., ingredients: [1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for the work surface, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 14 cup prepared tomato sauce, One to two 8ounce balls fresh mozzarella, sliced, or packaged grated mozzarella, Fresh basil leaves, for sprinkling], title: Grilled Pizza, picturelink: FIVAWPBDlsujkoACOZkEAN7T1Er9RC}, 32269: {instructions: Combine 1 cup warm water 105 degrees F to 110 degrees F and the yeast in a medium bowl let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Sift 1 12 cups flour over the yeast stir until mostly smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size with large bubbles on the surface, 20 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, prick the potato all over with a fork microwave until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then peel the potato and grate on the large holes of a box grater. Combine 1 stick butter, the sugar, salt and mustard powder in a stand mixer beat with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs and grated potato until combined, then beat in the yeast mixture and 1 12 cups cheddar until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually beat in the remaining 2 12 cups flour until the dough starts coming together in a soft, sticky ball. You may not need all of the flour. Gather into a loose ball and transfer to a lightly oiled bowl turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 24 pieces. Shape each piece into a ball, dusting with flour as needed, and arrange in the baking dish, slightly touching. Set aside until the rolls are lightly puffed, about 20 minutes.nLightly oil a sheet of foil and loosely cover the rolls, oiledside down. Bake until just firm to the touch, about 30 minutes. Uncover, brush with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup cheddar. Continue baking until the rolls are golden brown and the cheese is melted, about 20 more minutes. Let cool at least 20 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese about 8 ounces, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 14ounce packet active dry yeast about 2 14 teaspoons, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 medium russet potato 7 to 8 ounces, 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the baking dish, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 2 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Cheddar Potato Rolls, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 32270: {instructions: Make marinade: In a large jar with a tightfitting lid combine marinade ingredients with salt and pepper to taste and shake until combined well.nIn a large resealable plastic bag combine fillet with marinade and seal bag, pressing out as much air as possible. Turn bag several times to coat fillet with marinade and put in a shallow dish or bowl. Marinate fillet, chilled, turning bag every few hours, at least 8 hours or overnight. Let fillet stand at room temperature 30 minutes before grilling.nPrepare grill. Grill fillet on an oiled rack set about 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, turning every 5 minutes to evenly sear all sides, until it registers 130 to 135 degrees on a meat thermometer, about 25 to 30 minutes, for mediumrare. Alternatively, fillet may be roasted in an oiled roasting pan in a preheated 500 degree oven approximately the same amount of time. Transfer fillet to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. Slice fillet and serve with vinaigrette., ingredients: [23 cup olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, chopped fine, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons finely grated, peeled, fresh gingerroot, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, A 2 12 to 3pound fillet of beef, trimmed and tied, Tomato Ginger Vinaigrette], title: Grilled Fillet of Beef with Tomato Ginger Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a large brining bag, optional and a probe thermometernFor the maplewhiskey brine: Combine the whiskey, maple syrup, salt, peppercorns, bay leaves, garlic, rosemary, orange peel, apple peel and 8 cups 2 quarts water in a large pot. Bring to a boil uncovered, stirring to dissolve the salt, then turn off the heat and cover. Allow to cool completely, then place in the fridge to chill.nFor the turkey: Remove the turkey from its packaging and remove the bags inside that hold the neck and giblets. Rinse the neck and giblets and put them in a plastic bag in the fridge youll need them for the MapleWhiskey Gravy. Rinse the turkey thoroughly with cold water. Place the turkey in a large brining bag or pot. Pour in the maplewhiskey brine, cover with cold water and place in the fridge for 16 to 24 hours so the brine can work its magic.nWhen ready for roasting, preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the brine and rinse it thoroughly again inside and out. Soak the turkey in cold water for 15 to 20 minutes, then rinse again and pat dry. Tuck the wings underneath the turkey, then tie the legs together with kitchen string. Place the turkey breastside up on a rack in a large, shallow roasting pan. Cover the pan with heavyduty foil so that its well sealed. Roast for about 10 minutes per pound about 2 12 hours for a 15pound turkey and about 3 hours 20 minutes for a 20pound turkey.nRemove the turkey from the oven and increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Remove the foil and set aside. Put stuffing in the bird if you wish at this point. Rub the butter all over the skin of the turkey, getting in the crevices. Insert a probe thermometer into the thigh, near the hip joint. Place the turkey, uncovered, back in the oven. Continue roasting, basting or brushing with the juices in the pan every 30 minutes, until the thermometer registers 165 degrees F and the juices are no longer pink. This could take another 2 to 2 12 hours, depending on the size of the bird.nRemove the turkey from the oven and cover lightly with foil until you are ready to carve it. Pour the pan drippings into a fat separator and set aside for the MapleWhiskey Gravy.nPut the giblets and neck in a small saucepan of water over medium heat and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to medium low and simmer until the giblets are cooked, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the giblets and neck, set aside and keep the water in the saucepan.nIn the turkey roasting pan which should not have been cleaned, add back 14 cup turkey fat. Sprinkle in the flour and whisk it into the fat to form a paste. If the paste is too thick or clumpy, add a little more fat. If its too greasy, sprinkle in more flour. Whisk and cook the roux over mediumlow heat until deep golden brown.nTurn off the heat and add the whiskey, then turn the heat back on and whisk it in. Pour in the chicken broth, whisking the whole time, then add the maple syrup. Allow it to cook and thicken for several minutes, whisking occasionally. If the gravy gets too thick or if its too salty, thin it with a little of the giblet water. If the gravy is too thin, just keep cooking until it thickens up. Taste, then add salt and plenty of black pepper. Chop the giblets and add them to the gravy. Remove as much of the neck meat as you can and add it to the gravy too. Serve immediately, ingredients: [3 cups whiskey, Two 12.5ounce bottles pure maple syrup about 3 cups, 1 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons tricolor peppercorns, 5 bay leaves, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped off, Peel of 3 large oranges, cut into large strips, Peel of 2 red apples, Peel of 2 green apples, One 15 to 20pound turkey, thawed if frozen not selfbasting or enhanced, 2 sticks butter, softened, MapleWhiskey Gravy, for serving, optional, recipe follows, Turkey giblets and neck from 1 turkey discard the liver, 14 cup turkey fat from drippings, plus more if needed, 13 cup allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 14 cup whiskey, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup pure maple syrup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: MapleWhiskey Turkey, picturelink: XpIgPISpuRLqYW7dfnepTZbCQc6fp1G}, 32272: {instructions: In a small bowl stir all the ingredients together. Spoon over vegetables or drizzle lightly over dressed salads as a garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Cracked Black Pepper Garnish, picturelink: null}, 32273: {instructions: Special equipment: An ice cream maker and a candy or instantread thermometernFor the ice cream: Whisk the cream, milk, sugar, vanilla and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the beaten yolks, then pour back into the saucepan, whisking, and return to medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, coats the spoon and reaches 180 degrees F on a thermometer, 6 to 8 minutes.nStrain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl or measuring cup discard the solids. Stir often until the mixture cools to room temperature. Lightly press plastic wrap directly against the surface of the custard to prevent a skin from forming. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. For faster chilling, set the bowl of custard in a bowl of ice water and stir until cold.nFor the pineapple swirl: Combine the cream, butter and 12 teaspoon salt in a measuring cup and set aside. Cook the sugar, corn syrup and 1 tablespoon water in a saucepan over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved, stirring occasionally. Increase the heat to medium high and bring the mixture to a boil. Cook, swirling the saucepan once or twice so that the caramel cooks evenly, until it reaches a medium amber color, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully pour the cream mixture into the sugar mixture. Whisk until smooth. Pour about 34 cup of the caramel into a measuring cup and set aside.nStir the crushed pineapple and any juices into the remaining 12 cup caramel in the saucepan and return to medium heat. Cook until reduced and thickened, about 12 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes and then process in a food processor until pureed. Chill until ready to use.nFreeze the cold custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers directions. Transfer half of the ice cream to an 8inch square metal pan and swirl in 12 cup of the pineapple mixture with a butter knife, using circular motions to distribute the pineapple throughout the cream. Add the remaining ice cream and repeat with the remaining pineapple. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, 2 to 3 hours.nTo assemble: Warm the caramel sauce in the microwave at high power for 30 seconds. Put a slice of pound cake in the bottoms of 8 bowls and top with a slice of pineapple, a scoop of ice cream and a dollop of whipped cream. Drizzle with caramel sauce and top with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, Pineapple Swirl:, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, One 8ounce can crushed pineapple in juice, 8 slices pound cake 12 inch thick, 8 slices canned pineapple, Whipped cream, for serving, 8 cherries with stems], title: Homemade Pineapple UpsideDown Sundae, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 32274: {instructions: Combine 1 12 ounces vodka, 2 ounces apple cider, 1 pinch ground ginger, 1 pinch powdered chai tea mix optional, 1 ounce merlot and a splash of lime juice in a shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously, then strain into a martini glass. Garnish with an apple slice.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [], title: Resolution Cocktail, picturelink: aMKCNDcCjYxkNoVw9Gbm8JT92f0EuGS}, 32275: {instructions: Drizzle some olive oil over the mushrooms and season with some chopped dill and a pinch of sea salt on the underside of the mushrooms. Grill caps, watching it bubble, until tender and with slight grill marks., ingredients: [Olive oil, 10 portobello mushroom caps, Chopped dill, Sea salt], title: Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: OSg.DIgAi7yiDTPAxGzGJjr4OGcvyO}, 32276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nIf the asparagus are thick, peel them halfway up the stalks. Cut off and discard the bottom third of the asparagus. Place the asparagus in a single layer on a sheet pan, drizzle with olive oil, and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast for 10 minutes, until the stalks are just tender. Meanwhile, place the prosciutto in a single layer on another sheet pan and roast in the same oven for 5 minutes.nMelt the butter in a medium 10inch saute pan over medium heat and wait until the bubbles almost subside. Crack the eggs into the skillet, keeping them separate, if possible. Sprinkle the eggs generously with salt and pepper and cook over medium heat until the whites are cooked but the yolks are still runny. Dont turn them overnArrange the asparagus on 3 plates. Place 2 slices of prosciutto on top of each pile, drizzle with hollandaise, and place a fried egg on top of the prosciutto. Serve hot.nPlace the egg yolks, lemon juice, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in the jar of a blender and process on low for 15 seconds. Melt the butter in a small saucepan until it is sizzling hot. Remove the small clear insert in the top of the blender. With the blender on low, slowly add the hot butter to the egg and lemon mixture and blend for 30 seconds, until the sauce is very thick. Use immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh asparagus not too thin, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large slices prosciutto, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 extralarge eggs, Easy Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, 2 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter], title: Roasted Asparagus and Prosciutto, picturelink: PknzSVejMTc941flhTzQE4a1jqfJoOe}, 32277: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until well blended, 1 to 2 minutes. Add vanilla, lemon extract, and salt. With mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, scraping down sides of bowl.nTurn dough out onto work surface it will be loose and crumbly. Knead dough by pushing small amounts away from you with the heel of your hand for 1 to 2 minutes. Divide dough in half. Sprinkle cocoa powder over 1 half. Continue to knead until cocoa is fully incorporated. Using a rolling pin, shape each half of dough between plastic wrap into a 7 by 7inch, 12inchthick square. With a sharp knife, slice each portion of dough into 9 34inch strips use a ruler to measure the precise 34inch increments.nWhisk together egg and 1 tablespoon water. Cover work surface with plastic wrap. Place 3 strips of dough on plastic, alternating white and chocolate. Brush tops of strips and in between with egg wash. Press together gently. Form second and third layers by adhering alternate colors with egg wash and stacking to create the effect of a checkerboard. Roll into a log. Wrap log in plastic wrap. Repeat process for second log, reversing color pattern. Refrigerate dough for 30 minutes, or freeze for 15 minutes.nSlice each log into 14inchthick slices, and place on a silpatlined baking sheet or parchment paperlined baking sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool for 2 minutes, and transfer to a wire rack. Allow to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon lemon extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 34 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon water], title: Checkerboard Cookies, picturelink: null}, 32278: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nAdd 12 cup water to the pecans and raisins, then microwave for 90 seconds. Allow the raisins and pecans to sit on the counter for about 10 minutes. Drain the raisins and pecans and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the butter and the sugars and beat with an electric mixer until very creamy. Add the vanilla extract and eggs, and beat again until mixed.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Add it to the butter mixture. Add the oats, raisins and pecans. Mix together.nDrop heaping tablespoons of batter onto the prepared baking sheet. Leave plenty of room for the cookies to spread. Bake until the cookies are cooked in the middle, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven. Cool on the baking sheet for about 3 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup pecans, chopped, 1 cup raisins, 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups oldfashion rolled oats, uncooked], title: Oatmeal Raisin Cookies, picturelink: null}, 32279: {instructions: Method for the mole sauce this should be done 1 day in advance:nRemove the seeds and stems from all of the chiles. Heat some lard or oil and quickly fry the chiles on both sides, taking care not to burn them. Put the chiles into a bowl, cover with water, and leave to stand for a few hours.nIn a blender, puree the chiles with a few tablespoons of water until smooth. Place the chili puree in a saucepan and cook over a medium flame for 10 minutes. Set aside.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add the coriander seeds, sesame seeds, cinnamon, and cloves and cook until their aroma is released. Transfer to a spice grinder and mix together. Add the garlic cloves and grind. Set aside.nMelt 3 tablespoons of lard in the same saute pan and fry the raisins briefly. In the same pan, fry the almonds and peanuts until browned. Transfer the raisins, nuts, and ground spices to a blender and puree together. They should form a smooth paste and may need a couple of tablespoons of chicken broth to blend effectively.nAdd the blended mixture to the chile sauce and cook over a flame for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Break the Mexican chocolate into pieces and add it to the mixture. Continue cooking the mole for a further 15 minutes. Add the sugar and broth, and continue cooking the mole for around 45 minutes. Add salt and pepper, if necessary, and if desired some extra chocolate, to taste.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the turkey breasts with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large, heavybottomed frying pan and sear the breasts skin side down first. Once the turkey is crisp and golden on both sides, remove from heat and place for 15 minutes in the oven to cook the meat through.nSlice the turkey and pour over the mole sauce. Garnish with sliced onions, radish, sesame seeds, and some sprigs of cilantro., ingredients: [6 medium dried mulato chiles, 3 medium dried ancho chiles, 4 medium dried pasilla chiles, 1 chipotle chile, Vegetable oil or lard, 12 cup coriander seeds, 12 cup sesame seeds, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon cloves, 5 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup peanuts, 12 cup almonds, 1 12 ounces Mexican chocolate, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 quarts chicken broth, Salt and pepper, 2 large turkey breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 radishes, sliced, 1 handful sesame seeds, 1 handful cilantro leaves], title: Mexicos National Dish, Turkey with Chocolate Chile Sauce: Mole Poblano, picturelink: null}, 32280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: In a food processor, combine the flour, sugar, salt, cold butter and grated cheese. Cooks Note: This is where you can add a little extra cheese or use extrasharp Cheddar to deliver that tangy cheesy flavor in every bite. Pulse the processor until the mixture resembles fine sand.nRemove the lid and add the ice water to the mixture. Run the processor just until the mixture rolls itself into a little ball. If the mixture is a bit dry, add more ice water by the tablespoonful until it comes together. Gather the dough into a ball. With a bench scraper, divide the mixture evenly in half. Shape each half into a disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap and chill at least 30 minutes. Cooks Note: At this point you can keep the wrapped dough in the refrigerator for a few days or freeze for later use.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and sugar, making sure there are no lumps in the cornstarch. Mix in the apples slices, lemon juice and zest and pinch of salt. Toss to coat the apples completely in the mixture. Cooks Note: If you would like to add a beautiful blush color to your filling, add a redskinned apple like Braeburn to the mix and toss some of the peel into the mixture. The result is a light pink hue thats absolutely gorgeous and deliciousnAfter the dough has chilled, lightly flour the work surface and roll 1 of the dough disks into a 13inch round. Carefully place the dough round to a 9inch diameter deepdish glass pie dish. Brush the overhang with water. Pour the apple filling into the doughlined dish and dot it with the diced butter.nFor the top crust, roll out the second dough disk on the same lightly floured surface. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round, slightly smaller than the bottom crust. Carefully place the dough over the mound of apples. Press the overhang of the bottom and top dough pieces together to seal. Cut the excess dough to 12 inch and fold under. Crimp the dough under and pinch together. Cut 3 2inch slits in the top of the crust to allow steam to escape. Cooks Note: For an extraspecial touch, combine the pie dough scraps, roll out and then cut out shapes, like apples or leaves, and place on the top crust or pie edges. Brush with egg wash and bake.nBake the pie until golden brown, about 30 minutes. If the edge of the crust browns too quickly, place an edge guard or craft your own out of aluminum foil and place on the pie edge. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake the pie until the apple filling starts to bubble up in the center and has thickened, about 30 minutes. Remove the pie from the oven and cool the pie on a rack for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 14 cups packed grated sharp Cheddar about 5 ounces, 4 tablespoons ice water, or more as needed, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 13 cup sugar, 2 34 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Pinch fine sea salt, 3 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, diced, 1 beaten egg, for brushing], title: Cheddar Cheese Apple Pie, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 32281: {instructions: Place the nontempering chocolate in the top of a double boiler over hot, but not quite simmering, water. Melt the chocolate, stirring until it is smooth. Remove the boiler from the heat. Pour the chocolate into 12inch circular molds and prepare the molds as directed on the chocolate packaging reserve some melted chocolate for making the handle as directed below. Once hardened, pop the cups out of the mold.nTo make the handle of the coffee cup, put some melted chocolate in a pastry bag. Using a finepoint tip, pipe out a C for each mug on a piece of waxed paper. Allow the chocolate to harden.nUsing a fine point tip, pipe out a dollop of melted chocolate onto each pastille and place a cup on each to glue them together, making a coffee cup shape. Do the same for each handle and allow to harden.nPlace the 3 ganaches in 3 different pasty bags. Using a circular motion, pipe 13 of the Cognac Caramel Ganache in the bottom of each mug. Next, pipe the Coffee Ganache up to the top of the mug. Then, pipe the White Chocolate Ganache on top. Dust each cup lightly with cocoa powder and serve.n14 cup watern1 12 tablespoons corn syrupn23 cup sugarn12 cup heavy creamn2 tablespoons CognacnHeat a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the water, corn syrup, and sugar and bring the mixture to a boil. Do not stir the mixture once the sugar begins to boil. When the sugar begins to caramelize on the sides, remove the pan from the heat and slowly stir until the color is a medium brown. Carefully add the heavy cream and stir then add the cognac and stir until well blended. Store the ganache at room temperature until ready to use.n12 cup heavy creamn1 tablespoon instant coffeen1 cup chopped white chocolaten1 tablespoon coffee liqueurn12 teaspoon coffee extractnHeat a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the heavy cream and instant coffee and slowly bring to a simmer. Put the white chocolate in a bowl and pour the hot cream over the chocolate and stir. Add the coffee liqueur and stir well then add the coffee extract and stir until it is blended. If you need to melt the chocolate more, use a double boiler as described above.n12 cup heavy creamn34 cup chopped white chocolatenHeat a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the heavy cream and slowly bring to a simmer. Put the white chocolate in a bowl and pour the hot cream over the chocolate, stirring until it is melted., ingredients: [1 pound nontempering chocolate, coarsely chopped, 20 chocolate pastilles small, chocolate disks in candymaking shops, Cognac Caramel Ganache, recipe follows, Coffee Ganache, recipe follows, White Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Cocoa powder, for garnish], title: Cappuccino Cups, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 32282: {instructions: Lightly beat 12 of the eggs in a medium bowl. Slowly add the flour, mixing with a hand blender, until the mixture is the consistency of a light runny batter. Add a little more flour if needed.nHeat the oil in a large, heavy frying pan until hot. Dip each slice of eggplant into the batter and then put directly into the hot oil. Fry until light brown on each side, about 30 seconds. Remove to a colander to drain any excess oil.nBeat the remaining 8 eggs in a medium bowl. In a disposable aluminum pan or a cake pan, begin a lasagnalike assembly process. Add a very thin layer of tomato sauce to the bottom of the pan. Add one layer of eggplant, a little Parmesan and a drizzle of the beaten egg. Begin again with the tomato sauce, and repeat for as thick as you want, with no less than three layers. Reserve a little of the tomato sauce and beaten egg for the baking. Its best to refrigerate overnight before baking.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd a thin layer of tomato sauce on top of the eggplant, followed by some beaten egg. Cover with plastic wrap and foil, and bake for 1 hour., ingredients: [20 eggs, About 1 12 cups flour, Oil, for frying, 5 large eggplants, peeled and sliced lengthwise 18 inch thick, 8 cups tomato sauce, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 32283: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Heat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes and cook 1 to 2 minutes remove from the heat. Brush both sides of the bread with some of the garlic mixture and arrange on a baking sheet. Broil the bread until toasted, about 1 minute per side. Divide the bread among 4 bowls.nPlace the skillet with the remaining garlic mixture over high heat. Add the shrimp and toss to coat, then stir in the wine and lemon zest and juice. Transfer to the broiler and cook until the shrimp are pink, about 3 minutes. Transfer the shrimp with a slotted spoon to the bowls.nReturn the skillet to high heat and boil the cooking liquid until slightly thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the parsley and chives. Whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and simmer 1 to 2 more minutes pour over the shrimp. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 8 12inchthick slices crusty bread, 1 14 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 34 cup dry white wine or lowsodium chicken broth, Grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, plus lemon wedges for serving, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Shrimp Scampi with Garlic Toasts, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 32284: {instructions: In a saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add flour and stir using a wooden spoon. In a separate saucepan have hot milk over low to medium heat. While constantly whisking, gradually add hot milk to the roux the butter and flour mixture. Simmer mixture while continuing to whisk. Sauce will thicken in a few minutes.nTo basic finished bechamel sauce, add 14 cup grated Gruyere and 14 cup grated Parmesan to sauce. Slice potatoes and layer in gratin dish. Season potatoes with salt and pepper to taste. Pour bechamel with cheese over potatoes and bake for 30 minutes in 350 degree oven, until potatoes are cooked through. Garnish with parsley, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, heated, Salt and pepper to taste, Pinch of nutmeg], title: Bechamel, picturelink: null}, 32285: {instructions: Special equipment: a 14inch pizza pannFor the dough: Combine the flour, rosemary, yeast, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add 34 cup warm water and the oil and process until the dough forms a ball. Transfer to a large, lightly oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let stand in a warm, draftfree place until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nFor the topping: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the squash with 12 tablespoon of the olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Roast until just tender, about 10 minutes.nIn a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the sage, rosemary, red pepper flakes and garlic. Heat for 1 to 2 minutes, just to infuse the oil.nSprinkle cornmeal or flour on a 14inch pizza pan and set aside.nLiberally flour a clean work surface. Place the dough on top and use your hands to stretch it out into a 14inch circle. Carefully lay the dough on the pizza pan. Brush the infused oil onto the dough. Top with the mozzarella and the roasted squash, leaving a 1inch border around the edge. Bake the pizza until the crust is golden brown, 14 to 18 minutes. Carefully sprinkle the goat cheese evenly on top.nToss the arugula with the 2 teaspoons olive oil, lemon zest and juice and a pinch of salt and black pepper. Top the pizza with the arugula, then cut into slices to serve., ingredients: [2 cups bread flour or allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, Cornmeal, for dusting, optional, One 2pound butternut squash, peeled, halved, seeded and cut into 14inch slices, 2 12 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons torn fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large garlic clove, smashed, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 4 ounces goat cheese, coarsely crumbled, 3 cups baby arugula, Zest of 1 lemon plus juice of 12 lemon], title: Butternut Squash and Arugula Pizza, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 32286: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Put the oil in a large pot with the onion and garlic. Saute over high heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the onion and garlic are soft, then add the coriander, cumin, curry powder and thyme. Mix until the spices start to stick to the pot, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mango and mix until the spices loosen from the bottom of the pot, then add the tamarind juice and coconut milk. Lower the heat to mediumhigh and cook about 5 to 10 minutes, then add the salt and pepper and turn the heat down to medium. Cook for about 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. When the sauce has reduced by 25 percent, itu00bfs ready transfer it to a bowl and set it aside.nFor the marinade: Place all of the ingredients, except for the oil, in a food processor. With the processor running, add the oil slowly until the mixture forms a paste. Transfer the marinade to a large bowl. Cut the mahi mahi into 6inch portions and then rub each piece of fish with marinade until well coated. Take a banana leaf and lay it flat, then wipe it with a wet, warm towel. Lay a piece of fish on top of the leaf and fold the leaf over it. Repeat with the remaining leaves and fish. Chill the wrapped fish pieces in the refrigerator for 2 hours, then steam them in a steamer until the fish and juices turn white, 10 to 15 minutes. Cut each piece in half, leaving it in the leaf, and pour the sauce over each serving. Serve with rice or any other starch., ingredients: [14 cup olivecanola oil blend, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 5 to 6 cloves of garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 cups diced ripe mango, 2 12 cups tamarind juice, squeezed from tamarind pulp, One 14ounce can coconut milk, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons crushed fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 jalapenos, chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups blended olive oil, 4 pounds fresh mahi mahi, 8 banana leaves], title: Banana LeafWrapped Island Spice Mahi Mahi with Tamarind Mango Coconut Sauce, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 32287: {instructions: In a shaker half filled with ice, add Tanqueray London Dry Gin and lime juicenStir well and strain into cocktail glassnGarnish with lime twist, ingredients: [1.25 oz. Tanqueray London Dry Gin, 1 oz. lime juice, 1 twist lime], title: Gimlet, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 32288: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, confectioners sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Drizzle in 2 tablespoons cold water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap use the plastic to help form the dough into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months thaw at room temperature.nRoll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom fold in the overhanging dough and press against the side of the pan. Chill at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the crust with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the crust is golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the filling: Put the chocolate in a medium bowl set aside. Bring the halfandhalf to a bare simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat do not boil. Whisk the egg yolks, granulated sugar, vanilla and salt in a separate medium bowl. Gradually whisk the hot halfandhalf into the egg mixture, then pour the mixture into the saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring, until thick, about 1 minute. Pour over the chocolate and let sit, undisturbed, 5 minutes. Add the butter and whisk until smooth. Pour the filling into the prepared crust and smooth into an even layer. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, butter and rum in a small bowl. Drizzle over the tart. Let sit 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 cup halfandhalf, 3 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon dark rum, Kahlua or espresso], title: Chocolate Tart with Rum Glaze, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 32289: {instructions: Place a 9 x 13 metal baking pan in the freezer for 2 hours to prechill. Dissolve honey in water in a saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat and allow to cool completely. Combine honey mixture and wine in baking pan and return it to the freezer. Freeze, stirring and scraping frozen parts every 30 minutes to create ice crystals. You want a slushy, snow cone texture, not a solid freeze. Spoon into dessert cups., ingredients: [1 cup honey, 1 cup water, 1 bottle red wine], title: Red Wine Granita, picturelink: null}, 32290: {instructions: Wash apples thoroughly and cut into quarters. Remove seeds and core. Place apples in a steamer basket and set in a pot containing less than an inch of water which is boiling. Cover and steam the apples for 10 to 15 minutes or until very tender. Add more hot water to pot if necessary during the steaming process. Check apples for proper tenderness with a fork. Remove pot from heat and allow apples and cooking liquid to cool completely.nPeel cooled apples with a knife and puree in a food processor or pass apples with skins through a food mill to puree and remove skins. Stir in reserved cooking liquid to adjust consistency., ingredients: [6 Golden Delicious apples], title: Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 32291: {instructions: Beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, and strawberry jam together. Spoon cream cheese filling into shortbread crusts and top with diced strawberries. Top with pink sanding sugar or warmed strawberry jam, if using, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup cream cheese, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 tablespoon strawberry jam, plus additional for serving, optional, 12 mini shortbread crusts, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and diced, Pink sanding sugar, optional], title: Mini Strawberry Cheesecake Bites, picturelink: null}, 32292: {instructions: Make the herb butter: Pulse the butter and herbs in a food processor until well combined. Form into a log on a sheet of parchment paper, wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes.nPrepare the seafood boil: Combine the salt, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, peppercorns, bay leaves, red pepper flakes, thyme, onions, celery, tomatoes, lemons and garlic in a large deep pot add 6 quarts water. Cover and bring to a boil uncover and cook 10 minutes. Add the wine and potatoes and return to a simmer cook until the potatoes are just tender, about 20 minutes. Add the corn and boil until tender, about 8 more minutes.nMeanwhile, cut each lobster in half with a chefs knife, starting at the cross mark on the back of the head the lobster may continue to move for a minute. Remove the green tomalley and roe, if desired.nRemove the corn and potatoes from the pot using a slotted spoon and transfer to a platter its OK if you remove some of the broth ingredients, too cover with foil to keep warm. Add the lobsters to the pot and cook until the shells turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mussels, pushing them down into the broth. Cover and cook, stirring once or twice, until the mussels open, about 5 minutes. Transfer the lobsters and mussels to a platter. Discard any mussels that do not open.nStrain the broth through a finemesh sieve into a small saucepan. Slice the herb butter. Pour the broth into bowls add the vegetables, seafood and some of the herb butter.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups mixed fresh herbs such as basil, parsley, tarragon and chives, 13 cup coarse salt preferably sea salt, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 4 bay leaves, 1 to 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 large white onions, halved do not peel, 6 stalks celery, cut into large pieces, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 2 lemons, halved, 4 heads garlic, halved crosswise do not peel, 2 cups dry white wine, 3 pounds small redskinned potatoes, 6 ears of corn, husked and halved, 3 live lobsters about 1 12 pounds each, 3 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded], title: Seafood Boil with Lobsters and Mussels, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 32293: {instructions: Special equipment: 30 8inch bamboo skewersnSoak bamboo skewers in water for 1 hour to keep from burning later.nMix all marinade ingredients together in a nonreactive container large enough to hold all of the chicken. Cut chicken into 12inch strips and submerge them in the marinade, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nThread 1 chicken strip on each skewer towards end of the stick, and line up on a sheet pan. Place in oven and bake for about 30 minutes, or until fully cooked through. Sprinkle with sesame seeds before serving. Serve by sticking skewers straight out of the side of a cantaloupe half filled with melon balls, if desired., ingredients: [15 ounces teriyaki sauce no more than 2 grams sugar per serving, 6 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 1 cantaloupe half filled with melon balls, optional], title: Teriyaki Sesame Chicken Skewers, picturelink: null}, 32294: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray the inside of 5 16ounce cranberry cans or similar with cooking spray.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine muffin mix, juice, cranberries save the remaining contents from the other 3 cans for pancakes, coconut, vanilla, cinnamon, and egg. Stir to combine. Divide batter among the prepared cans and place cans on a baking sheet. Bake in oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until tester comes out clean., ingredients: [2 17 12ounce boxes blueberry muffin mix recommended: Krusteaz, 2 cups white cranberry juice, 2 16ounce cans whole cranberries, drained and rinsed recommended: Ocean Spray, 2 12 cups shredded coconut, toasted, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 egg], title: Vanilla Cranberry Can Cakes, picturelink: ka9ToX4IKchoOEUyDJlIKPvXxBmNrC}, 32295: {instructions: Trim the spareribs, if necessary, and rub both sides of the ribs with the dry rub, working it into the meat. Put the ribs in a shallow glass or ceramic dish, cover, and set aside at room temperature for no longer than 30 minutes, or refrigerate for up to 24 hours. Alternatively, enclose the ribs in a sealable plastic bag and refrigerate.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill, arranging the coals for indirect cooking. Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable cooking spray. The coals should be hot.nSet the ribs, meat side down, over the hottest part of the fire and sear for about 10 minutes until there are defined grill marks on the meat. Transfer the ribs to the cooler part of the grill, cover, and turning the ribs every 15 to 20 minutes, cook for about 1 12 hours. If using a charcoal grill, add fresh coals to maintain the heat at medium if using a gas grill, turn the heat to medium on the burner away from the meat  turn off the burner under the meat. Cut the ribs between the bones and serve with sauce on the side.nMix the ingredients together in a glass jar or bowl. Cover and shake to mix. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [5 to 6 pounds spareribs two 2 12 to 3pound racks, 12 cup Peppery Dry Rub, recipe follows, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: WesternStyle Grilled Spareribs, picturelink: null}, 32296: {instructions: MIX together sweetened condensed milk and lemon juice in large bowl until blended. Stir in berries. Fold in whipped topping. Spoon into crust.nFREEZE 5 hours or until set. Let stand 30 to 40 minutes before serving. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 to 2 cups assorted fresh berries raspberries, blueberries or blackberries, 1 8 oz. container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 6 oz. Keebler Ready Crust Graham Pie Crust], title: Berry Berry Cool Pie, picturelink: null}, 32297: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks note: Brisket should be prepared through the brining stage, but not cooked.nPlace the corned beef, pepper, allspice, bay leaves and salt into a large 8quart pot along with 3quarts of water. Cover and set over high heat. Bring to a boil, decrease the heat to low and cook, at a low simmer for 2 12 hours.nAfter 2 12 hours add the carrots, onions, potatoes and celery. Return to a simmer and cook uncovered for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, add the cabbage and cook for an additional 15 to 20 minutes until the potatoes and cabbage are tender. Remove the bay leaves and serve immediately.nPlace the water into a large 6 to 8 quart stockpot along with salt, sugar, saltpeter, cinnamon stick, mustard seeds, peppercorns, cloves, allspice, juniper berries, bay leaves and ginger. Cook over high heat until the salt and sugar have dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the ice. Stir until the ice has melted. If necessary, place the brine into the refrigerator until it reaches a temperature of 45 degrees F. Once it has cooled, place the brisket in a 2gallon zip top bag and add the brine. Seal and lay flat inside a container, cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 days. Check daily to make sure the beef is completely submerged and stir the brine.nAfter 10 days, remove from the brine and rinse well under cool water. Place the brisket into a pot just large enough to hold the meat, add the onion, carrot and celery and cover with water by 1inch. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and gently simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Remove from the pot and thinly slice across the grain.nYield: 6 to 8 servingsnPrep Time: 20 minutesnCook Time: approximately 3 hoursnInactive Prep Time: 10 days, ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pound CornedBeef Brisket, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 pound diced carrots, approximately 4 small, 12 pound diced onions, approximately 2 small, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and chopped, approximately 3 medium, 14 pound diced celery, approximately 2 stalks, 1 small head cabbage, chopped, approximately 2 pounds, 2 quarts water, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons saltpeter, 1 cinnamon stick, broken into several pieces, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 8 whole cloves, 8 whole allspice berries, 12 whole juniper berries, 2 bay leaves, crumbled, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 pounds ice, 1 4 to 5 pound beef brisket, trimmed, 1 small onion, quartered, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: qYCxCzybYW38ul9Ok3t7k3YGfIdrvu}, 32298: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add butter, melt and add peaches then season them with cinnamon. Turn up heat to mediumhigh and cook peaches 3 minutes then add sugar and melt into the butter and peaches. Pull pan off stove, add whiskey, return pan to stove and tip skillet to set pan aflame, or set aflame with a kitchen match. When the flame dies out, scoop some ice cream into dishes, top with peaches and whipped cream and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 4 medium ripe peaches, sliced, Pinch ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 shots whiskey, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 1 canister whipped cream], title: FiredUp Peaches and Cream, picturelink: null}, 32299: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Cut up butter into small pieces, and place in cast iron Dutch oven or skillet without the lid on. Place Dutch oven in hot oven. Prepare batter in a blender by placing eggs in and blending until foamy. Add milk, flour, salt and vanilla and blend until combined. When butter has fully melted in skillet, carefully remove hot Dutch oven from oven and swirl butter to coat pan. Quickly pour batter in skillet and place back in hot oven. Bake for about 25 minutes, or until puffed and lightly browned. Remove from oven and cut into wedges and place on serving plates. Cut tablespoon pats of butter, and place a pat on each serving. Cut lemon in half, and squeeze juice over wedges and sprinkle liberally with powdered sugar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 34 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla, Butter, 1 lemon, Powdered sugar], title: Dutch Baby, picturelink: null}, 32300: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil to a skillet over low heat. Stir in the garlic and onions. Cook 1 minute. Add the rice, stirring to coat with oil, about 2 minutes. When the rice has taken on a pale golden color, pour in the white wine, stirring constantly until the wine is fully absorbed, and then add a dash of salt. Add 12 cup broth to the rice, and stir until the broth is absorbed. Continue adding the broth 12 cup at a time, stirring continuously, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente, 15 to 17 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and mascarpone. Finish with the black truffle oil, salt and pepper to taste.nIn a frying pan, add 14 cup vanillainfused olive oil, the 2 whole garlic cloves and the thyme and heat for 1 to 2 minutes over medium heat. Place the lobster tails in the pan fleshside down and sear until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip over and spoon some infused oil onto the lobster tails. Place the pan into the oven and cook for 2 minutes.nOnce cooked, remove the lobster tails from the pan and place the pan back on the stovetop. On low heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon vanillainfused olive oil and diced tomatoes. Remove the seeds from the vanilla bean and mix the seeds into the tomato and oil mixture.nTake the shrimp and remove the tails. Once the tails are removed, add them into the pan for 3 to 4 minutes, turning occasionally until cooked.nSpoon the risotto onto plates and place the lobster tails onto the risotto. Place the shrimp on the risotto and spoon the tomato mixture on top of the risotto. Once plated, cut the lime in half and serve with half a lime on each plate. Drizzle more vanillainfused olive oil on and around each plate and serve., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, plus 2 whole cloves, 12 white onion, diced, 1 18 cup Arborio rice, 14 cup sauvignon blanc or other white wine, Salt, 2 cups chicken broth, Black truffle oil, for drizzling, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons mascarpone, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon vanillainfused olive oil, plus more for serving, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 lobster tails, split, 1 tomato, diced, 1 vanilla bean, 10 jumbo shrimp, 2 limes], title: Lobster and Prawn Risotto, picturelink: Ks4bsSMvObh1T2QFa82kIs8keTrgYJy}, 32301: {instructions: Put the white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nWhisk the eggs, vegetable oil and food coloring in a large bowl whisk in the granulated sugar and melted white chocolate until smooth. Stir the flour mixture into the egg mixture with a wooden spoon until combined. Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap and pat into a rectangle tightly wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Put the confectioners sugar in a bowl. Roll tablespoonfuls of dough into balls toss the balls in the confectioners sugar to coat. Slightly flatten the balls, then dip again in the confectioners sugar. Arrange the cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are puffed and firm, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 ounces white chocolate, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons red food coloring, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Red Velvet Crackle Cookies, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 32302: {instructions: Place 3 scoops of the ice cream in each of 2 bowls. Pour the espresso over the ice cream and serve immediately.nNote: To make espresso for this recipe in your electric drip coffee maker, use 13 cup of ground espresso and enough water for 4 cups of coffee., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 12 cup hot brewed espresso], title: Affogato, picturelink: null}, 32303: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Beat the egg with the water and set aside.nCut the kielbasa into 8 3inch long pieces and set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface roll the pastry sheets into 12 by 12inch squares. Cut the sheets into 8 equal squares. Brush 1 square with water around the edges and wrap a sausage up in the pastry. First fold the 2 long sides over the sausage, then fold the ends up and over. Press edges firmly to seal. Place seam side down on a parchmentlined sheet pan.nBrush the tops and sides of the packages with egg wash and bake until browned and shinny, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool for 20 minutes, before serving. They can be served warm or at room temperature with assorted mustards.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon water, plus more for brushing, 1 12 kielbasa sausage, 1 12 rings, Flour, for rolling pastry, 2 sheets prepared puff pastry, Assorted mustards for serving], title: Saucisson En Croute, picturelink: I5mHtgVvS1Tl8CxKTwA20O27qq4SfW}, 32304: {instructions: Prep the burgers: Combine the salt, paprika, pepper and granulated garlic in a small bowl. Form 6 turkey patties and sprinkle on both sides with the seasoning mixture.nMake the glaze: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic and jalapenos and saute until the onion is translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the marmalade, mustard, black pepper and chili powder and cook about 2 minutes, until fully combined. Reserve until ready to use.nPreheat a grill to high. Grill the patties until nice markings are shown, about 5 minutes per side, then reduce the flame to medium and cook until well done, 12 more minutes, flipping after 5 minutes. At the same time, toast the buns on the grill.nServe the burgers on the buns top with the glaze, lettuce, tomato and red onion. Serve with pickles.nPhotograph by Jennifer Causey, ingredients: [1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground paprika, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 3 pounds ground turkey white and dark meat, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup diced jalapeno peppers, with seeds, 1 9ounce jar orange marmalade with peel, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon chili powder, 6 hamburger buns or kaiser rolls, Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato and sliced red onion, for topping, Kosher pickles, for serving], title: Turkey Burgers With Orange Mustard Glaze, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 32305: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Break the cauliflower into florets and pulse in a food processor until fine. Line a steamer basket with a kitchen towel not terrycloth set in a saucepan with 2 inches simmering water. Add the cauliflower, cover and cook 5 minutes. Drain well, then wring dry in the towel to get out all the moisture. Let cool.nIn a bowl, combine the cauliflower with 12 cup mozzarella, the parmesan, oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, the garlic powder and eggs. Transfer to the center of the baking sheet and spread into a 10inch circle to make a pizza crust. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes.nSpread the marinara sauce on the crust top with bell peppers and onion and sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup mozzarella. Return to the oven and bake an additional 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, stem removed, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup marinara sauce, Sliced bell peppers and onion, for topping], title: Pizza with Cauliflower Crust, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 32306: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nLine a baking sheet with waxed or parchment paper. In a mixer, cream the butter. Add the granulated sugar and beat until fluffy. Add the eggs, milk, and extracts and mix to combine. In a large bowl, combine the flours, baking powder, and salt and mix well. Add the dry ingredients to the sugaregg mixture and mix to blend. Using an icecream scoop, scoop the dough onto the prepared pans. With a spatula, press and spread each cookie into a circle about 5 inches in diameter and about 38inch thickness. Bake for about 20 minutes, until golden. Let cool on wire racks.nIcing: In a medium bowl, stir the sugar, milk, and vanilla together until it forms a smooth icing. Transfer half of the icing to another bowl and stir in the cocoa powder and milk until smooth.nWhen cool, turn cookies over, so the flat side faces up. Spread white icing on half of each flat surface, then spread the other half with chocolate icing. Let set at room temperature for 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 12 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon pure lemon extract, 1 14 cups cake flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, Vanilla and chocolate icing, recipes follows, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Chocolate Icing:, 12 vanilla icing recipe, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons milk], title: BlackandWhites, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 32307: {instructions: 1. Using paper towels, pat chicken dry. Season chicken with Adobo. Heat oil in caldero, or large heavy pot over medium heat. Cook chicken, in batches, until brown on all sides, 710 minutes set aside.n2. Stir onions, peppers and garlic into pot cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add rice, Bouillon and Sazon to pot cook, stirring constantly, until rice is completely coated in oil mixture, about 1 minute.n3. Stir in 3 cups water bring to a boil. Add Alcaparrado and chicken skinside up to pot. Cover pot, reduce heat to low and simmer until water is absorbed, rice is tender and chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes.n4. To serve, using fork, fluff rice garnish with pimiento strips and peas., ingredients: [1 chicken 3 12  4 lbs., cut into 8 pieces, u00ae Adobo with Pepper, to taste, 3 tbsp., Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped about 1 cup, 34 green bell pepper, finely chopped about 34 cup, 1 12 tsp., Minced Garlic or 3 cloves fresh garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups CANILLA Extra Long Grain Rice, 1 packet, Powdered Chicken Bouillon, 1 packet Sazu00f3n, 14 cup, 1 jar 4 oz., 12 cup], title: Arroz con Pollo  Chicken and Rice, picturelink: NXen4w9jXwE4PT3lqmjkYhO7d.wRrtS}, 32308: {instructions: Whisk peanut butter, soy, cayenne, oil and sesame oil. Add noodles and toss to coat. Sprinkle noodles with sesame and scallion to garnish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut butter, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 13 pound thin spaghetti, cooked to al dente, drained and cooled, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 scallion, chopped], title: Sesame Noodles, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 32309: {instructions: For each drink, pour 23 cup Lillet Blanc or dry vermouth into a wine glass with ice. Add 2 dashes orange bitters. Top with sparkling wine or seltzer and garnish with a slice of orange.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Lillet Cocktails, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 32310: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the Tomatillo Salsa into a food processor or a blender. Add the poblano chiles, lettuce leaves, cilantro, scallions, garlic, water, and salt and process until liquefied. If using a blender, work in batches. Set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Saute the rice, stirring constantly, until golden and crackling, about 5 minutes. Pour in the reserved green puree and stir to combine. Transfer to a 4quart baking dish or casserole. Cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Stir with a fork and serve hot.nPlace the tomatillos, jalapenos, and water in a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree just until chunky. Then add the remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days., ingredients: [1 recipe Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 6 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled and seeded, 5 romaine lettuce leaves, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 4 scallions, white and green parts, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup cold water, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups longgrain rice, rinsed See Cooks Note, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed, and cut into quarters, 2 to 4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired, and roughly chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in 12, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Green Rice, picturelink: null}, 32311: {instructions: Melt butter, sugar and rum in a small saucepan. Grill pineapple on both sides until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Spoon rum glaze over grilled pineapple.nWhisk together mascarpone and vanilla seeds. Top each slice of pineapple with a dollop of vanilla mascarpone. Garnish with a few fresh blueberries., ingredients: [6 ounce unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 1 ripe pineapple, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 9 ounces mascarpone, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 12 cup fresh blueberries], title: Rum Buttered Glazed Grilled Pineapple with Vanilla Scented Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 32312: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the beans in a large bowl and cover them with cold water. Set them aside and let them soak for 5 to 6 hours or overnight.nDrain and rinse the beans, and then place them in a large pot. Add the garlic, green, orange and red bell peppers and the onions. Cover them with about an inch of water, and then add the ham hock or bacon. Next add the chili powder, cumin, salt and pepper. Stir to combine, and then bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the beans until tender, about 2 hours. Check the liquid level about halfway through the cooking process if youd prefer the beans to be less soupy, you can ladle off about a third of the cooking liquid., ingredients: [2 pounds dried pinto beans, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced, 2 orange bell peppers, seeded and diced, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 ham hock or 6 slices thickcut bacon, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Fiesta Beans, picturelink: 0zRAjLQY69GUKTNnrS8nRaKIjt9ZT6}, 32313: {instructions: Trim, wash and dry the spinach thoroughly and place in a salad bowl.nCoat a saute pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil and put over medium heat. Fry the prosciutto and garlic for a minute to flavor the oil, and then add the mushrooms and onions. Saute the mushrooms and onions until they are slightly brown and tender, about 3 minutes.nScrape the mixture on top of the spinach, return the pan to the stove. Add balsamic vinegar and scrape up the bits at the bottom of the pan. Add remaining oil and honey. Swirl pan around for a minute to warm the vinaigrette.nPour the vinaigrette over the salad, top with Gorgonzola. Season with salt and pepper, toss, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound baby spinach leaves, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 14 pound prosciutto, cut in strips, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 portobello mushroom cap, sliced, 12 red onion, cut in rings, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 ounces Gorgonzola, Salt and pepper], title: Wilted Spinach Salad with BalsamicHoney Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32314: {instructions: Place the vegoladas in a colander and then into a 6quart stock pot. Add enough water to cover the greens. Boil the greens 15 to 20 minutes or until tender.nRemove the colander and drain. Let stand periodically pushing on greens with a paper towel to extract the water. Set aside.nHeat lard in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Saute onion and red peppers until onions are translucent. Add garlic and tomatoes. Saute for about 30 seconds and add the well drained vegoladas. Toss until vergoladas are hot and mixed well., ingredients: [1 to 2 pounds vegoladas, fresh and well rinsed, 1 tablespoon lard or oil, 12 yellow onion, diced, 2 dried hot red chile peppers, whole, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, diced, 14 cup canned or fresh tomato, chopped], title: Vegoladas: Wild Greens, picturelink: null}, 32315: {instructions: In the pitcher of a blender, add the almond milk, almond butter, chia seeds, cocoa powder if using, honey, ice cubes and banana slices, and blend until smooth. Garnish with the sliced almonds to serve., ingredients: [1 cup almond milk or yogurt, 3 tablespoons almond butter, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, optional, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 to 6 ice cubes, 1 banana, cut into 1inch pieces and frozen, 1 tablespoon sliced almonds], title: Chocolate Almond Smoothie, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 32316: {instructions: Place a medium heavybottom pot over mediumhigh heat with the oil. Add the carrots, ginger and garlic to the pot and cook, stirring frequently, until the ginger and garlic are aromatic, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring the liquid up to a bubble.nOnce the broth is boiling, reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the potstickers. Simmer them, stirring gently, until heated through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce.nServe the soup garnished with scallions and chow mein noodles., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil, 2 medium carrots, peeled and sliced, 1 2inch knob ginger, peeled and cut into thin sticks, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 6 cups chicken broth, 1pound bag frozen potstickers 18 to 20 pieces, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, or to taste, 2 to 3 scallions, thinly sliced, to garnish, Handful chow mein noodles, to garnish], title: CarrotGinger Wonton Soup, picturelink: null}, 32317: {instructions: Position rack in lower 13 of oven and preheat to 375 degrees. Melt butter in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the mushrooms, onions, garlic, and shallots together. Stir in seasonings and cook 2 minutes until liquid is evaporated. Let cool 5 minutes. In a medium bowl combine eggs with milk or cream and beat well. Stir in mushroom mixture and pour into pie crust. Bake until filling is puffed, set and starting to brownabout 35 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds mushrooms, sliced, 3 green onions, minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 shallots, minced, 1 34 teaspoons oregano, 1 34 teaspoons basil, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon marjoram, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 4 eggs, 34 cup skim or whole milk, or halfandhalf, 1 unbaked 9inch pie crust], title: Barbara Bushs Mushroom Quiche, picturelink: null}, 32318: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 1 hournPut the bacon in a castiron skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon is crisp and the fat is rendered.nWhen the bacon is just about done, heat the canola oil in a nonreactive skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes and salt and pepper and cook, stirring, just until slightly softened. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to the skillet with the tomatoes and add the cilantro, vinegar, thyme and green onions. Cook, stirring, until heated through, about 5 minutes. Set aside keep warm.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling.nBrush the shrimp with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Using two skewers at a time, thread four shrimp on the skewers near the tail and head endsthis makes it easier to flip the shrimp on the grill. Grill until slightly charred and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side.nRemove the shrimp from the skewers and top with the warm vinaigrette., ingredients: [8 ounces slab bacon, rind removed, cut into large dice, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing, 6 plum tomatoes, cored and diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 green onions, green and pale green parts, thinly sliced, 16 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, heads off], title: Grilled Shrimp with Bacon, Tomato and Scallion Vinaigrette, picturelink: 9pVPHLtwVW2pbMiRXaDP8beAwO.f5q}, 32319: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray cookie sheet with cooking spray.nIn medium bowl, mix chicken and 12 cup of the enchilada sauce.nUnroll dough place on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 14x10inch rectangle cut into 4 7x5inch rectangles. Spoon about 13 cup chicken mixture onto half of each rectangle, spreading to within 12 inch of edge. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cheese over each.nFold dough in half over filling press edges firmly with fork to seal. Prick tops with fork.nBake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.nMeanwhile, heat remaining enchilada sauce until hot. Serve with foldovers for dipping.nAnother spicy cheese you can use is Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeno peppers or, as its also known, pepper Jack cheese., ingredients: [1 12cups shredded cooked chicken, 1 can 10 ounce Old El Pasou00ae red enchilada sauce, 1 can Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated classic pizza crust, 12 cup shredded tacoseasoned cheese blend or Cheddar cheese 2 ounce], title: Chicken Enchilada Foldovers, picturelink: null}, 32320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the pork belly in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until it fork tender, 1 hour 30 minutes.nPlace the pork in a strainer and drain to remove all of the water, 30 minutes.nAdd the oil to a deep fryer or Dutch oven and heat to mediumhigh heat. Fry the pork until golden brown, 30 to 45 minutes. The thicker the slab of belly, the longer it will take to fry. Transfer to a paper towellined plate.nChop the pork belly into 1centimetersquare pieces. Toss the pork belly, onions, tomatoes, fish sauce and Hawaiian salt in a medium mixing bowl. Garnish with green onions., ingredients: [2 pounds pork belly, cut into 6inch squares, 1 gallon vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup diced onions, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 12 teaspoon Hawaiian salt, 2 tablespoons chopped green onions, for garnish], title: Lechon Special, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 32321: {instructions: In a large saute pan, melt 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the cumin, caraway and coriander seeds toasting them slightly for 30 seconds. Do not let them turn dark brown.nImmediately add the cabbage. Toss to coat with the butter and spices. Season with salt, white pepper. Cook over medium heat, stirring from time to time, 10 to 15 minutes. Taste, for seasoning.nAdd the fresh ginger, dry ginger, tomatoes, and poblano pepper and stir to blend. Taste for seasoning and cook for 5 to 8 minutes or until the cabbage is tender.nLower the heat and add the cilantro. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Remove from the heat and keep warm while cooking the pork chops. Note: I find the cabbage tastes even better the next day when all of the flavors have had time to meld together.nHeat a skillet large enough to hold the pork chops in a single layer. Season each chop on both sides with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with paprika. Pour oil in the skillet. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, remove the pan from the heat and gently arrange the pork chops in a single layer. Immediately return the skillet to the heat and brown on the first side, 2 to 3 minutes. Use a pair of tongs or a spatula to turn the chops on their second side. Brown about 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Turn the chops back to the first side and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Season them again, lightly, with salt and pepper.nHeat the cabbage, stir in the apple slices and add the red wine vinegar. Arrange cabbage on the bottom of a serving platter. Remove the pork chops and place them on top of the cabbage., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 2 teaspoons crushed coriander seeds, 2 small heads savoy cabbage, cored, leaves cleaned of ribs and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 teaspoons freshly ground white pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 knobs fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 1 teaspoon dry ginger, 1 small can whole, peeled tomatoes, 1 poblano pepper, washed, cored and seeded, cut into thin slices, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 5 pork loin chops boneon, about 1 12 inches thick, 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 green apples, washed, cored, halved and cut into 12inch thick slices, 1 to 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar], title: Stovetop Pork Chops with Cabbage and Apples, picturelink: pO0RRxyIk.Z7jBWsEjRV9dSYS9vA7qS}, 32322: {instructions: For the shrimp: In a large saucepan, combine 2 12 quarts water with the salt, red pepper flakes, black peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, lime and parsley. Stir to combine and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and allow the liquid to cool for a few minutes dropping shrimp in hot, but not boiling, water yields more tender shrimp. Prepare and clean the shrimp by running a small, sharp knife down the length of the shrimps and removing the dark vein. Add the shrimp to the poaching liquid and allow them to sit and steep in the liquid, off the heat. Cooking the shrimp in the shell yields more flavor. Leave for about 5 minutes until they are cooked through and completely pink. Use a slotted spoon, or spider, and remove the shrimp and drain well. Refrigerate until cool, and then peel and discard the shells before serving with the salad.nFor the dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, basil, parsley, green onions, lemon juice, anchovy paste and garlic in a food processor and puree. Thin with water as required, using only 2 tablespoons at a time. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Wash the lettuces and roughly chop the romaine hearts. Tear the Bibb lettuce leaves into bitesize pieces. Cut the cucumber lengthwise down the middle, and then slice in 14inch slices on the bias. Toss the salad ingredients together with the shaved red onion, pepperoncinis, green onions, bell peppers and cucumber. Top with the shrimp. Dress lightly with the dressing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 5 to 6 black peppercorns, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, peeled and bashed, 2 bay leaves, 1 lime, cut into slices, 1 small bunch fresh parsley, 2 pounds shrimp U16 or U20 size, in the shells, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped green onions, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 1 small clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 heads romaine, 1 head Bibb lettuce, 1 hothouse cucumber, 12 cup shaved red onion, 12 cup drained and sliced pepperoncinis, 12 cup chopped green onions, 1 orange bell pepper, julienned], title: Salad of the Goddesses with Poached Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 32323: {instructions: Warm the coconut oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add a pinch of salt and the garlic and cook for another 3 minutes. Stir in the curry powder and peas and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Place the pea mixture in a food processor with the yogurt and 14 cup water and puree until smooth, adding more salt to taste. To serve, transfer the dip to a bowl, top with a spoonful of yogurt and stir a few times to create a swirl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin coconut oil, 1 onion, diced, Sea salt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons mild curry powder, 2 cups frozen peas, defrosted, 14 cup thick yogurt or coconut yogurt, plus more for serving], title: Curried Pea Dip, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 32324: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nCream the softened butter and add the sugar in a stream. Continue beating until the buttersugar whitens. Beat in the zest and rum, then the egg whites, one at a time, beating smooth between each addition. Mix the almonds and flour together and stir them into the batter by hand.nPipe the batter on paper lined pans in 1inch mounds using a 12inch plain tube. Bake the cookies for 12 to 15 minutes.nFor the glaze: Bring the preserves and the Kirsch to a boil in a small pan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened. Apply glaze while it is still very hot.nCool the cookies on the paper and sandwich them with raspberry glaze after they have cooled., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 12 cup sugar, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 2 egg whites, 1 cup ground almonds, 6 tablespoons flour, 23 cup seedless raspberry preserves, 1 tablespoon Kirsch], title: Almond Butter Disks, picturelink: null}, 32325: {instructions: Special equipment: an 11by17inch baking sheetnPut 1 12 cups warm water about 110 degrees F and the sugar in a large bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over the top, and set aside until bubbly, 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together both flours and the kosher salt in a medium bowl.nOnce the yeast is ready, add the oil to the bowl, then the flour mixture, and stir with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms. Transfer to a work surface dusted with allpurpose flour, and knead the dough until it is smooth, elastic and slightly tacky, about 5 minutes.nLightly oil the bowl that held the flour mixture, put the ball of dough in it, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nGenerously oil an 11by17inch baking sheet. Punch the dough down, and transfer it to the baking sheet. Gently stretch and pat the dough to the edges of the baking sheet with your hands it will recede slightly from the edges. If the dough is resistant, let it rest for about 10 minutes, then try again. Dimple the dough all over with your fingers. Loosely cover, and let rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. When the dough is ready, uncover, generously drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with sea salt. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a cooling rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, ingredients: [1 teaspoon sugar, One 14ounce packet dry active yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting and kneading, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the bowl and baking sheet and for drizzling, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Kids Can Bake: Focaccia Bread, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 32326: {instructions: To make the ice cream, scald halfandhalf with vanilla beans. Combine eggs and sugar. Temper with halfandhalf mixture. Continue to cook at low heat until the mixture coats the back of spoon. Process the ice cream in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions. Fold in the roasted bananas and keep chilled.nTo make the ginger molasses cookies, combine the dry ingredients. Cream together butter and sugar. Add dry ingredients, then wet. Finish by adding spices. Be careful not to over mix.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nForm in 1inch balls and placed on greased cookie sheet 2 inches apart. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes.nTo make the chocolate sauce, prepare an ice bath, strainer, and container. Combine yolks in a bowl. Bring the milk, cream, sugar, chocolate, and vanilla bean to a boil. Temper the egg yolks and return to low heat, stirring constantly until thickened. Strain into a container placed in an ice bath.nTo serve, spoon desired amount of ice cream on top of a cookie and sandwich. Drizzle with chocolate sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 quarts halfandhalf, 2 vanilla beans, 48 egg yolks, 1 34 pounds granulated sugar, 2 bananas, roasted, 2 12 cupS allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 7 ounces unsalted butter, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup dark molasses, 2 tablespoons cold coffee, 1 tablespoon powdered ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups pasteurized yolks, 6 cups whole milk, 2 cups hreavy cream, 1 12 cups sugar, 8 ounces milk chocolate, 1 vanilla bean], title: Ginger Molasses Cookie Sandwich with Roasted Banana Ice Cream, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 32327: {instructions: For the dough, combine dry ingredients in bowl of food processor and pulse several times to mix. Cut butter into 8 pieces and distribute evenly over dry ingredients in work bowl. Pulse until very finely powdered. Add eggs and continue to pulse until dough forms a ball that revolves on blade. Remove dough, press into a disk, wrap and chill.nFor the filling, place ricotta in work bowl of food processor and pulse to puree smoothly. Transfer ricotta to a mixing bowl and stir in eggs one at a time stir in remaining filling ingredients in order.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees and set a rack in the lower third divide the Pasta Frolla into 2 pieces. roll 1 of the pieces thinly to line a 12inch straight sided cake pan. Pour in filling and smooth top. Roll the remaining dough to a 12inch square and cut into 1inch strips. Whisk egg and salt together and paint dough strips with egg wash. Arrange six strips on filling. Arrange remaining strips at a 45degree angle to the first ones. Press strips at rim of pan to adhere and trim away excess dough even with top of pan.nBake the Pizza about 45 minutes, until the filling is set and the dough is baked through. Cool in the pan on a rack. To unmold, place a platter on pizza and invert, removing pan. Replace pan with another platter and invert again, removing top platter. Serve the Pizza at room temperature. Refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, 1 egg, 1 pinch salt, 2 pounds ricotta, 6 eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 13 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 1 pound mozzarella, coarsely grated, 12 pound sweet dried sausage, peeled and diced, 12 pound prosciutto, shredded, 12 cup chopped parsley], title: Pizza Rustica alla Napoletana, picturelink: null}, 32328: {instructions: Heat oven to 300 degrees F. Grease a 10inch springform pan with 1 tablespoon butter, and dust generously with granulated sugar.nMelt chocolate and butter over simmering water in a double boiler, until melted about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nIn an electric mixer fitted with whisk attachment, whip the yolks and whole egg with 23 cup sugar on a high speed, until it is pale yellow and falls in a thick ribbon when the beater is raised, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl once or twice during mixing. Set aside.nIn an electric mixer, using a second whisk attachment and bowl, both should be clean and free of grease whip the egg whites with remaining 13 cup sugar on high speed until thick and foamy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside. While the whites are beating, add the cooled melted chocolate slowly to the yolk mixture.nTemper the whipped egg whites by mixing in about 14 cup of the chocolate mixture. Then gently fold the whites into the chocolate yolk mixture, working quickly to maintain the volume of the whites the mixture will have a slightly marbleized appearance.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Place in heated oven, and bake for 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool in the pan on a cooling rack. When completely cool, gently run a knife around the edges of the pan and release spring. Dust with cocoa powder or confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [34 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, plus more for dusting pan, 6 12 ounces bestquality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 egg yolks, 1 egg, 6 egg whites, Cocoa powder or confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Chocolate Souffle Cake, picturelink: null}, 32329: {instructions: I always find the molds I use in stores that sell a lot of plastic things. You can mold chocolate in almost anything but not all molds are filled the same way. For the techniques demonstrated in this recipe, I used plastic eggs of various sizes. You can buy the ones filled with Easter candy and, if necessary, cut them in half. Keep in mind that the temperature in your kitchen will affect the speed at which the chocolate sets. Also, if you want to use a silk screen, youll need to have it made at a local art store before you begin the process. You can use storebought candies to decorate your eggs. The children will have fun with that To make the medallion, I started with a little of the same chocolate plastic that we used to make the flowers in the previous recipe. Use a rolling pin to roll out one color of chocolate plastic using cornstarch to flour the work surface. The rolled chocolate should be about 18inch thick. When using a silk screen, it will be easier if you cut the medallion after you have transferred the design to it. Melt the dark chocolate over a double boiler. Hold the silk screen over the rolled out chocolate. Use a plastic scraper with a straight edge. Apply about a teaspoon of chocolate to the scraper and gently pull the chocolate across the design. Carefully lift off the silkscreen. It will dry almost immediately. Use a paring knife Before you begin the next step, you have to decide if you would like to color the chocolate for the egg. If you do, be sure to use powdered food coloring or the chocolate will seize. Add the color slowly and sparingly until you have the desired color. Dont forget to save some melted chocolate uncolored so you can use it to finish the decoration. Place the medallion design side down inside one of the egg halves. Use a very clean and dry pastry brush to coat the inside of a mold with chocolate. The pastry brush must be clean and dry. Dip the brush in the chocolate so it permeates the bristles and brings them to the temperature of the chocolate. This tempers the brush so the chocolate will not set on the bristles while you are coating the mold. Apply a total of 3 layers of chocolate, allowing each to set almost completely before applying the next layer. These layers will make the molded chocolate thick enough to handle without breaking easily. When each layer is almost set, use a paring knife to scrape the edge of the mold clean. This will make it easier to unmold the egg. Placing the coated mold in the refrigerator will help the chocolate to harden. If the chocolate is properly tempered, you should be able to lift it from the egg mold.nUse some melted chocolate to glue the 2 halves together. If you place the pieces in the refrigerator first, the egg will set faster, as the cold chocolate will cause the chocolate glue to harden and set quickly. Make a cornet and fill it with tempered white chocolate. Use it to draw decorations on the outside of the egg. I added decorating cake gems that resembled pearls to finish my Faberge egg.nTip: It is easier to work with more chocolate than you need. A larger amount will hold its temper longer. You can allow any leftover chocolate to harden. Wrap it well and store at room temperature. You can melt it again for your next project. Work in glass bowls. Then, if needed, you can use the microwave to melt the chocolate. Variation: When I have a really large mold, I like to create the illusion of texture to lighten the overall effect. Marbleizing chocolate is a simple way to do this. Start by drizzling both white and dark chocolate in the bottom of the mold. Dip your clean, dry fingers in the bowl of tempered dark chocolate and use them to spread the chocolate over the drizzles to create a marbled effect. Dipping your fingers in chocolate coats them and adds a thin layer of chocolate to the mold, which makes it easier to create the marble pattern. When the mold is marbleized, use a ladle to add just enough dark chocolate to coat the sides completely. Empty any excess into the bowl of chocolate and invert the mold over the wire rack to drain further. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge of the mold clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate is completely set, you should be able to gently slide the shell out of the mold by pushing on one side. The mold can be placed in the refrigerator to help the chocolate to harden. If you are using a clear plastic mold, you will be able to see the chocolate is ready to be unmolded when it automatically pulls away from the sides of the mold. Sources: Team Torres LLC www.mrchocolate.com PO Box 303 New York, NY 101010303 2124894847 2124890142 fax Plastic scraper, silkscreen Beryls Cake Decorating  Pastry Supplies www.beryls.com PO Box 1584 North Springfield, VA 22151 8004882749 7037503779 fax Cocoa butter white and dark chocolate decorative cake gems, edible paints various egg molds Sur La Table Catalog Division www.surlatable.com 8002430852 Sinsation Chocolate Tempering Machine, ingredients: [Modeling chocolate see previous recipe, Bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 4 ounces, 112 grams, White chocolate, tempered, 16 ounces, 450 grams, Powdered food color], title: Faberge Eggs, picturelink: null}, 32330: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together vinegar and sugar until dissolved. Slowly whisk in oil, celery seed, salt and pepper to taste. Toss in cabbage, carrots, red onion and raisins to coat well. Cover and let sit at least 1 hour., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons celery seed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head red cabbage, cut into roughly 1 12inch chunks, 2 small carrots, grated, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 cup golden raisins], title: Red Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: JEdzsGbUSUvkkHSHo5RsRbue9Di9gS}, 32331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nApply the olive oil to the entire steak and then sprinkle the rub onto the meat. Allow the flavors to develop for 2 hours.nHeat coals on a grill. When the coals are hot, move them to one side of the grill. Sear the steak for 2 minutes on each side over the coals. Move the steak to the cool part of the grill and cook with the lid on for 20 minutes.nRest the steak for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound double New York strip steak, 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 tablespoon apricot salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon regular salt, 12 tablespoon red chili pepper flakes, 12 tablespoon coffee grounds, 12 tablespoon granulated garlic, 12 tablespoon smoked paprika], title: New York Strip Steak with Spicy Coffee Rub, picturelink: Lw31BW7p9MY5brjTAvBr2M26wGMgsfq}, 32332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a saucepan and fry the bacon until almost cooked. Add the jalapenos, onions and bell peppers and saute for 5 minutes. Add the beans, mustard, barbecue sauce, ketchup and hot sauce, and heat through., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 6 slices bacon, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 large onion, diced, 1 large green bell pepper, diced, 1 large red bell pepper, diced, 1 large yellow bell pepper, diced, Four 28ounce cans baked beans, drained, 12 cup mustard, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup ketchup, Several dashes hot sauce], title: Quick and Easy Baked Beans, picturelink: c24gWKsZeKAfcdqf1xjfUZuCmy934VG}, 32333: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, and spices and cook until the cinnamon stick unfurls and the tomatoes are cooked down, about 3 minutes. Add the squash, chickpeas, broth, lemon zest, and raisins and bring to a simmer. Cook, partially covered, until the squash is fork tender, about 25 minutes. Stir in the spinach and cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the lemon juice and season, to taste.nMeanwhile, make the couscous. Bring the broth to a boil with the salt and pepper in a small saucepan. Stir in the couscous, pull the saucepan off the heat, cover, and set aside until the water has been absorbed and the couscous is plump, about 5 minutes.nFluff the couscous with a fork and mound it in 4 soup bowls. Spoon some butternut squash stew over each portion, top with almonds, and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 canned plum tomatoes, crushed, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 small butternut squash about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 16ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 3 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned, 1inch strip lemon zest, 12 cup golden raisins, 4 cups chopped spinach about 5 ounces, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, 1 12 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup couscous], title: Spiced Butternut Squash Stew with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 32334: {instructions: Special equipment: A large cookie sheet, well greased, or lined with parchment paper or lined with nonstick baking mats, or a nonstick cookie sheet. A straight edge or rulernDough: Blend the dry ingredients in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer. Add the butter and mix at low speed until sandy. Whisk 3 of the eggs together until foamy and add to the bowl. Mix to combine. Form the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic, and refrigerate at least 2 hours.nFilling: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan, and cook over medium heat until all the liquid is absorbed by the figs and the mixture is thick. Let cool slightly, then puree in a food processor or using a hand blender until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to bake. The recipe can be made up to this point and refrigerated up to 3 days.nWhen youre ready to bake, heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make an egg wash by whisking the remaining egg with 2 teaspoons of water. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into a rough rectangle, about 18inch thick. Cut the dough lengthwise into strips, at least 2 12 inches wide. Paint around the edges of 1 strip with egg wash. Pipe or spoon the fig filling down the center of the strip and then fold the dough over to enclose the filling, slightly overlapping the long edge, like a letter. Place the tube, seam side down, on the cookie sheet, then press down lightly to flatten somewhat. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Bake until light golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Use a sharp knife to cut into 1inch segments., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 38 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 4 eggs, 1 cup dried figs, cut into 12inch chunks, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup apple juice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: 70s Fig Nortons, picturelink: null}, 32335: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the caramelized peaches:nCombine the peaches, granulated sugar, muscovado sugar and peach eau de vie in a large bowl. In a heated pan, add the butter and vanilla extract. Toss in the peaches and cook just to heat through, about 5 minutes. Toss again with the mint. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the pain perdue:nWhisk together the eggs and sugar in a large baking dish until combined. Add the cinnamon, salt, nutmeg, milk, cream and vanilla extract and whisk until smooth. Add the bread, in batches and let soak on each side for 1 to 2 minutes until soaked through. While the bread is soaking, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and 2 tablespoons of the oil on a large griddle over mediumhigh heat until butter is melted and oil begins to shimmer.nSpread the feuilletine crushed wafers in a large baking dish and dip the bread on each side in the mixture, pressing gently to adhere. Place the bread on the hot griddle and cook each side until golden brown.nTransfer to a baking sheet and bake in the oven to completely heat through, about 5 minutes. Serve 2 pieces per person, topped with a dollop of the vanilla butter and spoonfuls of the caramelized peaches. Top with maple syrup and mint and serve.nVanilla Bean Butter:nStir together the butter, vanilla bean seeds, sugar, and salt in a small bowl until combined., ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, skin removed, pitted and sliced into eighths, 2 ripe white peaches, skin removed, pitted and sliced into eighths, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light brown muscovado sugar, 3 tablespoons peach eau de vie, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon chiffonade mint leaves, 4 large eggs, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 cups whole milk, plus more if needed, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 34inch thick slices day old brioche, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cups feuilletine, crushed, Vanilla Bean Butter, to top, recipe follows, Maple syrup, to serve, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, to garnish, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 vanilla bean, halved horizontally, and seeds scraped, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch fine sea salt], title: Pain Perdue with Fresh Peaches and Vanilla Butter, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 32336: {instructions: Slice the portobellos into 12inch thick strips, then cut each strip in half crosswise. Repeat with the shiitakes, keeping the two mushrooms separate.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. When the foam starts to subside, add the portobellos and cook, tossing once or twice, about 1 minute. Add 14 teaspoon salt and a generous pinch of black pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, juicy and tender but firm, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl.nAdd 1 tablespoon of the remaining butter to the skillet, let it sizzle, then add the shiitakes and toss for about 30 seconds. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, 14 teaspoon salt and a generous pinch of black pepper, and cook, tossing occasionally, until browned and tender but still firm, 1 to 2 minutes.nReturn the portobellos to the skillet, sprinkle the flour over the mushrooms, then toss, scraping the bottom of the skillet, until the flour disappears, about 30 seconds. Stir in half the broth and all the soy sauce and mustard, scraping the bottom of the skillet until its clean, then stir in the remaining broth. Bring the mixture to a simmer, and cook until the sauce thickens slightly, about 6 minutes. Cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer 5 minutes, stirring once or twice. Stir in the goat cheese.nRemove the skillet from the heat, and stir in the sour cream and parsley. Taste and add more salt and pepper as needed. Serve the stroganoff over buttered egg noodles., ingredients: [1 pound portobello mushrooms, stemmed, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups mushroom broth, 12 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 ounces soft goat cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Cooked and buttered egg noodles, for serving], title: Mushroom Stroganoff, picturelink: null}, 32337: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 13 by 9inch baking pan. With a whisk combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and sugar. Beat eggs with buttermilk and combine with corn and corn oil. Swiftly blend dry ingredients with wet ingredients and transfer to baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes or until bread pulls away from edges and a toothpick when inserted in the middle of the bread comes out dry., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 cups buttermilk or 1 cup yogurt mixed with 1 cup milk, 1 cup thawed frozen corn kernels, 12 cup corn oil], title: Corn on Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 32338: {instructions: In your favorite mug, add whiskey, fernet and agave nectar, and top with chamomile tea. Stir and enjoy, ingredients: [2 oz. whiskey, 12 oz fernet, 1 tsp agave nectar, 6 oz hot chamomile tea], title: Dot Calm Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 32339: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine water, lemon juice, liqueur and sugar. Cook until sugar dissolves, stirring. Add cornstarch. Cook stirring until sauce thickens. Heat cooking oil for deepfrying over high heat. Add wonton wrappers in 2 batches deepfry 30 seconds or until golden brown. Remove and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Assemble: Wrapper, fruit, whipped cream, wrapper, fruit, whipped cream and wrapper. Drizzle with sauce., ingredients: [16 wonton wrappers, 1 cup whipping cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 ounces canned or fresh lychee, pitted and halved, 4 kiwi friut peeled and sliced, 10 strawberries, sliced, 2 plums pitted and sliced, 20 pieces canned mandarin oranges, drained, Cooking oil for deepfrying, Mint sprigs, for garnish, 12 cup water, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, dissolved in 3 tablespoons water], title: Fruitful Pagoda, picturelink: null}, 32340: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer with canola oil to 375 degrees F. You can also use a castiron skillet filled halfway with canola oil.nIn a skillet set over medium heat, cook the bacon until crispy, about 10 minutes.nIn a shallow dish, add the flour and season with some salt and pepper. In a second shallow dish, add the eggs and lightly beat. Dredge the tomato slices in the flour then in the eggs and again in the flour.nFry the battered green tomato slices until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a large skillet set over medium heat, add a tablespoon of the canola oil. Add the fried green tomatoes to the skillet, stacked 2 high. Cover the stack with 2 pieces of the cheese and let melt, about a minute. Repeat with the remaining stacks of tomatoes and cheese, adding another tablespoon of oil halfway through.nSpread some mayonnaise onto both sides of a bun and layer with a stack of fried green tomatoes covered with melted cheese, 2 slices of crispy bacon, lettuce and top with top of the bun. Repeat for the remaining buns and tomato stacks, and then serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for deep frying, 8 slices bacon, 1 green tomato, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, 4 slices provolone, Mayonnaise, for spreading, 4 seeded hamburger buns, buttered and toasted, Iceberg lettuce, for serving], title: Fried Green Tomato Sandwich, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 32341: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and cook until crisptender, about 4 minutes. Drain, then plunge into an ice bath to stop the cooking. Drain again, then transfer to paper towels and pat dry.nCook the pancetta in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to paper towels using a slotted spoon. Add the garlic to the drippings in the skillet and cook, stirring, until golden, about 1 minute. Add the panko and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 1 minute.nAdd the haricots verts to the skillet and cook, stirring, until evenly coated, about 2 minutes. Stir in the pancetta and season with salt and pepper. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhoto by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 14 pounds haricots verts or green beans, trimmed, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, Freshly ground pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Haricots Verts with Pancetta, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 32342: {instructions: Make the Igloo:nButter and flour an 8inchround cake pan and a 1.5quart ovenproof bowl. Make the cake batter divide between the pan and the bowl. Bake at 350 degrees F until a toothpick comes out clean, about 35 minutes for the pan, 40 to 45 minutes for the bowl. Let cool, then unmold the cakes onto a rack.nMicrowave the white chocolate at 50 power in 15second intervals, stirring, until melted, about 2 minutes. Pour onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet and spread to 14 inch thick with an offset spatula. Sprinkle with the sanding sugar. Chill until set, about 10 minutes.nRemove the chocolate from the refrigerator. Break most of it into rough 12to1inch pieces to form the ice that covers the igloo.nUse a paring knife to cut a few even 12inch tiles from the remaining chocolate these are for the tunnel entrance.nAssemble the igloo: Mix 2 12 cups frosting with the blue food coloring. Spread some blue frosting on the flat cake, then cover with the bowlshaped cake.nSpread some frosting on the cake where you want the tunnel to go, then attach a doughnut half, cutside down. Attach the other half with frosting to extend the tunnel.nCover the entire cake with a thin layer of blue frosting this is called a crumb coat, which is like a primer it doesnt have to be perfect. Chill, uncovered, until the frosting sets, about 15 minutes.nSpread the remaining blue frosting evenly over the cake and doughnuts. Arrange the whitechocolate pieces on the igloo in a mosaic pattern. Place the even white chocolate tiles around the tunnel entrance.nFor the trees, mix 34 cup vanilla frosting with the green food coloring. Spread on the cones, flicking the frosting with the tip of an offset spatula to form branches. Arrange the trees around the igloo and dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pans, Allpurpose flour, for the pans, 1 18.25ounce box yellow cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 pound white chocolate, chopped, 1 8ounce container white sanding sugar, 2 16ounce tubs vanilla frosting, 2 drops neon blue food coloring, 1 cake doughnut, halved, 4 drops green food coloring, 3 sugar ice cream cones, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Igloo Cake, picturelink: FbrJvw3g6WsXCmqaXogMXNaMeirLAdO}, 32343: {instructions: Season shank with sea salt and pepper. Sear off the shank in a hot roasting pan with oil and butter in a preheated 450 degree F oven. Continually baste shank and cook until brown. Add mirepoix carrots, celery and onions and brown slowly. Add white wine and bouquet garni garlic, bay leaves, thyme, parsley, and peppercorns wrapped in the green leek. Continually baste while roasting. Cook for about 2 to 3 hours until shank is bronzed and fork tender, with no liquid left in pan. Remove shank and add water to pan and reduce to make a sauce. Strain and reseason with sea salt and pepper.nCABBAGE: Heat a rondeau, add bacon fat, duck fat, onions, and shallots. When shallots are lightly caramelized, add cabbage. Season lightly with salt and pepper and cook until cabbage is lightly caramelized. Add caraway, white wine, and oxtail stock. Reduce down. Add butter, vinegar and check seasoning.nCIPPOLINI ONIONS: In a large saute pan, melt butter and sugar. Stir in cippolini onions, salt and thyme, then pour chicken stock over onion mixture to cover. Cook until onions are glazed and lightly caramelized. Set aside.nTOMATO MARMALADE: Over medium heat in stainless steel saute pan, combine all ingredients completely. Cook until dry or jamlike consistency. Check seasoning.nPLATING: Place cabbage on plate, top with shank. Ladle onions and marmalade over top, then sprinkle with truffle oil, thyme leaves, fleur de sel or sea salt, cracked pepper.nWine Suggestion: Caine Five, 1995, ingredients: [1 veal shank, 4 pounds minus hock 10 to 12 inches long, Sea salt and pepper, 4 ounces olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 1 onion, diced, 10 ounces white wine, 5 whole garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 4 sprigs thyme, 4 sprigs parsley, 6 peppercorns, 1 green leek, 1ounce bacon fat, 1ounce duck fat, 1 onion, sliced thin, 6 shallots, sliced, 1 head cabbage, shredded, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 tablespoon caraway seeds, 4 ounces white wine, 16 ounces of oxtail stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1ounce rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, 1 pound cippolini onions, Salt to taste, 1 sprig thyme, Chicken stock to cover, 6 tomatoes, concasse finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, grated, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar to taste, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds], title: Slow Roasted Veal Shank with Melted Cabbage and Cippolini Onions, picturelink: null}, 32344: {instructions: Fill glass with ice.nAdd Smirnoff Citrus Flavored Vodka and lemonade.nStir well.nGarnish with lime twist., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Citrus Flavored Vodka 25 oz. per bottle, 3 oz. lemonade, 1 lime twist], title: Citrus Lemonade, picturelink: ltgiBE.44WsvrNGqLJjrMHSd.90CW}, 32345: {instructions: Cut each slice of white bread into thirds. In a nonstick saucepan bring the sugar and water to a boil. Add the blueberries and simmer for 2 minutes until they pop add raspberries and simmer for a minute or until wilted. Strain them over a bowl. Reserve the fruit and return the strained juices to a skillet. Over high heat reduce the juices until 1 cup remains and cool until room temperature. Blend the syrup with the fruits.nOil a 6 cup souffle mold. Line sides with bread strips and spoon fruit and syrup in the middle. Trim the bread on the sides of the bread so they are the same level as the fruits. Cover the fruit with more bread, cover the bread with a plate and place weight on the plate refrigerate overnight.nUnmold if possible and serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [6 slices of crustless white bread, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup of water, 6 cups each blueberries and raspberries, Whipped cream], title: Berry Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 32346: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the meat in a large bowl and mix together with your hands. Add a good pinch of kosher salt, the chile flakes, fennel seeds, cayenne, breadcrumbs, and Parmesan. Mix to blend and then form the meat into small 2inch patties.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat to avoid splattering, and add the meat patties in a single layer in the pan. Take care they are spread somewhat apart so they have a chance to brown instead of steam. Put the heat back on high and brown them, turning them so they brown all around, 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Touch them to make sure they are still tender and somewhat yielding in the center. Use a slotted spoon or spatula to remove them from the pan. Transfer the patties to a platter or individual plates.nUse a kitchen towel to wipe clean the skillet, put the heat on medium, and add the butter. When it begins to brown, crack 2 eggs, a distance apart, into the butter. Lower the heat, season the eggs lightly with salt, and cook 2 to 3 minutes or longer, if desired. Repeat with additional eggs. Put the eggs on the patties and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork lean but not too lean, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, toasted, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup breadcrumbs, toasted, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 to 6 eggs], title: Your Own Blended Pork Sausage and Fried Eggs, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 32347: {instructions: Rinse the chicken, remove any excess fat from around the vent, and pat dry with paper towels. In a small bowl, mix together the garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, paprika, and vinegar. Use this mixture to rub all over and inside the cavity of the chicken. Cover the chicken and let it sit on a platter for 1 hour.nHeat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Shake the chicken from both ends to drain off the excess vinegar. Using kitchen tongs and a large wooden spoon to steady the bird, brown it on all sides in the hot oil. This will take a good 10 to 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large enamel and castiron casserole, combine the tomatoes, onions, butter, 12 teaspoon salt and the black pepper. Add 12 cup water and set the chicken on top of this mixture.nRoast the chicken for 20 minutes per pound, or until the thigh meat is done through with no trace of pink remaining. Transfer the chicken to a warm serving platter and cover loosely with aluminum foil, while you tip the casserole to one side and spoon off the excess fat. Carve the chicken into serving pieces as desired, and serve with some of the vegetables from the pan, sprinkled with the parsley., ingredients: [1 3 pound roasting chicken, freerange if possible, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt, 2 tablespoons paprika, 14 red wine vinegar, 13 cup Spanish olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped or use canned plum tomatoes, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Pollito Tia Clara, picturelink: null}, 32348: {instructions: 1. Heat an outdoor grill or a stovetop grill pan to mediumhigh.n2. Halve chile lengthwise, remove stem, and scrape out seeds.For maximum heat, do not remove seeds. Thinly slice chile and set aside.n3. Stir garlic and olive oil together in a medium microwavesafe bowl, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and microwave on HIGH until garlic is soft and aromatic, about 2 minutes. Stir in chile, lime juice, cilantro, and 1 teaspoon salt to hot oil. Set mojo aside to cool until ready to serve.n4. Brush tuna with olive oil and season generously with about 12 teaspoon salt and black pepper, to taste. Grill, turning once, until distinct grill marks are seared into fish, 3 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare or 4 to 6 minutes for mediumwell. Let rest for 5 minutes.n5. Slice each tuna steak in half, divide among plates, and drizzle with some of mojo. Serve with green beans and any remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 to 1 small fresh jalapeno or serrano chile, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling, Handful fresh cilantro, coarsely chopped, Juice of 4 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12ounce tuna steaks about 1 14 inches thick, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Steamed green beans, for serving, optional], title: Grilled Tuna With Mojo, picturelink: null}, 32349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the soup:nPlace the onions on a baking sheet and dress lightly with EVOO, and season liberally with the thyme and salt and pepper. Dress the garlic with EVOO, salt and pepper, and then wrap the garlic in foil and fold edges over to secure a pouch. Roast the onions until tender and golden, 30 minutes, turning once. Roast the garlic until very soft, 35 to 40 minutes.nChar the peppers over an open flame on the stovetop or under a hot broiler once the onions and garlic are removed. Place the charred peppers in a bowl, cover and cool to handle. Wipe away the pepper skins with a towel. Seed and coarsely chop.nCool the garlic to handle, and then squeeze the garlic cloves away from the skins and into a food processor bowl. In two batches, add the onions, garlic, peppers, stock and tomatoes. Puree until fairly smooth. Add the puree to a pot with the passata and season with the herbes de Provence and add the torn basil. Heat the soup through and simmer to thicken a little and combine flavors, about 20 minutes. Adjust the salt and pepper. Cool and refrigerate for a makeahead meal.nFor the grilled cheese croutons:nTo serve, heat the soup over medium heat and preheat a griddle pan over medium heat. Butter all the bread on one side with the softened butter. Make the cheese sandwiches with the buttered sides facing out. Grill the sandwiches until golden and crisp on each side. Dice into bitesize squares. Serve the soup in shallow bowls and top each with a few grilled cheese croutons., ingredients: [2 onions, peeled and sliced into thin wedges, EVOO, for liberal drizzling, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads garlic, ends trimmed to expose cloves, 2 large sweet red peppers, 2 cups chicken stock, One 28 to 32ounce can fire roasted tomatoes, 2 cups passata or tomato sauce, 1 12 teaspoons dried herbes de Provence, half a palmful, A few leaves fresh basil, torn, Softened butter, 4 slices white bread, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, thinly sliced], title: Tomato Soup with Roasted Peppers, Garlic and Onions With Gruyere Grilled Cheese Croutons, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 32350: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix all ingredients in a bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cans black beans, drained, about 30 ounces, 1 15ounce can corn, drained, 2 Roma tomatoes, diced, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup diced red onion, 14 cup diced green onions, 14 cup diced pineapple, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Juice of 12 lime, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Pinch ground cumin], title: Black Bean Salad, picturelink: SaEjel0kNK3otkxznUbUktAGww4Wm}, 32351: {instructions: Add port to a small pot, and simmer over medium heat for approximately 30 minutes, or until it reduces to a couple of tablespoons and takes on the consistency of maple syrup. Reserve.nLightly sprinkle work surface with corn meal. Place dough directly in the middle of the work surface. Roll dough out gently 14inch thick, into either a 12inch rectangle or circle. Brush both sides with oil and set aside until ready to grill.nIf you are grilling on a charcoal grill, set coals on one side of the grill.nPlace dough directly on the cooking grate over medium heat for 1 to 3 minutes, until the crust is well marked and browned. Flip dough and spread with orange marmalade on cooked side of pizza crust. Arrange fig slices in on top. Sprinkle cheese evenly over the top. Move to indirect heat for charcoal: the side of charcoal grill that has no coals. For gas: turn off burner directly under pizza. Cover grill and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until bottom is well browned, and cheese is fully melted.nRemove from grill. Slice, drizzle with port reduction, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup port, 14 cup cornmeal or allpurpose flour, for rolling dough, 1 4inch ball prepared dough, at room temperature, 1 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 ripe figs or 10 dried figs, sliced thinly, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Fig and Goat Cheese Dessert Pizza with Port Reduction, picturelink: null}, 32352: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 13 by 9inch baking pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together butter and sugar on medium speed. Add the eggs and beat until creamy. Stir in the milk and vanilla. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl. Add the flour mixture on low speed until incorporated. Scrape down the sides and beat on high speed until smooth. Pour into prepared pan and bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until set.nRemove from oven and let cool in the pan on a wire rack. Once cool, remove from pan, wrap in aluminum foil and freeze at least 6 hours. Put the frozen cake into a clean, deep 13 by 9inch baking pan. Cover with crushed cookies and all but 1 cup of the strawberry puree. Cover with softened ice cream. Freeze at least 6 hours. To prepare cake top decorations: Break graham crackers along perforations to create rectangles. Use the gel to create headstones, by writing RIP for example. Lay flat to dry. Remove cake from freezer and from the pan, placing it on a serving platter. Allow to soften slightly so that the decorations can be inserted into the top. Stick the pretzels all around the edge to create the cemetery fence. Then put in the headstones and marshmallow ghosts. If the cake gets too soft during this process, place it into the freezer until its hard enough to work with again. Store in the freezer once decorated. To serve, put about 14 cup of the strawberry puree into a zip top bag. Cut off the tip and squeeze over the cake. Puddle the remaining puree on the platter around the cake. Let the cake sit out about 20 minutes so that it starts to melt slightly and bleed before serving., ingredients: [About 15 packaged marshmallow ghosts, 1 cup butter, softened, 3 cups sugar, 5 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 11 ounce box crushed vanilla wafer cookies, 3 pounds strawberries, pureed with sugar to taste depends on the sweetness of the berries, 2 quarts strawberry cheesecake premium ice cream, softened, About 4 graham crackers, Black gel icing, for piping, About 70 pretzel sticks], title: Bleeding Cemetery Cake, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 32353: {instructions: Cook the bacon on a griddle or in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs and sour cream in a medium bowl. Remove the bacon from the griddle and drain on paper towels pour the fat into a small bowl and set aside.nAdd the egg mixture to the griddle and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until just set. Layer 1 slice of cheddar, some scrambled eggs, a piece of bacon and another slice of cheddar on each of 4 slices of bread. Top with the remaining bread.nReturn the bacon fat to the griddle add the butter and let melt over medium heat. Place the sandwiches on the griddle, cover and cook until the bread is golden brown and the cheese melts, about 4 minutes per side.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [4 slices applewoodsmoked bacon, 6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons sour cream or heavy cream, 8 slices cheddar cheese about 6 ounces, 8 thick slices sourdough bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: B.E.G. Sandwiches BaconEgg Griddle Sandwiches, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 32354: {instructions: Whisk the sugar, rum, vanilla, orange zest and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl until the sugar dissolves. Add the cherries and cornstarch and toss set aside until juicy, about 30 minutes. Line a baking sheet with foil and coat with cooking spray. Place six 5to6inch ceramic tart dishes on the prepared pan. Add 34 cup cherries to each dish using a slotted spoon top each with 1 tablespoon butter and 2 teaspoons chocolate. Transfer the remaining cherry mixture to a saucepan add 12 cup water and simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Divide among the dishes cool completely.nDust a surface with flour. Using a paring knife, cut out 6 circles from the piecrust, 12 inch bigger than the tart dishes use the dishes as a guide. Place on another baking sheet chill until ready to bake. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Top each dish with a piece of dough, pressing the edge against the dish to seal pierce several times with a knife. Bake 45 minutes, then brush each pie with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar. Continue baking until golden, about 15 more minutes. Serve with ice cream.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 cup turbinado sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 cup light rum, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, Kosher salt, 3 pounds Bing cherries, pitted and halved, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Cooking spray, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped about 14 cup, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 12 14ounce packages refrigerated piecrust dough 3 pieces, Heavy cream, for brushing, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Boozy CherryChocolate Pies, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 32355: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the turkey breast in half and remove the breastplate from the meat. Place the bone in a large roasting pan, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. The breastbone will act as a natural roasting rack. Surround it with the vegetables and herbs. Drizzle with oil and season again. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes while preparing the turkey breast.nCoat a large skillet with oil. Over medium heat, sear the turkey breast skin side down until crispy. In a small bowl, combine honey, thyme leaves, salt, and pepper. Remove the turkey from the skillet and brush with the honey paste.nRemove the roasting pan from the oven, then lay the turkey breast on top of the roasted bone. Pour in the wine and chicken broth. Cover with aluminum foil and return to the oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Baste periodically.nArrange the turkey breast and root vegetables on a serving platter. Heat the pan juices on the stovetop over medium flame. Scrape the roasting pan with a wooden spoon to loosen particles from bottom and sides. Mix the flour with 3 tablespoons water to create a slurry and whisk into the pan sauce. Reduce heat and simmer until thickened to sauce consistency, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve gravy alongside the turkey platter., ingredients: [1 4 pound bone in whole turkey breast, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 turnips, halved, 2 rutabaga, halved, 2 parsnips, halved, 4 carrots, 2 onions, halved, 1 garlic bulb, 2 sprigs rosemary, 4 bay leaves, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup orange blossom honey, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup Chardonnay, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Seared Turkey Breast with Roasted Root Vegetables and Chardonnay Gravy, picturelink: null}, 32356: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.nCOMBINE brownie mix, oil and eggs in medium bowl. Beat 30 to 40 strokes. Drop by tablespoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet about 2 inches apart.nBAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until edges are set. Cool 2 minutes on cookie sheet. Remove to wire rack to cool completely.nBEAT frosting and marshmallow creme in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Dissolve coffee in water in small bowl. Stir into filling. Place half of pies flat side up. Spoon 2 tablespoons filling in center of each pie. Top with remaining pies, rounded side up. Press gently to spread filling.nWhoopie pies may be wrapped individually in plastic wrap and stored in the refrigerator for several days.nMarshmallow Whoopie PiesnMapleBacon Whoopie PiesnRaspberry Creme Whoopie PiesnSalted Caramel Whoopie PiesnPeanut Butter Whoopie Pies, ingredients: [1 19.5 oz. box Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 2 large eggs, 1 16 oz. container Pillsburyu00ae Creamy Supremeu00ae Vanilla Flavored Frosting, 34 cup marshmallow creme, 2 12 tsps. Folgers Classic Roastu00ae Instant Coffee Crystals, 2 tsps. water], title: Cafe Latte Whoopie Pies, picturelink: 7LhqfygJxoOWaIyETo5VWTZMTGWPlz2}, 32357: {instructions: Spread salt over a serving plate. Place ice cubes on plate. Spoon 12 teaspoon of caviar on each ice cube. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup coarse salt, 12 ice cubes, 1ounce caviar your choice of fancy imported or economic lumpfish], title: Caviar served on Ice Cubes, picturelink: null}, 32358: {instructions: In a shallow bowl, combine chili powder, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, and salt. Sprinkle both sides of pork with spice mixture.nPrepare a grill to mediumhigh heat and lightly oil the grate. Grill pork until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Grill pineapple if using fresh and jalapeno until lightly charred, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove chops from grill and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, dice pineapple and finely dice jalapeno. In a medium bowl, combine pineapple, jalapeno, and lime juice. Season to taste with salt.nBell peppers or zucchini, cooked on the grill with the rest of the meal, would be an easy and flavorful side dish. Grillwarmed tortillas would be nice, too. You can also make the recipe using bonein center rib chops or boneless chops. You can make the salsa with grilled peaches, nectarines or mangoes. If you like, add chopped onion or cilantro to the salsa. Likewise, feel free to play with the rub ingredients to make the mixture your own., ingredients: [4 pork bonein rib chops, about 34inch thick, trimmed, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 12 tablespoons light brown sugar, packed, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Pineapple Salsa:, 3 slices pineapple, cut crosswise about 12inch thick, trimmed OR 3 slices canned pineapple, drained, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved lengthwise, seeds and veins removed, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Salt, to taste, Or substitute any storepurchased fruit salsa.], title: ChiliRubbed Pork Chops with Grilled Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 32359: {instructions: Blanch the almonds 1 12 minutes in boiling water drain. Plunge into cold water, then slip off the skins. Spread the almonds out on several thicknesses of paper toweling and pat dry. Transfer to fresh paper toweling and let dry 24 hours. Heat the oil in a 10inch iron skillet over moderate heat about 2 minutes or until an almond, dropped into the oil, sizzles gently. Add half of the almonds to the oil and saute, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the color of light caramel. Dump the almonds into a colander set over a heatproof bowl shake to drain off as much oil as possible, then drain on paper toweling. Return the oil to the skillet and fry and drain the remaining almonds the same way. Sprinkle with salt and cayenne and toss well store in an airtight canister. Note: the sauteeing oil can be used to dress vegetables or salads., ingredients: [1 pound unblanched almonds, 1 12 cups olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Olive Sauteed Almonds, picturelink: null}, 32360: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cook black beans in water with bay leaves, oregano and salt until done, approximately 1 hour. Strain and keep the liquid. Heat lard in a medium sized saute pan over medium heat and cook bacon until it begins to render fat. Add chorizo, ham, onions, peppers, and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes, then add cumin. Next add cooked beans, rice, and reserved bean liquid. Cover with a banana leaf and place in oven. Cook for approximately 20 minutes or until rice is done and all the liquid is incorporated., ingredients: [2 cups uncooked black beans, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon oregano, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup lard, 1 cup bacon, diced, 1 cup chorizo, diced, 1 cup ham, diced, 1 white onion, diced, 1 red and green bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 cup rice, 1 banana leaf], title: Moro Black Bean and White Rice, picturelink: null}, 32361: {instructions: Make the dressing: Blend the lemon juice, anchovies, Worcestershire sauce, egg yolk, canola oil, garlic, lemon zest, mustard, honey, hot sauce and vinegar in a blender until well incorporated and fluffy. If the dressing is too thick, blend in a little cold water. Gently fold in the parmesan. Store leftover dressing in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 1 week.nMake the salad: Slice the baby romaine lengthwise into spears, leaving some of the stem intact so the leaves dont separate. Put the lettuce in a large bowl, drizzle with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the dressing and gently toss with your hands do not overtoss. Transfer to a large platter or bowl. Sprinkle with the grated parmesan. Add some croutons, crumbling them slightly as you add them. Sprinkle fresh lemon juice over the entire salad right before serving. Bon appetitnPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 to 2 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 pasteurized large egg yolk, 12 cup canola oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon honey preferably chestnut honey, Dash of hot sauce, 12 teaspoon chardonnay vinegar or other white wine vinegar, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, 4 to 5 heads baby red romaine lettuce, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, Frenchbread croutons, for topping, Fresh lemon juice, for sprinkling], title: Caesar Salad With Red Romaine, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 32362: {instructions: Rim martini glass with cinnamon and sugar.nThen drizzle cherry juice in the glass to layer.nShake Baileys and Captain Morgan with ice, strain, enjoy., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Baileys Coffee Irish Cream, 1 oz. Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, 1 dash maraschino cherry juice, 1 tbsp. cinnamon, 1 tbsp. sugar], title: Baileys Cherry Cafe, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 32363: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: butchers twine or durable string, coffee filternCombine the dried cherries, 23 cup water, vinegar, wine, sugar and salt into a pot. Place the peppercorns, juniper berries and bay leaf into a coffee filter. Using butchers string, tie the coffee filter up so that the spices will not fall out. Now place the filter in the pot with the rest of the ingredients. Put the pot on the stove and turn the burner on high. Once it begins to boil, turn the burner to low and let simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Stir the jam every couple of minutes. Let cool for 30 minutes and put in a blender. Blend until smooth. This goes really well with game meat and poultry., ingredients: [1 cup dried cherries, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 bay leaf, 12 tablespoon juniper berries, 12 tablespoon mixed peppercorns], title: Cherry Juniper Jam, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 32364: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, and sambal. Add the raspberries, pineapple, strawberries, kiwi, red onion, cilantro and mint and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes, ensuring flavors are well blended.nRinse the chicken breasts, pat dry with a paper towels, then generously coat with the blackening seasoning. In a large heavybottom pan, over mediumhigh heat, add the grapeseed oil and allow the oil to heat. Carefully add the chicken, cover and cook for 4 minutes, then reduce the heat to mediumlow, and turn the chicken over. Repeat the cooking process until the chicken has reached an internal temperature of 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, normally taking 13 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pan to a serving platter to allow it to rest and finish cooking. When the temperature reaches 165 degrees F serve with the fruit salsa., ingredients: [2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 12 cup canned diced pineapple, 14 cup diced strawberries, 1 kiwi, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons julienned red onion, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon minced mint leaves, 6 6 to 8ounce chicken breasts, skin removed, 2 tablespoons blackening spice, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil], title: Blackened Chicken with Fruit Salsa, picturelink: ZURlRzAburz9ez22pgk2MdxMxp25Ele}, 32365: {instructions: Muddle the agave, mint and lime juice in the bottom of a cocktail shaker with the end of a wooden spoon. Add the vodka and grapefruit juice and then fill it threequarters of the way full with ice. Shake until it is very cold, then evenly divide between two glasses filled with ice. Top with the sparkling water or champagne to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon agave nectar, 20 fresh mint leaves, Juice of 1 lime, 3 ounces grapefruit vodka 2 shots, Juice of 12 grapefruit, Ice, Cold citrus sparkling water or champagne], title: Grapefruit Mojito, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 32366: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPrick the sweet potatoes with a fork and bake them until they are soft, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and set aside until they are cool enough to handle.nWhile the potatoes are cooking make the pastry: combine the flour, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate it for at least 30 minutes.nSprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out into a 10inch circle. Carefully roll the dough up onto the pin and lay it inside a 9inch pie pan. Press the dough firmly into the bottom and sides so it fits tightly. Trim the excess dough around the rim and pinch the edges to form a border. Place a piece of parchment paper over the crust and fill with uncooked beans or pie weights. Bake the pie crust until it sets, about 20 minutes. Remove the parchment and beans. Brush the bottom with the beaten egg white and set aside.nWhile the crust is cooking make the filling: When cool enough to handle, peel the sweet potatoes and puree the pulp in a food processor with 12 stick butter and a pinch of salt. Measure 1 12 cups puree into a bowl. In another bowl beat the eggs and sugar until the sugar has melted. Add the eggs to the sweet potato puree and whisk well. Add the cream, orange zest, cinnamon, and nutmeg and stir well to combine. Pour the mixture into the pie shell. Place the pie pan on a sturdy cookie sheet to catch any spills. Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until the pie is set but still jiggles slightly, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow it to cool.nMeanwhile, put the pecans on a baking sheet and bake them with the pie for about 10 minutes to toast them. Remove them from the oven and let them cool. Thaw the cranberries in a strainer set over a bowl to catch the liquid. Put the cookies, pecans, and cranberries into a food processor and pulse them a few times until they are coarsely chopped. Sprinkle the topping evenly over the cooled pie and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, for 1 12 cups puree, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, Pinch salt, 3 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 12 cup pecans, 1 8ounce package frozen cranberries, 1 2.3ounce package amaretto cookies about 12, such as Amaretti di Saronno], title: Sweet Potato Pie with Crunchy Cranberry Topping, picturelink: eaODNPsswz7WdPouDPiEMYE28A0Dbr6}, 32367: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In ungreased 8 or 9inch round cake pan, place butter, brown sugar and syrup. Place in oven 2 to 4 minutes or until butter melts. Mix well sprinkle with pecans.nIf using crescent rolls: Remove dough from can in 2 rolled sections do not unroll. Cut each section into 6 slices. If using dough sheet: Remove dough from can, and cut in half do not unroll. Cut each section into 6 slices.nIn small bowl, mix granulated sugar and cinnamon dip both sides of each slice in sugar mixture. Arrange slices over butter mixture in pan sprinkle with any remaining sugar mixture.nBake 17 to 23 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 1 minute turn upside down onto heatproof serving plate. Serve warm.nHigh Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 20 to 26 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup butter or margarine, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons mapleflavored syrup, 14 cup chopped pecans or walnuts, 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Lazy Maple Crescent PullAparts, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 32368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the salt, granulated sugar, brown sugar and peppercorns. Spread extrawide aluminum foil a little longer than the length of the fish on the work surface and top with an equally long layer of plastic wrap. Lay 1 half of the salmon, skinside down, on the plastic wrap. Sprinkle the rub onto the flesh of the salmon. Place the second half of the salmon, fleshside down, on top the first half. Fold the plastic over to cover, and then close the foil edges together and crimp tightly around the fish.nPlace the wrapped fish onto a sheet pan and top with another sheet pan. Weigh down with a brick or 2 and refrigerate for 12 hours. Flip the fish over and refrigerate another 12 hours. Some juice will leak out during the process so make sure theres a place for the runoff to gather.nUnwrap the fish and rinse off the cure mixture with cold water. Pat the salmon dry with paper towels and place in a cool, dry place not the refrigerator until the surface of the fish is dry and mattelike, 1 to 3 hours depending on humidity. A fan may be used to speed the process.nPrepare a smoker with alderwood chips. Smoke the salmon over the smoldering chips, keeping the temperature inside the smoker at about 200 degrees F, until the thickest part of the fish registers 150 degrees F, about 1 hour. Serve immediately or cool to room temperature, wrap tightly and refrigerate for up to 3 days.nPlace the salmon on a platter. Drizzle with some of the reserved Apple Cider Vinaigrette, and top with the Salad of Apple, Dried Cherries, Hazelnuts and Greens. Serve.nWhisk together the vinegar, honey, mustard and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Reserve some to drizzle over the fish. Add the greens, apples, cherries and hazelnuts to the remaining vinaigrette and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons crushed black peppercorns, 1 3 to 3 12pound piece centercut salmon, skin on, pin bones removed, halved, Alderwood chips, soaked in cold water for 4 hours, Salad of Apple, Dried Cherries, Hazelnuts and Greens with Apple Cider Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 4 ounces organic baby greens, roughly chopped, 1 Gala apple, cored and thinly sliced, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and thinly sliced, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup peeled, toasted hazelnuts, chopped], title: Hot Smoked Salmon with Salad of Apples, Dried Cherries, Hazelnuts and Greens and Apple Cider Vinaigrette, picturelink: EcwwUvuaE65115Sxbumo65dlQRrUnWy}, 32369: {instructions: Saute onions, garlic, and rosemary in 4 tablespoons of the reserved bacon fat until golden and soft.nIn a huge bowl or the nearest thing youve gotI use the turkey roaster, combine bread cubes, eggs, and remaining bacon fat. Then add oniongarlic mixture, the thyme, and pecans.nCombine the bourbon and chicken stock starting with 1 quart, add enough stock to produce the consistency YOU recognize as stuffing.nWhen combined, stuff bird or place in separate large baking dishes.nBake at 350 for at least 45 minuteslonger if you prefer a dark crust on your stuffing.nServes 12 or more as part of a Thanksgiving feast., ingredients: [1 dense storebought loaf dark pumpernickel bread, torn or cut into 1inch cubes, stale or dried in a 200degree warm oven, 1 dense storebought loaf light rye bread, torn or cut into 1inch cubes, stale, 1 lb. thickcut bacon, chopped and browned, fat reserved, 8 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 large onions, chopped, 8 cloves garlic or more to taste, crushed, 2 tbsp. rosemary, 1 tbsp. thyme leaves, 1 lb. toasted pecans, 2 quarts rich chicken or turkey stock more or less depending on your preference for dry or wet stuffing, 1 cup bourbon], title: ToDieFor Thanksgiving Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 32370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 reusable organic cotton produce bagnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the turkey into a deep, highsided bowl on its end with the stuffing end up. Set aside.nHeat the chicken broth in the microwave in a large microwaveproof container. Place mushrooms in a glass bowl and pour heated broth over them. Cover and allow to sit for 35 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl toss the onion, celery, and green pepper with the oil and salt. Place the vegetables on a sheet pan and roast for 35 minutes. During the last 10 minutes of cooking, spread the cubed bread over the vegetables, return to the oven, and continue cooking.nDrain mushrooms, reserving 1 cup of liquid. Chop the mushrooms and place in a largenmicrowaveproof bowl with the vegetables and bread, reserved chicken stock, cherries, pecans, eggs, sage, parsley and black pepper. Stir well in order to break up pieces of bread. Use your hands to combine, if necessary. Heat the stuffing in a microwave on high power for 6 minutes.nWhile the stuffing is heating, rub the bird with oil. Working quickly, place the stuffing into the cavity of the turkey to avoid losing heat. Place the turkey into a roasting pan, on a rack, and season with salt and pepper. Place the roasting pan on the middle rack of the oven. Roast for 45 minutes and then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and cook for another 60 to 75 minutes or until the bird reaches an internal temperature of 170 degrees F. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 10 to 12pound turkey, with giblets removed, 1 quart chicken broth, 2 ounces dried mushrooms, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped green pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for rubbing on turkey, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning turkey, 3 cups Challah bread, cut into 12inch cubes from approximately 4 to 5 slices, 4 ounces unsweetened dried cherries, approximately 1 cup, 2 ounces chopped pecans, approximately 12 cup, 2 whole eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons dried rubbed sage, 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning chicken], title: Turkey with Stuffing, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 32371: {instructions: In a bowl mix the dry ingredients. Add the liquids starting with the honey. Spray a 9inch tart pan with oil. Spread a layer of the granola mixture in the bottom and on the sides of the tart pan. Bake at 325 until it begins to brown, about 20 minutes. Remove, cool, then remove from the tart from the pan. In a food processor, puree the raspberries with the sugar. Do not over process, as the seeds are to be strained. Transfer the puree to a fine sieve or chinois and separate the seeds with a wooden spoon. Warm the mixture briefly in a microwave. Add the gelatin and dissolve. Refrigerate the puree until it cools. Combine with the drained yogurt. Chill for 2 hours.nFill the base of the tart crust with a layer of fresh raspberries. Spread a layer of the raspberry yogurt over the raspberries. Top with more raspberri, ingredients: [12 cup walnuts milled to flour in processor, 12 cups oatmeal quick oats, 4 tablespoons sunflower seeds, 6 tablespoons wheat germ, 4 tablespoons shredded coconut, 14 cup honey, 4 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 cups fresh raspberries, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon gelatin, 2 cups plain yogurt drained in cheesecloth for at least 15 minutes], title: Granola and Raspberry Tart, picturelink: null}, 32372: {instructions: Tear the leaves off of the basil and place in a blender with the olive oil. Puree until smooth. Pour mixture into a large saucepan or skillet and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat for about 3 minutes. Strain through a finemesh strainer into a sterilized airtight jar or bottle. Store in a cool, dark place for up to 1 week.n2 cups pure olive oiln12 cup ground cinnamonnIn a large saute pan, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add cinnamon, stir to combine, and simmer for about 3 minutes. Strain through a finemesh strainer lined with a coffee filter into a sterilized airtight jar or bottle. Store in a cool, dark place for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh basil, 1 cup pure olive oil], title: Basil Oil and Cinnamon Oil, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 32373: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. In a small bowl, mix the dipping sauce ingredients, stirring until the sugar dissolves set aside. In a medium bowl, mix the pork, scallions, soy sauce, sesame oil, cornstarch, sherry, gingerroot and garlic.nPlace the wonton skins on a work surface and cover them with a damp towel. Remove the wonton skins 1 at a time and place about 1 teaspoon filling in the center do no overstuff or the wontons wont seal securely. Moisten the edges of the wontons with water. Bring 2 opposite corners to the center, pinching the points to seal, then bring remaining 2 corners to center, pinching the points to seal. Repeat with the remaining wonton skins and filling.nAdd the wontons in batches if you add too many at once they may stick together to the boiling water. Stir gently with a wooden spoon and bring back to a boil boil 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the wontons to a platter. Serve with a dipping sauce., ingredients: [14 cup redwine vinegar, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons grated peeled ginger root, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 pound lean ground pork, 1 scallion, finely minced, 1 tablespoon reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon dry sherry, 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger root, 1 garlic clove, minced, One 12ounce package about 48 wonton skins], title: Dumplings with Ginger Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32374: {instructions: Use a fork to smash the avocado in a small bowl, leaving it slightly chunky stir in the lime juice and season with kosher salt. Spread the avocado smash on the toasted pain au levain, and top with the pickled chile slices, red radish sprouts and cilantro. Sprinkle a little Maldon salt on top and finish with a few drops of olive oil serve., ingredients: [1 Haas avocado, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt, 1 slice pain au levain, toasted, 4 to 6 slices pickled Fresno chiles or pickled jalapenos, 14 cup loosely packed red radish sprouts, 4 cilantro leaves, Pinch Maldon salt, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Avocado Toast, picturelink: zaNfEuYNXYV7yld2EgLhifzmZTX.Tcy}, 32375: {instructions: For the sauerkraut: In a large sauce pan sweat the bacon, caraway seeds and onions for five to seven minutes or until soft, but not colored. Add the tomato, sauerkraut and beer and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to simmer and cook, covered for one hour. Let cool and reserve until needed. It will keep, refrigerated, for up to a week without spoiling.nFor the salmon: Blend each spice briefly in a blender to break up, but not pulverize to a powder. Mix all of them well together in a bowl.nWet each piece of salmon with water on the skin side. Dredge each piece, skin side down, in the spice mix. Set aside.nMeanwhile, preheat a heavy saute pan or skillet. Add the oil and then add the salmon pieces, skin side down and cover with a tight fitting lid. Let them cook for four minutes on one side only, for rare fish. Cook longer if desired. Uncover the pan and remove the fish to paper towels to drain.nServe with the hot sauerkraut., ingredients: [12 pound Irish bacon, Shannon brand any grocery store, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 large onion, peeled and sliced very thinly, 1 plum tomato, chopped, with seeds and skin, 2 pounds sauerkraut, drained if necessary, 12 ounces lager beer, 14 cup coriander seeds, 14 cup cumin seeds, 14 cup fennel seeds, 14 cup black onion seeds, 14 cup black mustard seeds, 4 to 6 pieces of salmon fillet, about 6 ounces each, skin on, cut from the center portion, 14 cup vegetable oil, such as canola oil], title: Five Spice Crusted Salmon with Sauerkraut, Irish Bacon and Caraway Seeds, picturelink: null}, 32376: {instructions: In an electric standing mixer beat together the egg whites, egg, confectioners sugar and bread flour until blended into a smooth batter. Fold in the lemon zest. Refrigerate, covered, overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a sheet pan or use a nonstick cookie sheet. Using a small off set spatula, spread 1 teaspoon of the batter into 5inch circles spaced 3 inches apart. The batter should be spread thin. Sprinkle the tops of the rounds with sesame seeds. Bake a few at a time until the edges begin to brown for about 5 minutes. Working quickly use a spatula to remove the tuiles from the sheet pan and then mold them over the top of a 1 cup bowl. When they have cooled remove the molded tuiles and allow them to cool completely. When ready to serve place individual tuiles on decorative dessert plates. Carefully scoop ice cream to fill tuile, then top with raspberries and lychees., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 3 large eggs, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 23 cup bread flour, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 6 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 gallons vanilla ice cream, 2 pints raspberries, Two 16ounce cans lychee nuts], title: Sesame Tuile, Vanilla Ice Cream garnished with Raspberries and Lychees, picturelink: null}, 32377: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, combine parsley, cloves, chile flakes, and salt and pepper. Completely puree until fine, in a serving container, add vinegar and oil., ingredients: [1 cup Italian parsley, picked, 6 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, Pinch dried chile flakes, Salt and pepper, 14 cup malt or red wine vinegar, 1 cup olive oil], title: Chimichurri for Beef, Innards and Sausage, picturelink: oHHKTQtn3Hm4WA9OOvAbfdEfT3PUnlO}, 32378: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix together garlic, olive oil, sugar, cumin, chili flakes and cinnamon. Add squash cubes and toss well to evenly coat. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Place on two sheet pans and bake until nicely caramelized and soft when poked with a fork, stirring squash halfway through baking, about 25 to 30 minutes. While baking, place almonds in a dry skillet over mediumhigh heat and toast, stirring often, until lightly golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer squash and almonds to a serving bowl, toss with orange juice and zest, and serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 2 pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 1 12 pound acorn squash, seeded and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup almond slivers, 12 orange, zested and juiced about 13 cup juice and 1 tablespoon zest], title: Roasted Squash Toss, picturelink: q6tKc.d7n.kfe1ZJoBm17nuiG7ng4S}, 32379: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine water, wine, olive oil, lemon juice and bouquet garni. Simmer for 10 minutes. Slice mushrooms and leave small ones whole. Add mushrooms to court bouillon and simmer 8 to 10 minutes. Strain out mushrooms and reduce cooking liquid by twothirds or until thickened. Allow mushrooms to marinate overnight in sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 12 cup wine, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 bouquet garni: parsley stems, bay leaf, thyme, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, celery leaves or seeds, fresh fennel or 18 teaspoon seeds, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 14 to 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 10ounce package button mushrooms], title: Mushrooms a la Greque, picturelink: null}, 32380: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake thepotatoes until they can be just piercedwith a knife, about 45 minutes. Cut intolarge chunks.nPreheat a grill to high. Brush the potatoes and scallions with 13 cup olive oil and arrange on the grill. Grill the potatoes until just tender, about 5 minutes per side. Grill the scallions until softened and marked,about 1 minute per side. Remove the scallions and potatoes from the grill cut the scallions into small pieces.nIn a large bowl, whisk the remaining 13 cup olive oil, the mustard, vinegars and honey season with salt and pepper. Add the potatoes, scallions and parsley and toss until the potatoes are well coated.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, 8 scallions, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Sweet Potato and Scallion Salad, picturelink: 3F1nHCyyQjF2j6eUoYRGHBtsw0VCbNS}, 32381: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until al dente, stirring often, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain well, reserving 2 cups of the pasta water.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil, garlic and Thai chile, and cook until softened and fragrant, 2 minutes. Add the edamame, scallions, butter and salt cook for an additional minute, until the edamame is heated through and the scallions are soft. Add the drained pasta and the shiso, sesame seeds and the reserved pasta water. Simmer for about 1 minute, tossing gently, until the sauce is creamy. Serve topped with a small dollop of tobiko., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 fresh red Thai chile, chopped fine, 1 cup frozen, shelled edamame, thawed, 1 bunch scallions, sliced into thin rounds about 34 cup, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more the pasta water, 20 shiso leaves, finely sliced about 12 cup, 2 teaspoons white sesame seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons tobiko caviar flyingfish roe], title: Far East Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 32382: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Season the short ribs with salt and pepper, to taste. Add short ribs to pan, 1 at a time, and sear on all sides until nicely browned. Remove them from the pan to a platter.nIn the same Dutch oven, over mediumhigh heat, add the onions. Cook until the onions are well caramelized, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and mix well. Stir in the chipotles, salsa, stock and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil, then add the short ribs and cover. Put the pot in the oven and braise the ribs until the meat is fork tender, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nRemove the ribs from the oven and shred the meat with 2 forks. Slice the peppers into thin strips and put them in a bowl along with the cilantro. Warm the tortillas in the oven. Assemble the fajitas with the desired amount of short rib meat and top with peppers.nGarnish with lime wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 6ounce boneless short ribs, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 chipotles, minced, 12 cup hot salsa, 1 quart beef stock, 1 jar fire roasted whole red peppers, drained and patted dry, 1 jar fire roasted whole yellow peppers, drained and patted dry, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 4 to 6 flour tortillas, 2 limes, cut in wedges, for garnish], title: Blazin Short Rib Tacos with Roasted Peppers, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 32383: {instructions: Start by preparing and cutting all the vegetables and measuring your ingredients so that they are ready to go. Once you begin stirfrying, it goes very quickly.nIn a wok or large skillet, heat canola oil over high heat until almost smoking. Add the peppers and onion while stirring constantly. While continuing to stir, add successively the squash, broccoli, eggplant, tofu, garlic, and teriyaki sauce. Cook, stirring, constantly for 2 minutes. Add the bok choy, sprouts, pepper, and salt and cook, stirring, until crisptender, about 2 minutes more.nStir in snow peas and sesame oil and remove from heat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and julienned, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup halfmoon sliced yellow squash, 1 cup small broccoli florets, 1 baby eggplant, cut into chunks, 8 ounces firm tofu, cut into large chunks, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup teriyaki sauce check the label: no more than 2 grams sugar per serving, 2 cups sliced bok choy, 1 cup fresh mung bean sprouts, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup snow peas, 2 tablespoons sesame oil], title: Vegetable StirFry, picturelink: null}, 32384: {instructions: For the Flatbread: In an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the yeast, sugar and water. Mix for 1 minute on low speed and let sit until the mixture just begins to bubble. Attach the dough hook and add the flours and salt to the yeast mixture. Mix until it forms a mass, the dough should be sticky. Continue to add additional flour, if necessary, until the surface is dry enough to handle and dry enough to roll. Divide the dough into pieces, roll into balls and lightly brush with oil. Place on a floured surface and cover the balls with plastic wrap and a clean cloth and let proof for 2 hours at room temperature or place on a lightly greased baking sheet, cover and let proof overnight in the refrigerator. To form flatbread pat each piece of dough out into a 5inch disk and sprinkle liberally with flour. Roll each disk on a floured surface into a 10inch diameter circle. Puncture the dough liberally with a fork to keep it from rising. Grill or bake each on a pizza stone or a lightly greased sheet pan for about 5 minutes at 425 degrees F. until dough starts to get crisp on the edges but still remains chewy. For the Spicy Hummus: Place chickpeas, garlic, chipotle puree, lemon juice and tahini in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. For the Vegetables: To assemble and bake: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Top each prebaked flatbread with the spicy hummus. Arrange any or all of the veggies on top of the hummus. Season with salt, pepper and ancho powder. Place the bread back in the oven and bake for 5 minutes to heat through. Remove and add olives, goat cheese and fresh basil. Cut into small squares and place on a platter.nAdditional serving suggestions: Spiced nuts Marinated olives Cheese platter with an assortment of cheeses and crackers Crudite, ingredients: [12ounce fresh yeast, 112 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 14 cups water, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces bread flour, 34 cup buckwheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups chickpeas, cooked or canned, drained and rinsed, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons tahini, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Red bell peppers cut into strips, Sliced red onions, Sliced scallions, Blanched green beans, Thinly sliced eggplant, Salt and pepper, Ancho powder, 12 pound of goat cheese crumbled, Chopped Nicoise olives, Basil chiffonade], title: Y Not Buckwheat Flatbread with Spicy Hummus and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 32385: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the nuts with the oil, sugar, Chinese fivespice powder and salt.nLay the nuts in an even layer in a baking dish. Bake until lightly browned, stirring every 5 minutes or so to make sure the nuts cook evenly, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound mixed shelled nuts, such as almonds, cashews, peanuts, etc., 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Spiced Nuts, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 32386: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 thin bamboo stick, about 2 feet 24inches in lengthnInsert the bamboo stick through the fishs mouth, through its body and out the tail. Move the fish along so its sitting in the middle part of the bamboo stick.nNow dig the base of the stick into the ground, deep enough to make the stick stand on its own upright with the mouth of the fish pointing to the sky.nPour the cup of water down the fishs mouth, and then form a pyramid like shape with the rice straw, enclosing the fish on the stick.nCarefully, set the rice straw alight and move away.nWhen the rice straw has finished burning, about 7 minutes, the fish is ready.nScrape any charred skin with a sharp knife and eat directly off the stick., ingredients: [1 snakehead fish or mudfish, cleaned and gutted about 1 12 to 2 pounds, 1 cup water, 11 pounds rice straw], title: Snakehead Fish Smoked In Rice Straw, picturelink: null}, 32387: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the carrots, cucumbers and daikon.nIn a small jar or container with a lid, combine the rice wine vinegar, fish sauce, sugar, sambal, ginger and garlic. Shake well and let sit for at least 15 minutes to allow the sugar to dissolve and the flavors to marry.nToss the cucumberdaikon mixture with the vinaigrette and let sit outside the fridge for an hour before serving. Sprinkle with the scallions., ingredients: [2 carrots, julienned, 1 hothouse cucumber, sliced thinly, preferably on a mandoline, 1 medium daikon radish, peeled, sliced in half lengthwise and sliced into thin halfmoons, preferably on a mandoline, 34 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 scallions, sliced thinly on the bias], title: Pickled Cucumber and Daikon Salad, picturelink: CFQV6ExeYUP7lAheEkfTFDoxRDQk8lq}, 32388: {instructions: For the mint pesto: Mix the sugar and mint in a mortar, grinding well with the pestle. Add the water and mix. Chill if not using immediately.nFor the strawberries balsamic sauce: Put the strawberries into a bowl and sprinkle the balsamic vinegar and sugar over them. Add a pinch each of salt and pepper. Toss gently and marinate for 2 to 3 minutes.nFor the chocolate espresso ganache: Put the chocolate into a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the cream and the espresso powder to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Immediately pour the boiling cream over the chopped chocolate and let it sit for 1 minute. Using a spatula, slowly stir in a circular motion until all the chocolate is melted, do not stir in too much air. Add in the chopped toasted hazelnuts and allow the mixture to cool. The ganache may be covered and stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nTo serve: Blend each mixin into 1 pint softened vanilla gelato. Put back into the freezer to harden., ingredients: [1 bunch mint leaves, lightly chopped, about 12 cup, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 2 cups strawberries, stemmed and quartered, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup superfine sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 12 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts, 1 pint vanilla gelato, softened], title: 3 MixIns to Customize StoreBought Gelato, picturelink: null}, 32389: {instructions: In a shaker filled with ice, add bourbon, apple cider and 12 teaspoon agave syrup. Shake and pour over ice in a tall glass. Garnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [2 oz. Makers Mark bourbon, 6 oz. gingerinfused apple cider, 12 tsp. agave nectar, optional, Lemon wedge garnish], title: Gilligans Delight, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 32390: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, stir together oil and fajita seasoning. Add potatoes and mushrooms and toss until well coated. Transfer to prepared baking sheet and arrange in a single layer. Sprinkle with cheese and bake for 15 minutes. Remove and set aside.nMeanwhile, stir together beans and salsa in microwavesafe bowl. Cover with a damp paper towel and microwave on HIGH for 3 minutes set aside.nHeat taco shells in oven for 3 to 5 minutes.nSpoon beans into heated taco shells. Top with potato mixture and garnish with red onion, tomato, and lettuce.nServe immediately with salsa., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon fajita seasoning, 1 16ounce bag precooked diced redskin potatoes, 12 cup presliced mushrooms, 13 cup reducedfat Mexican blend cheese, 1 16ounce can vegetarian refried beans, 34 cup cilantro salsa, plus more for serving, 1 5.8ounce box white corn taco shells, Chopped red onion, tomato, and lettuce, for serving], title: Spicy Potato Tacos, picturelink: tqkxj2y0ydZpy3H5uIR5qjKZuN0eOG6}, 32391: {instructions: To make the sauce: Wash the chiles and remove their stems, seeds, and veins. Bring the water to a boil in a medium sized saucepan and add the chiles. Cover the pan and remove it from the heat. Soak for 1 hour, or until softened, then drain, reserving the soaking water. In a blender, combine the chiles and their soaking water with the garlic, onion, cumin, salt, pepper, sugar, and oregano. Puree the sauce until smooth, adding a little more of the soaking water if it is too thick. In a wide saute pan large enough to fit the diameter of the tortillas, heat the olive oil over medium low heat. Add the sauce and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened slightly. Taste for seasoning, cover and keep warm at the back of the stove. To make the enchiladas: In a mixing bowl, combine the cheese, chiles, cilantro and the onions and toss to mix. In another large skillet, heat 1inch of canola oil over mediumhigh heat. When it is hot, fry the tortillas, one at a time, for about 30 seconds, or until slightly golden but still pliable. Drain on paper towels.nPreheat the oven to warm. Ladle some of the sauce in the center of a warm plate. Coat each tortilla with sauce by dipping it into the pan, then place it on the plate. Scatter about 14 cup of the cheese chile mixture over, then dip and stack another tortilla. Scatter with the cheese and make another layer in the same way. Top with a fourth dipped tortilla and keep warm in the oven while you finish stacking the dipped tortillas and cheese to make 5 more servings. Top each stack with a little more sauce, some of the crumbled panela, and a few sprigs of cilantro and serve immediately., ingredients: [30 dried red chiles New Mexican, 3 cups water, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 yellow onion, quartered, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon oregano, crumbled, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 pound grated Mexican Manchego cheese, 3 jalapeno chiles, stemmed and sliced into thin disks, 1 small bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 1 small yellow onion, cut into 14inch dice, Canola or vegetable oil for frying, 24 white corn tortillas, 1 cup crumbled panela, Sprigs of cilantro, for garnish], title: Enchiladas de Manchego Norteyas, picturelink: null}, 32392: {instructions: Heat 14 cup oil in small pan over mediumhigh heat. Add capers but be careful, they will spatter. Fry the capers 1 12 to 2 minutes until golden, drain on paper towels.nCombine remaining 14 cup extravirgin olive oil with garlic and anchovy paste. Add tomatoes, onion, parsley and olives. Season with red pepper flakes and salt and pepper. Garnish with capers and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 jar capote large capers, drained well and patted dry, 1 clove garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 6 plum tomatoes, sliced 12inch thick, 1 small red onion or 12 medium, very thinly sliced, 12 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley, A handful pitted good quality black olives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, for seasoning], title: Puttanesca Tomato Salad with Fried Capers, picturelink: P3s79bVPn1zFst7mljW8MLhooaGVB2}, 32393: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet or medium Dutch oven, add the onions, garlic, Fresno chile, rosemary, bay leaf, salt, and pepper and cook to soften, 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, add about 23 of the chickpeas to a food processor, then quickpulse into fine bits. Add the finely chopped chickpeas and remaining whole chickpeas to the pan and heat through. Stir in the stock and tomatoes. Break up the whole tomatoes and simmer the sauce to thicken a little. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nReheat over moderate heat and stir occasionally.nBring water to boil for pasta, salt the water and cook to al dente. Reserve a cup of starchy pasta water just before draining. Drain the pasta and place back in the hot pot and toss with the sauce and as much starchy water as you need to combine. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls topped with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle of Pecorino cheese and parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 Fresno or Holland red chile pepper, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 fresh bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can chickpeas garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 28ounce can whole or crushed San Marzano tomatoes, 1 pound whole wheat or whole grain penne, Freshly grated Pecorino cheese, for serving, Finely chopped flatleaf parsley, for serving], title: Ceci Chickpeas Sauce with Penne, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 32394: {instructions: About 2 hours before cooking, prepare all ingredients. Cut up the chicken breasts and put in a resealable plastic bag with paprika, 6 tablespoons olive oil, and kosher salt. Seal the bag and shake to be sure all of the chicken is well coated.nCook the lobsters, one at a time, in a very large pot in 8 quarts of boiling, salted water for 10 minutes each. Remove the lobsters and reserve 4 quarts of the cooking liquid. Shell the lobsters. Keep the small claws whole, if you can, and cut the rest into large pieces. Return the bodies to the 5 quarts water and continue gently simmering for the broth.nIn a large, shallow baking pan on a hot stove, add the remaining 10 tablespoons of the olive oil. Saute the chicken in the olive oil until brown. Add the chorizo and cook for 5 minutes. Add the onion and garlic and cook for several minutes longer. Add the shrimp and scallops and cook for 10 minutes. Add the peas, mussels, red and green peppers, tomatoes, and 6 cups of the reserved lobster broth. Add lobster meat and sprinkle the rice evenly overall.nIn a small bowl, mix together the brandy and the ground saffron. Add 6 more cups of broth and brandy mixed with saffron. Cover pan and cook for 10 to 15 minutes until rice is al dente and all water is absorbed. If you need more broth, add to it. Season with freshly ground black pepper to taste. Before serving squeeze lemon over all.nArrange on platter artfully, with mussels around the sides and shrimp poking out., ingredients: [One 4pound package boneless chicken breasts, cut into 2inch pieces, 8 tablespoons paprika, 6 tablespoons olive oil, plus 10 tablespoons, 5 tablespoons kosher salt, Five 1 12pound lobsters, 4 pounds chorizo, cut into chunks, 1 heaping cup chopped onion, 1 heaping cup minced fresh garlic, 4 pounds shrimp, heads off and shells on, 5 pounds Maine scallops, 3 cups fresh peas, 6 dozen Maine mussels, 3 green peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 2 red peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 3 cups seeded, chopped tomatoes, 4 quarts broth, from the cooking of the lobsters, 6 cups long grain rice, 1 12 cups brandy, 2 teaspoons saffron, ground into a powder with mortar and pestle, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 lemons], title: Ayuh Seafood Paella, picturelink: null}, 32395: {instructions: Over low heat, melt chocolate in heavy cream, stirring until smooth let cool to room temperature. With an electric mixer whip the butter and sugar until light, then fold in the cooled chocolate, chestnut puree and rum. Mix until smooth and pack into prepared ramekins or custard cups. Cover and chill overnight.nPipe whipped cream rosettes in center if you wish., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate bits, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces butter, 12 cup superfine sugar, 15ounce can unsweetened chestnut, drained and pureed in a food processor, 2 tablespoons rum, Whipped cream for garnish, optional], title: Chestnut Chocolate Dessert, picturelink: null}, 32396: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a 2quart oval baking dish with olive oil. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add enough salt so that the water tastes like the sea. Add the noodles and cook 2 minutes less than the package directions. The noodles should be firmtender. Reserve 12 cup pasta water, and then drain the noodles. Let the noodles and pasta water cool slightly. In a large bowl whisk the eggs with the broth and pasta water until smooth. Add the noodles and nutmeg and stir to combine. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, without stirring, until the edges are browned, about 5 minutes. Stir the shallots and continue to cook, stirring, until well browned. Add the chard stems, garlic 12 teaspoons salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the stems are softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chard leaves and a splash of water and cook until wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, cool slightly and then stir in the dill.nAdd the chard mixture to the noodles and season with 34 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and drizzle with the remaining tablespoon olive oil. Place the baking dish in a large roasting pan and add enough water so it comes up the side of the pan about onethird of the way.nCarefully transfer to the oven and bake until the center is set, about 1 hour 20 minutes, tenting the kugel with foil when the noodles are golden brown and crisp. Let stand at least 5 minutes. Garnish with dill. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for greasing the dish, Kosher salt, 8 ounces wide egg noodles, 5 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup chicken or vegetable broth, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 bunch Swiss chard 12 ounces, stems finely chopped, leaves torn into small pieces and reserved separately, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh dill fronds, chopped, plus extra for garnish], title: Chard and Caramelized Shallot Noodle Kugel, picturelink: FFEJXZxBZcBLhxshmn43tPqiTSESrs6}, 32397: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll out the pizza dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12by16inch rectangle. Cut into 6by8inch quarters, then cut each quarter in half diagonally to make 8 triangles.nBrush each triangle of dough with marinara sauce, leaving a 12inch border all around sprinkle with mozzarella and parmesan reserve some of the sauce and cheese for topping. Layer a few pieces of pepperoni, olives andor mushrooms over the cheese, reserving a few pieces for topping. Slightly fold in the two far corners, then roll up the dough from the long side, like a burrito, until the filling is fully enclosed in a tube, pressing gently to seal.nCarefully insert a popsicle stick or wooden skewer into the center of each pizza roll and arrange on the prepared baking sheets. Brush the rolls with olive oil and more marinara sauce sprinkle with garlic, oregano and red pepper flakes. Press any extra filling ingredients onto the rolls. Sprinkle with more mozzarella and parmesan. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 13.8ounce package refrigerated pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 cup marinara sauce, 1 12cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 34 cup chopped pepperoni, black olives andor mushrooms, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of dried oregano, Pinch of red pepper flakes], title: Pizza on a Stick, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 32398: {instructions: Heat a 3 12quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and heat another 30 seconds. To the hot pan, add the shallots and fennel. Sweat, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until fragrant and beginning to soften, 2 minutes. Add the garlic and 14 teaspoon salt and cook another 2 minutes. Add the mussels and stir gently once or twice in order to coat in the oil. Add the beer and stir one more time. Cover with a tightfitting lid and cook until the mussels have opened, about 4 minutes, stirring halfway through. Discard any unopened mussels. Stir in the butter and tarragon and season with 14 teaspoon black pepper. Serve with slices of crusty bread to dip in the sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 small head fennel, diced small, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 pound mussels, washed and beards removed, 1 cup Italian beer, such as Peroni, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Mussels with Fennel and Italian Beer, picturelink: 8j.vb0lzM16n68BTJoHKURlCkag0NyG}, 32399: {instructions: In small sauce pan saute shallots and chopped garlic in oil. Once they are soft, but not brown, transfer to a onepint measuring cup. Add wine, bay leaves, thyme and peppercorns. In a nonreactive baking dish place squab, breast down, along bottom. Pour shallot marinade oven squab, cover, and refrigerate overnight. In a preheated 375 degree oven, place squab, breastside up in baking dish. Discard marinade. Roast squab for 40  50 minutes, or until juices of breast meat turn clear when you poke with a fork. Serve with roasted garlic and polenta.nFor the Roast Garlic and Sage Polenta: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. In bowl toss garlic in 1 tablespoon olive oil. Wrap loosely in aluminum foil and roast in oven for 30 minutes. Remove and let cool. Peel cloves. In large saucepan add chicken broth and garlic. Bring to a boil and let simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside, preferably overnight. Remove garlic from broth, set aside, and bring broth to a boil. Slowly add the cornmeal, whisking constantly until fully incorporated, and mixture thickens. Lower heat and cook polenta for 20 minutes, stirring periodically. Add butter, creme fraiche, sage, salt, and pepper just before serving. Stir well to incorporate. In large saute pan saute morels in remaining oil over a high heat. Serve with squab., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large shallots, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 cup Zinfandel, 2 bay leaves, 3 sprigs thyme, 10 to 15 black peppercorns, 6 young squab, 1 head garlic, separated into cloves, unpeeled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups strong chicken broth, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup creme fraiche, 10 leaves fresh sage, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 cups fresh morels, or 14 cup dried soaked in hot water to reconstitute and towel dried], title: Squab with Young Morels, Roast Garlic and Sage Polenta, picturelink: null}}