{32400: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18by13inch rimmed baking sheetnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 18by13inch rimmed baking sheet with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on at least 2 sides. Butter the foil.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder and salt in a medium bowl. Melt the butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently, then remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Stir in the sugar and eggs, then add the flour mixture and stir to combine. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with just a few crumbs adhering, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan on a cooling rack, then place in the freezer to firm up, about 30 minutes.nUse the foil overhang to help lift the brownie out of the pan and carefully flip it over onto a cutting board, making sure that it does not bend or crack. Peel the foil away from the bottom, then discard the foil and line the baking sheet with plastic wrap.nUsing a warm knife, trim the rough edges off of the brownie so it is even the brownie should be 16by12inches. Cut the brownie in half crosswise, resulting in 2 pieces that are 12by8inches. Lay one of the brownie pieces onto the prepared baking sheet, topside facing down. Working quickly, use a large ice cream scoop to spread the ice cream evenly across the brownie, getting close to the edge. Use an offset or rubber spatula to help smooth out the sides and top of the ice cream. Place the other brownie piece on top and gently press to create one large ice cream sandwich. Fold the plastic wrap around the assembled ice cream sandwich to help hold its shape, then return it to the freezer to harden, at least 6 hours or up to overnight.nUse a warm knife to cut twentyfour 2inchsquare ice cream sandwiches. Roll the edges of each sandwich into the chopped espresso beans until they stick to all of the exposed ice cream edges. Wrap each sandwich in parchment paper and enjoy., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the foil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, slightly beaten, 12 gallon coffee ice cream, softened, 1 cup chocolatecovered espresso beans, chopped], title: Mocha Brownie Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 32401: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the speck, or bacon, to the hot pan. The pan needs to be very hot so that the speck is crispy. When cooked through and crispy, remove the speck and let drain on paper towels.nGrate the potatoes on a mandoline adjusted to the julienne setting. Do not grate them ahead of time, or they will turn color. Wring the potatoes out with your hands to get rid of excess moisture. In a medium bowl, combine the shredded potatoes, thyme, pepper, and speck mixing with your hands. Add flour to the mixture to bind it. Form the potato mixture into 4 patties.nIn the same skillet, add enough oil for frying, plus the 2 tablespoons butter. Heat over high heat until oil is very hot. Add the potato cakes, making sure there is at least 12inch between them. Cook for several minutes on each side, until golden brown and crispy on all edges, and cooked through in the middle. The amount of cooking time will vary based on the thickness of the potato cakes.nRemove potato cakes from oil and let drain on paper towels. Season with salt while hot.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the creme fraiche, honey mustard, lemon juice, and horseradish. Add the cilantro and chives, and stir to combine. Just before serving, add the salad greens to the bowl, and toss.nTo plate, put 1 potato cake on each of 4 plates. Top each potato cake with 3 slices of smoked salmon. Add a pile of greens with dressing on top of the salmon. Sprinkle salads with pepper, and garnish with lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [14 pound speck, or bacon, cubed, 4 large russet potatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, 12 slices smoked salmon, Salad, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon honey mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon grated horseradish, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 2 cups mixed salad greens, such as dandelion, radicchio, and rocket, Freshly ground black pepper, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Potato Cakes with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 32402: {instructions: Empty a 12ounce bag of fresh or frozen cranberries into a saucepan and transfer 12 cup to a small bowl. Add 1 cup sugar, 1 strip orange or lemon zest and 2 tablespoons water to the pan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the cranberries are soft, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and cook until the cranberries burst, about 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the reserved cranberries.nFold in 34 cup sour cream and 1 to 2 teaspoons horseradish. Chill before serving.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: CranberryHorseradish Cream, picturelink: aEnnqPYx14kc.1oTzbRJhmbTM6GiHKu}, 32403: {instructions: Freeze cookie dough at least 1 hour.nHeat oven to 350degreesF. Cut chilled dough into 14inch slices. Return dough to freezer if it becomes too soft to cut. On ungreased cookie sheet, place slices 3 inches apart.nBake 8 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 2 minutes remove from cookie sheets to cooling racks. Cool completely, about 5 minutes.nIn small bowl, beat powdered sugar, butter and enough milk until smooth and desired spreading consistency. In small bowl, place half of frosting. Add red food color stir until blended.nFrost cooled cookies with red and white frosting. Use small amount of frosting to attach chocolate chips for eyes and cinnamon candy for nose. Gently press coconut into white frosting for beard. Press marshmallow into red frosting for tassel on cap. Let stand until frosting is set. Store between sheets of waxed paper in tightly covered container., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00aerefrigerated sugar cookies, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, softened, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, 2 to 3 drops red food color, 68 semisweet chocolate chips about 14 cup, 34 cinnamon candies, 23 cup coconut, 34 miniature marshmallows], title: Easy Santa Cookies, picturelink: null}, 32404: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nNOTES: You will need 4 parfait glasses or large wine glasses.nFor the mango salsa: Combine the fruit cups and remaining salsa ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nIn each parfait glass, layer 12 cup shredded lettuce, 14 cup lump crabmeat, and 2 tablespoons sour cream. Repeat layering to use up all ingredients.nServe with sliced limes on top., ingredients: [2 4ounce tropical fruit cups, drained about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 12 lime, juiced, 1 small jalapeno, ribs removed, seeded and minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded lettuce, 1 cup lump crabmeat, 14 cup sour cream, Lime, sliced for garnish], title: Crab Salad with Mango Salsa, picturelink: Vi24wjq14WRAguScLYGGrYNB8Bwziu}, 32405: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Line a broiler pan with foil and lightly brush with olive oil. Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon vinegar, the honey, red pepper flakes and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Put the salmon, skinside down, on the prepared pan and brush the tops and sides with the honey glaze. Broil until golden brown and just cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the garlic on a cutting board and sprinkle with a generous pinch of salt, then mash into a paste with the flat side of a large knife. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon vinegar, the olives and garlic paste in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until bubbling, about 3 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and add the tomatoes, celery and mint. Season with salt and toss to combine. Serve with the salmon. Per serving: Calories 433 Fat 26 g Saturated 4 g Cholesterol 97 mg Sodium 982 mg Carbohydrate 10 g Fiber 1 g Protein 38 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 4 6ounce salmon fillets about 1 14 inches thick, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 cup coarsely chopped pitted kalamata olives, 2 medium beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup sliced celery inner stalks with leaves, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint], title: Salmon With Warm TomatoOlive Salad, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 32406: {instructions: Cream butter and add sugar. Add 12 cup of flour mixing after each addition. Add remaining ingredients. Shape into a disk and then chill for 30 minutes. You can also put the dough in the freezer at this point.nBegin to roll the dough the dough so that it is about 14inch thick or a little more. Cut with cookie cutters. Place dough on parchment paper or a greased cookie sheet. I prefer using parchment paper. Its just easier.nPreheat oven to 350 degree F. Bake for 12 to 13 minutes or until the edges are a bit brown. You may need to lower your oven to 325 degrees F.nYou can also freeze or chill the dough in a log shape rather than a disk. If you do this, simply cut small rounds about 14 inch thick and place these rounds on the lined cookie sheet. These bake for 15 minutes. This works well, if you want to transport dough to a friends house and have kids form the cookies.nOnce the cookies come out of the oven, either cool them on the cookie sheet or move the parchment paper to a cookie rack. As the cookies cool, but before theyre fully cooled, sprinkle with confectioners sugar.nArrange on a plate and dont blink because theyll disappear before you open your eyes. Eat.nThats the classic Brown family cookie. Without it Christmas simply isnt Christmas. Sometimes I bring a batch from my Chicago home and that simply doesnt work. My sister and mother are upset that the house doesnt smell like Christmas...no cookie smell in the air. Im often required to make many batches...and the cookies are eaten at all timesnand for all meals.nThese were the cookies we left for Santa...He regularly gobbled them up, leaving only a few crumbs on the plate and a note that said, These are excellent cookies, the best Ive had. In retrospect, the writing looked an awful lot like my fathers... If theyre good enough for Santa, I think theyre good enough for anyone., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups sifted flour, 1 14 cups shaved Almonds not the slivered almonds, but the flat cuts, w bits of brown on them, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon salt, Confectioners Sugar for decoration], title: Viennese Vanilla Cookies, picturelink: null}, 32407: {instructions: Mix the almonds with 14 cup of the sugar in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring as the sugar melts and the almonds brown. Carefully spread the almonds on an ungreased baking sheet to cool, using a metal spatula the nuts will be very hot. When completely cooled, break the candied almonds into tiny pieces.nTear the iceberg and romaine lettuce into pieces and transfer them to a salad bowl. Cover and refrigerate if not serving immediately.nCombine the oil, vinegar, remaining 14 cup sugar, and the parsley, salt, pepper and cayenne in a bowl, and mix well. Chill covered, in the refrigerator, until ready to serve.nCombine the lettuce, sliced green onions, candied almonds and orange segments in a large salad bowl. Just before serving, toss the salad with enough dressing to coat the greens., ingredients: [1 cup sliced or slivered almonds, 12 cup sugar, 1 head iceberg lettuce, rinsed, 1 head romaine lettuce, rinsed, 1 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, Dash of black pepper, Dash of cayenne, 3 green onion scallion tops, thinly sliced, One 22ounce can mandarin oranges, drained and chilled], title: Sweet and Crunchy Garden Salad, picturelink: Xp5aYU5Bk6qUWRKF4rpcPcZsf3kJB2y}, 32408: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and mustard powder and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Whisk in the beer and bring to a simmer whisk in the halfandhalf until smooth. Return the sauce to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the cheese and horseradish until smooth keep warm.nForm the beef into four 6ounce patties, about 34 inch thick press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 12inchdeep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil, then grill the patties, indentationside up, until marked on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until marked and slightly firm, about 3 more minutes for medium doneness. Remove the patties to a plate and let rest 5 minutes. Grill the rolls, cutside down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nTop the bun bottoms with the burger patties, cheese sauce, tomato and chives. Cover with the bun tops.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon mustard powder, 34 cup beer, 12 cup halfandhalf, 6 ounces grated sharp yellow cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 12 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 poppy seed rolls, split, Tomato slices, for topping, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: BeerCheese Burgers, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 32409: {instructions: Combine the fruits in a bowl. Whisk together the lemon juice, sugar, and coconut milk in a small bowl. Toss the dressing with the fruit and the mint. Taste for sugar and lemon juice and chill until ready to serve, up to 10 hours., ingredients: [2 cups watermelon cubes, 2 white or donut peaches, pitted and cut into bitesized pieces use Bartlett pears, if peaches are out of season, 2 cups blueberries, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 12 cup canned coconut milk, 3 fresh mint leaves, julienned], title: Red, White, and Blueberry Salad, picturelink: null}, 32410: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker using simple syrup to sweeten to taste. Shake vigorously with ice. Pour into a chilled cocktail glass over ice., ingredients: [1ounce brandy, 1ounce rum, 12ounce Cointreau, 4 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice, Simple syrup, to taste, Serving suggestion: Garnish with fresh pomegranate seeds or an orange twist], title: Between the Sheets, picturelink: null}, 32411: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium heat in a large nonstick skillet with the garlic until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the fennel and onions and cook until brown and tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the thyme, rosemary, lemon and orange peel, pepper flakes, olives, and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and cook until herbs and zest are fragrant, about 3 minutes more. Transfer vegetables to a serving platter and cover with foil to keep warm.nWipe out the skillet.nMake 1inch diagonal slashes into the fishes skin to prevent the mackerel from curling while cooking. Add the remaining olive oil to the skillet over high heat and season the mackerel with salt and pepper. Place fish skin side down in the skillet and cook undisturbed until crisp brown and a spatula can easily be slipped under the fish to flip, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the fish over and cook another 2 minutes, until just firm. Set on top of the fennel mixture and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 medium fennel bulbs, halved, and thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 2 strips lemon peel about 2 12 inches long, 2 strips orange peel about 2 12 inches long, Pinch red pepper flakes, 13 cup black olives, such as Nicoise, 13 cup roughly chopped oil packed sundried tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce mackerel fillets, with skin], title: Mackerel with Fennel, Olives, and Sun Dried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 32412: {instructions: Season the beef with salt, and pepper. Melt a tablespoon of butter with a drizzle of the olive oil in a saute pan until hot, then sear the beef on all sides. Remove from the pan to a board, and let cool completely, then wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate.nIn the same pan as the beef, prepare the mushroom duxelles: Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and fry the shallots until translucent. Add the mushrooms, thyme, and bay leaf, and cook until very tender. Pour over the Madeira, and bring to a boil, and cook until all the liquid has evaporated. Add the creme fraiche and cook down to a very thick paste. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper. Stir through the chopped parsley.nRoll out one block of pastry to a rectangle large enough to fit the meat with a roomy border. Place on a baking sheet. Remove the fillet from the refrigerator, and unwrap. Spoon the mushroom mixture into the center of the pastry and set the meat on top. Roll out the second sheet to fit over the whole fillet generously. In a small bowl, beat together the egg and 1 teaspoon water. Brush the margins of the bottom pastry with egg wash, then drape the second sheet over, pressing to seal well. Trim the edge to a 1inch border. Crimp the edges with your fingers. Refrigerate until ready to bake.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBrush the whole surface of the pastry with egg wash and make two slits in the top with a knife to allow steam to escape. Bake 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F, and continue to bake 20 minutes, depending on how well you like your meat done. Remove from the oven and let stand about 10 minutes before serving in slices., ingredients: [1 13 pounds beef tenderloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, Olive oil, for drizzling, 2 shallots, minced, 1 pound mushrooms, very finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup Madeira, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 2 1 pound packages puff pastry or frozen puff pastry, thawed, Handful chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon water], title: Boeuf en Croute, picturelink: null}, 32413: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour to allow the flavors to blend. When you are ready to freeze, remove the vanilla pod from the base. Rinse the vanilla pod, dry it, and save it for another use. Pour into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions.nAlternately, pour 1 cup of the cold base into a sandwichsized plastic bag and seal with heavyduty tape to prevent the salty water from getting into the bag. Fill a 1gallon plastic storage bag half full of ice and add about 12 cup rock or sea salt. Put the smaller bag into the larger bag and seal. Put this bag into a large garbage bag and cover it with more ice and salt. Close the bag and toss around for 15 minutes. Make sure you wipe off all the salty water on the bag containing the finished ice cream before you open it., ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped], title: Good Ol Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 32414: {instructions: Cut the pasta sheets into 3by3inch squares. Brush one side of a pasta square with a small amount of egg, then place a piece of burrata in the center and top with a basil leaf. Season with salt and pepper, then top with one more pasta square to make a ravioli. Repeat to form a total of 16 ravioli for 3 portions. Allow the ravioli to set for 30 minutes in the fridge.nIn the meantime, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Bring the tomato sauce to a simmer in a separate saucepan.nAdd the ravioli to the boiling water and cook until tender, about 3 minutes.nAdd the olive oil to the tomato sauce and stir together. Add the ravioli to the pan with the sauce and cook for 1 more minute, adding the butter at the same time. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the ravioli among 3 plates and garnish with extra basil and the ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [Eight 6by6inch sheets fresh pasta, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 balls burrata, cut into 16 pieces total, 1 bunch fresh basil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 cups San Marzano tomato sauce, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Burrata Ravioli with Fresh Tomato Sauce, Parmigiano and Basil, picturelink: BGbFDl9MTVRnoWa8DkWMcILpg2vQ22C}, 32415: {instructions: Pulse the onion, celery, carrot, garlic and rosemary in a food processor until finely chopped.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped vegetables and cook, stirring, until softened and golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the veal, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, milk, 1 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the fettuccine as the label directs. Drain the pasta, then toss with half of the ragu about 3 cups. Top with parmesan. Reserve the remaining ragu to make stuffed peppers.nPer serving: Calories 484 Fat 12 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 48 mg Sodium 462 mg Carbohydrate 71 g Fiber 5 g Protein 25 gn, ingredients: [12 onion, 1 stalk celery, cut into 4 pieces, 1 small carrot, cut into 4 pieces, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground veal or turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 cup whole milk, 12 ounces fettuccine, Freshly grated parmesan cheese, for serving], title: Fettuccine With Quick Ragu, picturelink: null}, 32416: {instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together. Stir eggs into buttermilk and add to dry mixture. Melt butter inside heavy iron skillet. Coat skillet with butter on all sides. Pour remaining butter from skillet into cornbread batter and mix thoroughly. Pour the cornbread batter into hot skillet and bake in a 375 degree oven. Cook bread until it has a golden brown crust approximately 2530 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups yellow corn meal, 12 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 eggs, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 12 stick butter], title: Crusty Skillet Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 32417: {instructions: Blend half the butter with the chili paste and 14 teaspoon salt in a mini food processor until smooth.nCut a piece of parchment or wax paper about 12 inches long. Mound the butter on the parchment, shaping it into a rough 4 by 1inch rectangle. Set aside.nBlend the remaining butter with the cilantro and 14 teaspoon salt in the mini food processor until smooth. Mound the cilantro butter lengthwise alongside the chili butter. Fold the parchment over the butter. Holding the bottom parchment down with one hand, press a wooden spoon handle, sharpening steel, or pastry scraper up against the butter, pressing the top paper into the bottom of the butter mound so the paper becomes taut against the butter, shaping it into a tight log. Twist the ends of the paper like a party favor. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nSlice the butter into pats, unwrap and serve., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 to 2 teaspoons Asian chili paste, such as Sriracha, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Spiced Herb Butter for Corn, picturelink: null}, 32418: {instructions: Divide the bourbon and lemonade between 2 collins glasses. Top with the beer., ingredients: [2 ounces bourbon, 4 ounces lemonade, One 12ounce bottle or can lager beer], title: The End Zone, picturelink: H9eQssvxaOqxYE7Ms6sec4ifwjdV2Wq}, 32419: {instructions: For the chicken sofrito: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan and cover with water and sprinkle with seasoning salt. Roast in the oven, about 2 hours. Remove the chicken and let cool. Remove the chicken from the bone and place in a roasting pan with some chicken stock.nMeanwhile for the sofrito: Chop and blend the green peppers, onions, tomatoes, cilantro, garlic, red pepper and parsley in a food processor or blender. Pour the mixture into a large stock pot and cook slowly over low heat, about 1 hour. Remove the pot from the heat and cool. Add 1 cup sofrito to the chicken, or more if desired.nFor the roasted potatoes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the potatoes and onions on a sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with seasoning salt. Bake, about 12 minutes. Remove the sheet pan from the oven and stir the potatoes and onions with a spatula. Return to the oven and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nFor the kicky sauce: Meanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, garlic, lime juice, vinegar, cilantro, jalapenos and culantro in a food processor and blend until smooth.nFor assembly: Place the roasted potatoes in the bottom of a serving dish. Cover with the chicken sofrito and sprinkle with cheese and kicky sauce. Top with the bacon and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds bonein chicken breast, Seasoning salt, Chicken stock, 2 medium green peppers, seeds removed, 2 medium onions, peeled, 2 large tomatoes, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 1 head garlic, peeled, 1 red sweet pepper, seeds removed, 12 bunch fresh parsley leaves, 2 pounds potatoes, red, white or a combination of both, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 medium onions, cut into bitesize pieces, Olive oil, for drizzling, Seasoning salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup fresh garlic cloves, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 bunches fresh cilantro, 2 jalapenos, 1 bunch fresh culantro, Cheddar, for serving, 5 strips crisp bacon, for serving], title: The Kwanza Bowl, picturelink: null}, 32420: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, onion, garlic, peppers. Saute peppers, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Add asparagus and corn, cook 3 to 5 minutes longer. Add beans and heat them through, 1 or 2 minutes. Season dish with salt and pepper, to your taste, then stir in parsley. Transfer to dinner plates or bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 red onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bell peppers, yellow, red, andor green, seeded and chopped, 1 bunch asparagus, sliced on bias, tips 1 12 inches long, 2 cups frozen corn kernels, 1 can butter beans, drained, Salt and pepper, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Mediterranean Succotash, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 32421: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cupcake or muffin pan with 12 regularsize cupcake liners.nPlace the light cream and mint sprigs into a small saucepan and cook gently for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and leave to cool.nSift the flour, salt, and baking powder into a small bowl and set aside. Cream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric stand mixer until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the eggs while mixing on medium speed. Scrape down the sides of the bowl again and switch to low speed. Alternate adding the flour mixture and 1 cup of the mintinfused cream, beginning and ending with the flour. Reserve the remaining cream.nFinely chop the chocolate and mix into the batter by hand.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with batter and bake until lightly golden, about 26 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in their pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a cooling rack.nFor the buttercream: Beat the butter in the bowl of an electric stand mixer until pale. Add the mintinfused cream and continue beating. Reduce the speed to low and slowly add the confectioners sugar until a creamy, mediumstiff consistency is achieved.nTo assemble: Using a large, plain pastry tip, pipe the buttercream onto the cooled mint cupcakes. Garnish with a fresh mint leaf, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups light cream, 2 large sprigs fresh mint, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 3 12 ounces dark mint chocolate recommended: Ghirardelli, 1 pound unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons mintinfused light cream, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 12 fresh mint leave, for garnish optional], title: WINNER Mint Chocolate Chip and Fresh Mint Buttercream Cupcakes, picturelink: rHCtIVPLr2K3Juztfuj2GJXUA69XOC6}, 32422: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the sliced quinces in an ovenproof pan. Add the orange juice, vanilla bean, fennel seed, star anise, and sugar. Bring to a boil. Cover and put in the oven. Cook until when pierced with a small knife there is no resistance, about 20 minutes. Strain liquid into another pan and reduce by onehalf. Set aside reduced liquid and quinces.nCabbage: In a medium size pan, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add the red onions and sweat until soft. Add the cabbage and mix well. Let cook for 3 minutes, or until the cabbage has softened a bit. Deglaze with both vinegars and let reduce until dry. Add the port wine and reduce until almost all the port is gone. Add the red wine and reduce until just a little liquid remains. Season, to taste, and set aside.nVenison Sauce: Heat a heavyduty saucepan. Add the sugar and caramelize. Deglaze with vinegar and pepper. Reduce until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Add the port and reduce by 34, then add the red wine and reduce by 12. Add the stock and reduce until thick and syrupy. The sauce should coat the back of a spoon. Add the pomegranate molasses and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and set aside.nTo finish: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Season venison steaks with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and sear the venison on both sides. Place in the oven for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest over a wire rack.nTo serve: Reheat the quinces in the reduced orange juice with 1 tablespoon butter.nReheat the cabbage in 14 cup chicken stock and the remaining 3 tablespoons butter.nReheat the sauce and whisk in 1 tablespoon of butter, add the pomegranate seeds and season, to taste.nHeat 6 large dinner plates and place a mound of cabbage in the center. Leave 3 pieces of quince on cabbage at equal distance from each other. Slice the venison into 3 pieces against the grain. Place the venison between the quinces. Nap the plate with the sauce. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [3 fresh quinces, peeled and cut into 6 wedges, seeds removed, 1 12 cups fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 vanilla bean, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 2 star anise, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 red cabbage, sliced, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup raspberry vinegar, 2 cups port wine, 12 cup red wine, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 cup port wine, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup veal or chicken stock, 14 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, Salt and pepper, 6 6ounce portions venison loin, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Roasted Venison with Poached Quinces in a Vanilla Orange Broth, Sweet and Sour Cabbage and a Pomegranate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32423: {instructions: Peel jicama and cut in half. Finely chop half of jicama, or enough to measure 12 cup , and shred remaining half, or enough to measure 13 cup. Reserve any remaining for another use.nIn a small bowl stir together jicama, crab, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice, scallion, chili, tomato and 14 teaspoon garlic. Season seviche with salt and pepper.nHalve avocado, reserving half for another use. In small bowl with a fork mash remaining avocado, remaining 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, and remaining 14 teaspoon garlic with salt to taste until smooth. Seviche and avocado mixtures may be made 4 hours ahead and chilled separately, their surfaces covered with plastic wrap.nCut cucumber crosswise diagonally into 24 14inchthick slices. Top each cucumber slice with 12 teaspoon avocado mixture and 1 teaspoon seviche mixture. Yield: 24 hors doeuvres, serving 6nCORIANDER LIME SHRIMPn3 cups fresh lime juice 14 cup orange marmalade 3 large garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt 12 cup fresh coriander sprigs, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine 2 tablespoons olive oil 1 tablespoon soy sauce 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes 1 pound large 21 to 24 per pound shrimp, shelled, leaving tail and first shell section intact, and if desired, deveined Garnish: Fresh coriander sprigs COOKING LIVE SHOW CL8652nIn a measuring cup whisk together lime juice, marmalade, garlic paste, coriander, 1 tablespoon oil, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste and reserve 14 cup mixture in a small bowl or ramekin for dipping. In a large sealable plastic bag combine shrimp with remaining mixture and marinate, chilled, tossing occasionally to coat shrimp, 45 minutes.nDrain shrimp and lightly pat dry between paper towels. In a large nonstick skillet heat 1 12 teaspoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute half of shrimp until golden brown and cooked through, about 1 12 minutes on each side. Saute remaining shrimp in remaining 1 teaspoon oil in same manner.nGarnish shrimp with coriander sprigs and serve with reserved dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 small jicama, 14 pound lump crab meat about 34 cup, picked over and flaked, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion greens, 14 teaspoon finely chopped seeded habanero or jalapeno chili wear rubber gloves, or to taste, 1 plum tomato, seeded and chopped about 13 cup, 1 garlic clove, minced about 12 teaspoon, 1 ripe California avocado about 9 ounces, 1 seedless cucumber about 12 pound], title: Crab Jicama Seviche on Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 32424: {instructions: Pour the melted ice cream into an empty ice cube tray and freeze until frozen solid, about 2 hours. Transfer the ice cream cubes to 2 tall glasses and pour 12 cup coffee into each. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup melted vanilla ice cream, 1 cup cold coffee], title: Melted Ice Cream Iced Coffee, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 32425: {instructions: Put the bulgur in a medium bowl and add the boiling water. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand until the bulgur is tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl whisk the vinegar and sugar with a generous seasoning of salt and pepper until dissolved. Add the cucumber and onion, toss well and set aside to marinate for about 30 minutes.nIn a separate small bowl combine the yogurt and chili garlic sauce. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nDrain the bulgur and put into a large bowl. Add the turkey, hoisin, scallions, ginger, garlic and chopped cilantro and mix until just combined. Form into 4 equal sized patties.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until very hot. Lightly brush both sides of each patty with oil and place in the skillet. Cook, turning once, until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nDrain the pickled vegetables and toss with the whole cilantro. Spread some spicy yogurt sauce on the top and bottom of each bun and top with a burger patty and some pickles., ingredients: [14 cup bulgur wheat, 12 cup boiling water, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 seedless cucumber, sliced 18inch thick, 1 cup, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 1 teaspoon chili garlic sauce, 12 ounces lean ground turkey, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 clove garlic, grated, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, plus 14 cup whole leaves, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 4 whole wheat hamburger rolls], title: Asian Turkey Burgers, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 32426: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine ingredients in a large shallow baking dish or a bean pot stir to combine. Bake uncovered for 45 minutes. Stir, and cook for an additional 30 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 cans 28ounces baked beans, recommended: Bushs, 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded, deveined and cut into 14inch dice, 1 small onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup Big Bob Gibson Championship Red Sauce, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard], title: Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 32427: {instructions: Drain the yogurt in a coffee filter or cheese clothlined sieve, set over a bowl, until thickened to about 1 cup, about 2 hours.nHeat the oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the curry and cook, stirring, until fragrant about 30 seconds more. Set aside to cool.nIn a bowl, combine the drained yogurt, curry mixture, mayonnaise, chutney, scallion, hot sauce, lime juice, and coriander.nSeason with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with vegetables, crackers, or chips., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk yogurt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon Madras curry powder, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sweet mango chutney, finely chopped, 1 scallion white and green, thinly sliced, 2 dashes hot sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh coriander cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Curry Dip, picturelink: null}, 32428: {instructions: In a large glass or stainless steel container, mix salt into water, stirring thoroughly until dissolved. With wiremesh deep frying basket or other 14inch metal screen, gently separate eggs from egg sack over bowl, by rubbing sack along screen. Take care not to scrape membrane from the egg sack, even if it means leaving some eggs behind. Pour brine mixture over eggs and allow to soak 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Soaking times for other salmon species: Sockeye or Red: 6 minutes Pink or Humpy: 8 minutes Coho or Silver: 10 minutes King or Chinook: 14 minutes. While eggs soak, use tweezers to remove bits of membrane and broken eggshells. When soaking is complete, pour eggs into colander to drain. Rinse eggs quickly with cold water and drain for a few minutes. Cover colander with plastic wrap, place over bowl, allowing it to continue draining in refrigerator. After 8 to 12 hours, transfer the nowsticky eggs into glass bowl. Gently fold in just enough olive oil to make the individual eggs shiny and slick. Serving Suggestions: Salmon or red caviar prepared this way is much less salty than the commercial variety, allowing the sweet flavor of the fresh roe to emerge. Because of the lower salt levels however, it should be refrigerated and consumed within 3 to 4 days. Its mild flavor lends itself to serving with cream cheese and crackers. A traditional favorite is salmon caviar atop celery sticks stuffed with cream cheese. Salmon caviar is delightful when added to salads with creamy herb or ranchstyle dressing. This mild version of salmon caviar will be a welcome alternative to the more strongly flavored ikura salmon eggs used in Japanese sushi or sashimi., ingredients: [4 cups canning or pickling salt, 1 gallon cold water, 2 skeins egg sacks fresh chum salmon eggs Eggs of other salmon species may be substituted, but curing time will be different as noted below, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Fresh Chum Salmon Caviar, picturelink: null}, 32429: {instructions: Heat the cream gently in a heavybottomed pot over low heat. Add the chocolate, melt, and stir together with the cream. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly before using. This sauce can be refrigerated and gently reheated to be used again., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces goodquality semisweet chocolate, preferably Belgian or French, finely chopped], title: Fudge Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32430: {instructions: Cut the chuck into u00beinch pieces, or, to save time, have your butcher do this for you. Place the chuck in a large bowl. Season liberally with pepper about 20 turns of the pepper grinder and grey salt to tasteu2013 remember half of this will come off in the pan. Season with 12 teaspoon of the cinnamon, 1 teaspoon of the cumin, and 2 tablespoons of the chili powder. Mix this well and coat the meat with the masa harina this is a ground hominy flour common to Mexican cuisine and easily found in the Mexican food sections of many grocery stores. The flour will thicken the sauce and give it a specific, Mexican taste.nPreheat a cast iron Dutch oven on the stove over medium high heat. Add the olive oil and then the coated meat, spreading it evenly so it covers the bottom of the Dutch oven in 1 layer. Leave it alone, without turning it, so the meat will brown and caramelize. Meanwhile, add the lard. The meat has a lot of moisture in it, so a good amount of steam will come from the pan before it is caramelized. As it browns, slowly turn each piece with tongs. Once all sides are caramelized, remove the meat from the pan with a slotted spoon and place on a cookie sheet to cool, leaving juices in the Dutch oven to saute vegetables. Add the onions and garlic and saute for 5 minutes over medium heat until they start to caramelize and get soft. Add the jalapenos and allow to cook for 2 more minutes until soft. Add the tomato paste. Some of the same spices as were used on the meat will be used in the sauce. Add the remaining 2 teaspoons of the cumin, 1 teaspoon of the cinnamon, the oregano, and 2 heaping tablespoons of the chili powder. Add beer. Stir to incorporate everything. Add diced tomatoes, and stir. Then add the reserved meat. Add chicken stock. Simmer for 1 12 hours until meat is wonderfully tender. Strain juice from the black beans, add the beans to the chili pot and bring up to simmer. Then add chunks of bittersweet chocolate. Stir until it melts. Serve immediately or store in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [3 pounds beef chuck, Freshly ground black pepper, Gray salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, plus 2 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons chili powder, plus 2 tablespoons, Masa harina Mexican corn flour, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup lard Manteca, 4 red onions, peeled and minced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 4 jalapeno peppers, sliced thin with seeds, stems removed, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 to 3 12ounce bottles beer, 1 12ounce can diced tomato in juices, 1 quart chicken stock, 3 12ounce cans black beans, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into large chunks], title: Chiarello Chocolate Chili Con Carne, picturelink: null}, 32431: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAt the bottom of your lunch container, make the vinaigrette by whisking together the olive oil, Dijon, balsamic and some salt and pepper to combine. Then add in this order: the quinoa, chicken, bacon, avocado, blue cheese, tomatoes and enough lettuce to fill the container. Seal your lunch container and when ready to eat, shake to combine., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cooked quinoa, 1 cooked small chicken breast, chopped, 4 slices bacon, cooked and chopped, 1 avocado, sliced, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 12 tomato, diced, Romaine lettuce, for filling the lunch container], title: Quinoa Cobb Salad, picturelink: cNyfAVodxxs14FEBfnNT1pVtix5snJC}, 32432: {instructions: In a saucepan reduce balsamic vinegar until thick and malty. Place in a squirt bottle. In a large mixing bowl, place radicchio, spinach, endive, watercress and arugula. Toss until mixed well. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine shallots, asparagus and the tomato. Add just a touch of balsamic reduction and the olive oil. Mix to coat the vegetables.nOn a plate, place salad mix, then asparagus mixture, then carrot strips. Top with a light squirt of balsamic reduction and salt and pepper serve, ingredients: [3 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 head radicchio, julienned, 1 bunch fresh spinach, cleaned and chopped, 2 heads endive, julienned, 1 bunch watercress, 1 bunch arugula, cleaned and stems cut back, 6 shallots, diced, 24 spears pencil asparagus, blanched and refreshed, 3 plum tomatoes, quartered, 14 tablespoon olive oil, 1 carrot, peeled and shaved into strips with peeler], title: Asparagus Salad, picturelink: null}, 32433: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Halve the squash lengthwise and remove the seeds.nPlace on a baking sheet, cutside up. Roast the squash until softened, 30 to 40 minutes depending on size.nHeat a large, deep skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. Saute the garlic and onions until translucent. Add the tomatoes and simmer on low heat, about 45 minutes. In a large bowl, combine the turkey, bread, milk, Parmesan, basil and parsley and mix well. Form into 2inch meatballs.nHeat a few tablespoons of vegetable oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Panfry the meatballs until browned on all sides. Cook in batches if needed. Transfer the meatballs to the tomato sauce and simmer until cooked through.nUsing a fork, remove the squash flesh from the skin and stir the squash into the tomato sauce. Serve the squash topped with meatballs., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds spaghetti squash, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, One 16ounce can San Marzano diced tomatoes, One 16ounce can San Marzano tomato sauce, 2 pounds ground turkey meat, 1 loaf Italian bread, chopped, 1 cup milk, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 bunch fresh basil, large stems removed, chopped, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Turkey Meatballs with Spaghetti Squash in Tomato Sauce, picturelink: cjUJwzrhWVpM8h9OCj5SGaQnTA.MDaO}, 32434: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Ten 14cup ice pop moldsnCombine the honey and lemon juice in a small saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the honey dissolves, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool, about 5 minutes.nCombine the honeylemon mixture with the yogurt in a bowl, and then stir in the blueberries. Spoon the mixture into the ice pop molds and freeze until solid, about 3 hours., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Two 6ounce containers lemon or lemon chiffon lowcalorie nonfat yogurt 90 calories each, 1 12 cups blueberries], title: Honey Lemon Blueberry Ice Pop, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 32435: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the pineapple, water, vanilla, and sugar in a blender and process until smooth. Strain into a pitcher, pressing on the solids, to extract all the liquid. Discard the solids. Check the flavor, adding more sugar, if necessary. Serve chilled over ice., ingredients: [2 cups roughly chopped fresh pineapple, 3 cups water, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons sugar, or to taste], title: VanillaPineapple Water, picturelink: aKDGrGnfkPLd.q1WVsDnzLEH4NFAd0W}, 32436: {instructions: Combine all ingredients.nIn a bowl combine herbs, lemon juice and salt. Whisk in extravirgin oil. Toss with seafood salad., ingredients: [1 can hearts of palm, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 12 cup black olives, 12 cup green olives, 3 pounds medium shrimp, cooked, shelled, leaving tail connected, 34 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat  leafed parsley leaves wash and dry before chopping, 12 cup chopped fresh chives wash and dry before chopping, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, Coarse sea salt to taste plus additional for serving, 2 lemons, sliced thin for garnish], title: Chilled Seafood Salad with Herbed Olive Oil and Sea Salt, picturelink: null}, 32437: {instructions: In a 4 cup glass measuring cup combine the brown sugar, heavy cream and light corn syrup. Set aside in microwave until later.nTo cut oranges into supremes: remove rind and pith. Over a bowl to catch the juices, cut in between skins to release supremes. Squeeze juice from skins over supremes and toss with a bit of cardamom to taste. Set supremes in 4 dessert bowls.nWhen ready to eat microwave brown sugar mixture, uncovered at full power for 2 minutes. Whisk to blend, and cook 1 minute more until a bit thickened. Remove from heat and stir in butter. Immediately pour over oranges and garnish with pistachios. Sauce will thicken as it cools. Leftovers can be kept in the fridge for a week. To soften, microwave 30 seconds to a minute, uncovered., ingredients: [12 cup, packed dark brown sugar, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon butter, 8 Navel oranges, cut into supremes, Pinch cardamom, 12 cup finely chopped salted pistachios], title: Spiced Oranges with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32438: {instructions: Whisk together the soy, miso, honey, ginger, brown sugar and garlic until well combined. Put the wings into a resealable plastic bag and pour the marinade mixture over them. Seal the bag and squeeze it to coat the wings evenly. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or preferably overnight, up to 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a rack and spray it lightly with cooking spray.nRemove the wings from the marinade, shake off any excess and spread them evenly on the baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes.nTransfer to a serving platter and sprinkle the sesame seeds and scallions over the top. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup light soy sauce, 3 heaping tablespoons yellow miso paste, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 dozen chicken wings, separated at the joints, wingtips removed, Cooking spray, for greasing, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 2 scallions, sliced, for garnish, optional], title: Roasted Miso Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 32439: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cutternPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and gently mix until a dough just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter and pat into a 10by12by1inch rectangle. Use a 3inch round cutter to cut out biscuits. Reroll the scraps and cut again.nPut the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet, leaving a few inches between them, and brush the tops with cream. Bake until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Buttermilk Biscuits for French Toast, picturelink: null}, 32440: {instructions: Cut fish fillet into paperthin slices using the usuzukuri cutting technique: Place fillet horizontally on chopping board with skin side up and tail end to left, steadying that side with fingers of left hand. Hold very sharp, long, thinbladed pointed knife so that the top, blunt edge is inclined sharply to the right and, from the left side of fillet, start cutting paperthin slices. Keep the blade at an acute angle to achieve a clean cut across the grain. The fish is sliced in one drawing stroke. Let the weight of the knife do the work as you draw the blade back toward yourself. Keep fingers of left hand clear.nArrange fish slices on serving plate. On each slice dab a little grated garlic and place ginger spears and a few menengi or chives. Sprinkle sesame seeds over fish. Drizzle yuzu soy sauce over top of entire arrangement and garnish with carrot curl.nJust prior to serving, heat the New Style Oil in a small frying pan until just before it begins to smoke. Pour it over fish slices and serve.nThis recipe may also be followed using shellfish, beef or tofu.nCombine in small bowl.nCombine in small bowl., ingredients: [18 ounces red snapper fillet, 1 teaspoon finely grated garlic, 1 3inch knob ginger, peeled and julienned very thinly and plunged briefly in cold water, Menengi or chives, 2 teaspoons white sesame seeds, toasted, Yuzu Soy sauce, recipe follows, 1 carrot curl, for garnish, New Style Oil, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon yuzu juice best if fresh, but bottled available in Asian markets, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 6 tablespoons pure olive oil, 2 teaspoons sesame oil], title: New Style Sashimi, picturelink: null}, 32441: {instructions: Mix 6 tablespoons softened butter, 2 teaspoons chopped scallion and 1 teaspoon honey. Spread on split mini corn muffins and fill with sliced ham and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [], title: HamCornbread Tea Sandwich, picturelink: TYieKSnuWV9BldukNDkO31G0gW0Kwoi}, 32442: {instructions: Add the salt to the boiling water gradually sift in the cornmeal. Stir to combine. Cool the mixture in the refrigerator for 20 minutes. Shape into balls and then flatten to form patties about 2inches across. Heat the vegetable oil or bacon drippings in a skillet. Fry patties until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Turn once. Drain and serve hot.nTip: Spray hands with nonstick cooking spray to prevent batter from sticking when shaping the balls., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups boiling water, 1 14 cups white cornmeal, Vegetable oil or bacon drippings, enough to fill skillet 1inch deep], title: Scalded Corn Cakes, picturelink: null}, 32443: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk in soda into the flour until a pancake batter consistency is achieved.nBatter is then used for dipping vegetables and shrimp in prior to placing in 350 degree oil. Cook until they turn golden brown and float., ingredients: [2 cups rice flour, Soda water], title: Basic Tempura, picturelink: null}, 32444: {instructions: For the sauce: Put the oil and garlic in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Swirl until the garlic is just lightly browned and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes and 12 cup water. Bring to a high simmer, then reduce the heat to mediumlow. Add the torn basil leaves and 2 teaspoons salt and simmer, uncovered, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the meatballs: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and brush with oil.nBring a medium saucepan of water to a boil, then add the wheat berries and boil until plump and tender, about 30 minutes. Drain and set aside.nPut the lentils in a medium saucepan with 2 12 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until almost all of the water has evaporated and the lentils are soft, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, mushrooms, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring until soft and lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Add the tomato paste, soy sauce, vinegar and nutritional yeast and cook, stirring, until the liquid has evaporated and is slightly dry, about 2 more minutes. Let cool slightly. Clean out the skillet.nTransfer the onionmushroom mixture to a food processor. Add the cooked lentils, wheat berries and parsley leaves. Pulse until the mixture is combined and crumbly but not mushy.nPut the torn bread into a large bowl and cover with 14 cup of water. Let sit at least 5 minutes to soften. Using a fork, mash the soaked bread into a paste. Add the lentil mixture to the bowl with the mashed bread and mix by hand until fully incorporated. The mixture should hold its shape when squeezed gently.nShape the mixture by hand into 18 golfball sized meatballs. Place about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the meatballs are golden brown on the outside and dont crumble when gently pressed, 25 to 30 minutes.nTo serve, pour the sauce into a shallow serving bowl. Put the hot meatballs on top of the sauce and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, Small handful torn fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing the baking sheet, 13 cup wheat berries, 1 cup dry brown lentils, rinsed and sorted, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 teaspoons nutritional yeast, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 slices white bread or 1 hamburger bun, torn into small pieces], title: LentilMushroom Meatballs, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 32445: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt margarine and olive oil in skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic saute until translucent. Add spinach, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg and saute gently until tender. Remove from heat to cool.nSlit the salmon fillet into 2 pieces. Season lightly with white wine, salt and pepper. Place the spinach in the center. Roll in plastic wrap. Place in a triangle mold. Repeat with the other piece of salmon. Steam in the oven about 20 to 25 minutes.nMix the reduced balsamic vinegar, reduced orange juice, and extravirgin olive oil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss mixed greens in the dressing and plate with the sliced tomato., ingredients: [1 15ounce salmon fillet, skinned and deboned, 2 cups fresh spinach leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted margarine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pinch grated nutmeg, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, White wine, Tomato and Seasonal Greens Salad, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, reduced by 12, 14 cup orange juice, reduced by 12, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 cups seasonal greens mizuna, red oak lettuce, frisee, or mache, 1 medium tomato, thinly sliced], title: Triangles of Salmon with Spinach, Tomato, and Seasonal Greens, picturelink: null}, 32446: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat baking sheets lightly with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE shortening, brown sugar, granulated sugar and peanut butter in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended. Beat in egg and vanilla.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed until just blended. Form rounded teaspoonfuls of dough around each peanut butter cup. Enclose entirely. Place 2 inches apart on baking sheet.nBAKE 8 to 10 minutes, or until cookies are just browned. Remove immediately to cooling rack.nCOMBINE shortening, chocolate chips and peanut butter in microwavesafe measuring cup. Microwave on MEDIUM 50 power 1 minute. Stir. Repeat until smooth.nDIP cookie tops in chocolate. Let stand until chocolate is set., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 34 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 large egg, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 40 to 45 chocolatecovered miniature peanut butter cups, em, Glaze:, em, 1 tsp. Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 tsp. Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tbsps. Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter], title: Peanut Butter Secrets, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 32447: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag with large star tipnFor the dipping sauce: Bring the cream to a simmer in a small saucepan. Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Add the hot cream to the bowl with the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute. Gently whisk until smooth. Stir in the coffee liqueur and vanilla extract. Keep warm. For the churros: Whisk together the flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, the cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, the nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. Bring 1 12 cups water, the pumpkin puree, butter and vanilla to a boil in a medium saucepan, whisking constantly. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the bowl with the flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until just combined it will be thick. Continue mixing and add in your eggs, one at a time, until well combined. The dough should be thick and smooth. Place the dough into a pastry bag with a large star tip. Heat 2 inches of canola oil in a highsided saute pan until it reaches 350 degrees F on a candy or fry thermometer. Pipe the dough directly into the pan in 3inch pieces, cutting off the pieces with a scissor. Fry until golden and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir together the sugar and remaining 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon in a medium shallow bowl. Transfer the churros to a papertowellined baking sheet or plate to drain the oil and immediately toss in the cinnamonsugar mixture. Dip in the chocolatecoffee dipping sauce to serve., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, plus more for finishing, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 cup pure pumpkin puree, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 34 cup pure cane granulated sugar, for rolling], title: Mini Pumpkin Churros ChocolateCoffee Dipping Sauce, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 32448: {instructions: Bring the chicken stock to boil in a saucepan. Add the mulukhiyya, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes to dissolve the herb. Heat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add garlic cloves and cook for 2 minutes to 3 minutes, then add the mixture to the stock. Stir in coriander and cumin, cook for 2 minutes, then add the mixture to the stock. Stir in the juice of the lemon and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the soup for 8 minutes. Divide the cooked rice among 8 bowls, ladle the soup over the rice and serve., ingredients: [5 cups chicken stock, 2 1 pound packages mulukhiyya, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 minced garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Juice of two lemons, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup cooked longgrain rice], title: Mulukhiyya, picturelink: null}, 32449: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vinegar, basil, sugar, 12 teaspoon of salt, 14 teaspoon of pepper and oil in a blender and blend until smooth. Can be made 2 hours in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before using.nCombine the corn kernels, onion and tomato in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat, season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature 30 minutes before serving. Top with crumbled blue cheese and garnish with basil sprigs just before serving. Salad can be made 1 day in advance and served cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 ears corn, grilled in the husk, kernels removed, 1 sweet onion such as Vidalia or Walla Walla, halved and thinly sliced, 1 pint Sweet 100 tomatoes or cherry tomatoes, halved, 8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, Fresh basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Corn and TomatoSweet Onion Salad with Fresh Basil Dressing and Crumbled Blue Cheese, picturelink: GfFAX2GkmpmxiIxJCXlqNGhnys0WGtm}, 32450: {instructions: Remove leg and thigh bone from each chicken leg, leaving meat and skin intact. Season with salt and pepper and refrigerate until mousse is ready. Grind the chicken breast meat twice through a meat grinder and place in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process with the egg white until mixture is smooth, then place in a bowl over ice. When mixture is thoroughly chilled, beat in whipping cream 12 cup at a time. Season with salt, pepper, soy sauce, and brandy. To test for flavor, poach a small spoonful of the mousse in simmering water. Taste and adjust seasoning and consistency. Add the drained seaweed.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the chicken legs out skin side down and place 12 cup of mousse in the center of each. Wrap each leg around mousse and place close together in a 2 inch deep pan for poaching. Heat the chicken stock to boiling and pour over all the legs. Cover pan with foil. Bake 30 to 40 minutes, or until chicken and mousse are cooked through. Transfer chicken to a platter, reserving the chicken stock. Remove skin and cover with a damp towel. Keep warm until serving time.nStrain the reserved chicken stock into a saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce to 1 cup. Add cream, soy sauce, and lemon juice, and return to a boil. Thicken sauce with cornstarch and keep warm.nFry rice noodles in small batches in vegetable oil and drain well.nTo serve, line individual plates with crispy fried rice noodles and top with a piece of chicken.nSpoon sauce over top and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [6 chicken legs and thighs attached, 34 pound chicken breast meat, skinless and boneless, 1 egg white, 1 to 1 12 cups whipping cream, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brandy, 12 cup drained seaweed soaked in water and squeezed dry, 3 cups wellseasoned chicken stock, 34 cup whipping cream, Soy sauce to taste, Juice of half a lemon, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 14 cup water, Rice noodles, Vegetable oil for frying, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Mai Fun City Chicken, picturelink: null}, 32451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients in a large resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the marinade, reserving 14 cup for Glaze and put the chicken in a 13by9inch pan and bake for 45 minutes. Baste with the Glaze, turn the pieces over and bake for an additional 15 to 25 minutes, basting every 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and arrange the chicken on a serving platter.nIn a small saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil is hot add the shallots and ginger and saute for 3 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and reduce heat to a low simmer. Cook for 15 minutes. Baste the chicken with the glaze after 45 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds bonein chicken thighs, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, about 2 oranges, 2 tablespoons grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon chiffonade fresh mint leaves, 1 12 tablespoons chiffonade basil leaves, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, Glaze, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 cup orange marmalade look for marmalade with small rinds, 14 cup sweet chili sauce, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup reserved marinade, strained], title: Citrus Chicken, picturelink: gSCNCpgkXwho5KCpT4k2S4DDFN6D1a}, 32452: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 sheet pans 18 by 13 inches each and a mandoline or vegetable slicernPosition the oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nMake the scones. Whisk the flour, 1 tablespoon of the parmesan, the baking powder, 14 teaspoon of the thyme, 14 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper together in a large bowl. Add 34 cup of the cream and stir with a wooden spoon until the dough just comes together. Gather the dough into a ball, transfer it to a floured surface and pat into a 1inchthick square. Cut into 4 equalsized square biscuits, reshaping if necessary, and transfer to a plate to chill.nCut the carrots into 1 12inch chunks on the bias, halving any larger pieces to keep them all roughly the same size.nLine one sheet pan with parchment paper and spread the carrots on half. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a small bowl in the microwave. Drizzle the carrots with the butter and 12 teaspoon salt and toss to coat. On the other side of the tray, toss the asparagus with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper and spread it evenly. Bake on the bottom rack until the vegetables are just beginning to become tender, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice the potatoes into 18inchthick rounds with a mandoline or a vegetable slicer and place in a medium skillet with a lid. Stir the remaining 1 cup heavy cream, the garlic, the remaining 14 teaspoon chopped thyme, 34 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper together in a measuring cup or bowl and pour over the potatoes. Bring to a boil over medium heat, cover the pan, and lower the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring only occasionally, until the potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife and the cream has thickened, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside, covered.nRemove the carrots from the oven and spoon the marmalade over them, stirring until completely coated. Turn the asparagus spears and return the baking sheet to the oven.nButter 13 of the clean sheet pan. Spoon half the potato slices into an even, overlapping layer on the buttered area and sprinkle evenly with 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan. Top with the remaining potato slices, spoon any remaining cream over, and sprinkle with the Gruyere and remaining tablespoon of Parmesan.nArrange the ham slices in a single overlapping layer down the center of the sheet pan, leaving an empty space for the biscuits. Mix the brown sugar and pineapple syrup together in a small bowl and heat in the microwave for 30 second increments, stirring in between until the sugar has melted. Spoon the glaze onto the ham slices and spread it with the back of a spoon to cover. Cut the pineapple rings in half and lay a piece on top of each ham slice. If using, place a maraschino cherry half in the center of each pineapple slice and pin it down with a clove. If not, pin the pineapple to the ham with the clove.nEvenly space the chilled biscuits on the tray and brush the tops with cream. Place the tray on the higher rack of the oven. Cook both trays until the potatoes are brown and crusty on top, the carrots are glazed and fully cooked, the asparagus is tender and lightly browned, the scones are golden, and the ham and pineapple are warmed through, about 20 minutes.nTo serve: Stir the carrots and grate the hardboiled egg over the asparagus. Divide evenly among 4 plates. Serve with lemon wedges and mustard on the side., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons Parmesan, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 34 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing biscuits, 1 pound medium carrots, peeled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing pan, 2 small bunches thick asparagus, tough ends snapped off, bottom half of stalks peeled about 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes about 2, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 12 cup shredded Gruyere cheese about 1 12 ounces, Three 7 to 8ounce ham steaks, halved crosswise, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 slices canned pineapple in heavy syrup, plus 1 teaspoon of the syrup, 3 maraschino cherries, halved optional, 6 whole cloves, 1 hardboiled egg, 4 lemon wedges, Mustard, for serving], title: Easter Dinner on Two Sheet Pans, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 32453: {instructions: Chocolate pudding:nSift the first 5 ingredients into the cold halfandhalf, whisk well to homogenize. Begin to heat while stirring constantly to 180 degrees F. Add chocolate and cook, stirring, for 1 full minute. Pass through a strainer and pour directly into dishes already containing the devils food cake pieces, then place plastic wrap directly on surface. Cool immediately in refrigerator.nDevils Food Cake:nPreheat oven to 360 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl with the whip, whisk the eggs and sugar until it reaches the ribbon stage. Whisk in the vanilla extract and mayonnaise. Add the dry ingredients alternating with the water. Mix only until combined. Do not over mix. Spread onto a quarter size sheet tray which has been sprayed with nonstick spray.nThe cake is ready when it springs back when touched. When cooled, use a circular cookie cutter and cut out circles to place in the bottom of molds. Make the depth of the cake approximately 12 the depth of your molds.nCandied Rose Petals:nHeat your oven to 200 degrees F.nBrush petals in egg whites, remove excess white and dredge in granulated sugar. Place petals on a sheet tray and insert into the oven. Turn the oven off and allow them to crisp but not color. Break into pieces reserving the best looking ones for garnish.nPlace fresh whipped cream on top of the devils food cake covered with chocolate pudding then garnish with candied rose petals., ingredients: [13 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, sifted, 1 vanilla bean, 4 cups halfandhalf, 2 ounces chocolate recommended: Manjari, 3 eggs, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 34 cups pastry flour, sifted, 1 18 teaspoons baking soda, sifted, 12 teaspoon baking powder, sifted, 34 cup cocoa powder, sifted, 12 teaspoon salt, sifted, 1 cup water, 10 rose petals, 2 egg whites, 12 cup granulated sugar, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Chocolate Pudding with Candy Roses, picturelink: d1rhtLaiTqdfWH.0e1rzvwwWpQnXqC}, 32454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl combine the bread crumbs, parsley, egg, milk, cheese, sundried tomatoes, salt, and pepper, Stir to combine. Add the lamb and stir until incorporated. Divide the mixture into 6 1inch thick burgers. Place the slices of prosciutto on a cutting board or piece of parchment paper. Place 1 lamb burger in the center of each slice of prosciutto and wrap the prosciutto around the burger.nPlace a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and heat for 2 minutes. Place the lamb burgers, prosciuttocovered side down in the pan and cook over medium heat until the prosciutto is golden, about 6 to 8 minutes. Turn the burgers and finish cooking, about 6 to 8 minutes more.nRemove the burgers from the pan and place on a serving platter or individual plates. Top each burger with 2 to 3 basil leaves, 1 to 2 slices of tomato, and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup plain dried bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf Italian parsley, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 14 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground lamb, 6 large slices prosciutto, sliced mediumthin for wrapping the burgers, 14 cup olive oil, Fresh basil leaves, for topping each burger, Fresh tomato slices, for topping each burger, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling], title: Prosciutto Lamb Burgers, picturelink: E8HUg5WFfYmv0h6Xn76aWY8VP35Aq}, 32455: {instructions: In a large stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until softened, but not browned. Add the wine and continue cooking until volume is reduced by half. Add the celery root and potatoes. Cover with stock or water by 1inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to a low simmer, and cook until potatoes are very tender. Using an immersion blender, puree the vegetables until very smooth. Add the cream and return to a simmer. Stir constantly at this point the soup can burn easily. Season with salt, white pepper, and lemon juice, to taste.nMeanwhile, place the diced potato and celery root in a separate large saucepan and cover with cold water. Season with salt and bring to a simmer. Cook until just tender and then strain and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add scallops and sear until golden brown on both sides. Remove scallops from skillet and set aside. Ladle some of the soup base into the skillet to deglaze, scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, and then scrape back into the large pot of soup. Add the scallops into the soup and keep warm over low heat.nMeanwhile, in another large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add pears and chestnuts and saute until just beginning to brown. Season with nutmeg, to taste. Set aside.nDivide the diced, cooked potato and celery root evenly among soup bowls. Ladle the soup into the bowls and sprinkle with pears, chestnuts, and cheese. Serve with crusty bread or toast.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons butter, 2 medium Spanish onions, sliced, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 bottle Sakonnet Fume Vidal wine, 5 to 6 celery roots, peeled and quartered, 5 to 6 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, Chicken broth or water, to cover, 1 14 cups heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, Lemon juice, to taste, 1 celery root, peeled and diced, 2 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds medium size, dry packed sea scallops, 3 to 4 Bartlett pears, peeled and diced, 2 pounds chestnuts, roasted and coarsely crushed, Pinch nutmeg, 1 pound feta cheese or blue cheese, crumbled, Crunchy bread or toast, accompaniment], title: Chowder of Scallops, Celeriac, and Potato with Caramelized Pear and Roasted, Crushed Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 32456: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel the squash. Cut each squash lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Cut each squash crosswise into half moons.nSprinkle with salt and pepper and brush with a thin coat of olive oil.nLay squash on a cookie sheet and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, turning once, or until tender to the touch and golden., ingredients: [1 medium butternut squash, 1 medium acorn squash, Coarse grain salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil], title: Baked Squash Rings, picturelink: null}, 32457: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason each short rib generously with salt. Coat a pot large enough to accommodate all the meat and vegetables with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Add the short ribs to the pan and brown very well, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Do not overcrowd pan. Cook in batches, if necessary.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWhile the short ribs are browning, puree all the vegetables and garlic in the food processor until it forms a coarse paste. When the short ribs are very brown on all sides, remove them from the pan. Drain the fat, coat the bottom of same pan with fresh oil and add the pureed vegetables. Season the vegetables generously with salt and brown until they are very dark and a crud has formed on the bottom of the pan, approximately 5 to 7 minutes. Scrape the crud and let it reform. Scrape the crud again and add the tomato paste. Brown the tomato paste for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the wine and scrape the bottom of the pan. Lower the heat if things start to burn. Reduce the mixture by half.nReturn the short ribs to the pan and add 2 cups water or until the water has just about covered the meat. Add the thyme bundle and bay leaves. Cover the pan and place in the preheated oven for 3 hours. Check periodically during the cooking process and add more water, if needed. Turn the ribs over halfway through the cooking time. Remove the lid during the last 20 minutes of cooking to let things get nice and brown and to let the sauce reduce. When done the meat should be very tender but not falling apart. Serve with the braising liquid., ingredients: [6 bonein short ribs about 5 34 pounds, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 ribs celery, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 carrots, peeled, cut in 12 lengthwise, then cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 12 cups tomato paste, 2 to 3 cups hearty red wine, 2 cups water, 1 bunch fresh thyme, tied with kitchen string, 2 bay leaves], title: Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 32458: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the dressing: Put the soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, brown sugar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, garlic and 23 cup of the olive oil into a blender. Blend until completely emulsified. Taste the dressing and adjust to your taste, adding more vinegar or sugar as needed. Pour half of the dressing into a jar and refrigerate for the salad.nPut the tofu cubes into a bowl and pour over the remaining dressing. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour.nRemove the tofu from the dressing and pat dry. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the tofu on all sides until nicely browned and crisp, about 10 minutes. Toss in the sesame seeds and cook for another minute. Remove to a paper towellined plate.nTo assemble the salad, put the mixed greens, halved tomatoes and sliced onion in a large bowl. Pour on half the remaining dressing, reserving the rest for later use. Toss to coat. Arrange the tofu and mandarin oranges all over the greens. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, plus more if needed, 34 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, One 14ounce package extrafirm tofu, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, One 10ounce package mixed greens, 1 cup red grape tomatoes, halved, 12 red onion, very thinly sliced, One 11ounce can mandarin oranges, drained], title: Sesame Tofu Salad, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 32459: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning, until crisp, 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towel linedplate with a slotted spoon, reserving 1 tablespoon drippings in the skillet. Let cool slightly, then chop.nMeanwhile, soak the shallots in the vinegar in a small bowl. Puree the avocado, buttermilk, tarragon and 12 teaspoon salt in a blender set aside.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the reserved bacon drippings in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned, about 2 12 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the chicken is cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board chop.nCombine the spinach, grapes and the shallots in vinegar in a large bowl. Add the avocado dressing and toss to coat season with salt and pepper. Top each serving of salad with chicken, bacon and pepitas., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 avocado, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, Kosher salt, 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 10 ounces each, Freshly ground pepper, 10 ounces baby spinach about 7 cups, 1 12 cups seedless red grapes, halved, 14 cup salted roasted pepitas hulled pumpkin seeds], title: SpinachBacon Salad with Chicken, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 32460: {instructions: In a bowl stir together the cottage cheese, pickles, celery leaves, and Worcestershire sauce. Spread mixture on celery stalks., ingredients: [12 cup cottage cheese, 13 cup diced sweet salad pickles, 1 tablespoon chopped celery leaves, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 6 celery stalks], title: Slim and Trim Stuffed Celery, picturelink: null}, 32461: {instructions: In a heavy bottom saucepan over low heat, melt the chocolate chips with the sweetened condensed milk and the salt. Remove from the heat, stir in the nuts, if using, and the vanilla. Spread evenly into a foillined 8 or 9inch square pan. Chill for 3 hours, or until firm. Remove the fudge from the pan and place onto a cutting board. Remove the foil from the bottom of the fudge and cut into squares. Store, covered, in the refrigerator or freezer., ingredients: [2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup chopped nuts, optional, recommended: toasted, salted walnuts, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Fabulous Fudge, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 32462: {instructions: Soak the sauerkraut in a bowl of warm water. Cover the potatoes with water in a small saucepan and simmer over medium heat until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and keep warm.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Prick the sausages with a fork and add to the pot along with the pork cook until browned on one side, about 4 minutes. Turn the meats and add the onion, garlic, coriander, juniper berries, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the onion is golden brown, about 6 minutes. Add the apple and cook 2 more minutes.nDrain the sauerkraut, then add to the pot along with the wine and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer 10 minutes, then uncover and cook until thickened, about 5 more minutes. Transfer the sauerkraut, meats and potatoes to a platter. Top with the parsley and serve with mustard.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 1pound bag sauerkraut, rinsed, 8 small fingerling or redskinned potatoes, halved if large, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 ounces turkey kielbasa or chicken sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 6ounce boneless smoked pork chop, trimmed and sliced, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed, 1 teaspoon juniper berries available in the spice aisle, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 apple, grated, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Wholegrain mustard, for serving], title: Sausage and Kraut, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 32463: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the paper baking cups into the cupcake molds.nMelt the chocolate in adding it to a small glass bowl set over a simmering saucepan of water and stirring until it melts. Stir in the milk to thin it out a bit.nFollow the package instructions and prepare the vanilla cake mix. Blend the cake mix with 3 eggs, 23 cup milk, and 12 cup oil. Pour 12 the mix in a separate bowl. Mix the melted chocolate into one of the bowls and stir for a couple of minutes, until you have reached a nice dark colored mix.nIn each cupcake mold, use 12 vanilla and 12 chocolate mix, bake for 20 to 25 minutes.nServe with a sprinkle of confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 16.2 ounce box organic vanilla cake mix recommended: Dr. Oetker, 3 eggs, 23 cup whole milk, 12 cup oil, 4 ounces 72percent dark chocolate, chopped, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Organic Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 32464: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper and set aside.nAdd the cheese, flour, butter, salt and BBQ mix to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the cream and pulse until a ball forms.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough out to 14 to 18inch thick. Cut the dough with a sharp knife into 14inch wide strips. Transfer to the prepared sheet pans, leaving space between them, and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Flip the pans once halfway through the cooking time. Cool completely on the sheet pans.nBYOC: If your friends are the spicy type, try adding a pinch or 2 of cayenne. If you want to get the kids involved, omit the BBQ spice, have them paint the straws with egg wash before you bake them and add some sesame seeds or poppy seeds., ingredients: [1 12 cups coarsely grated extrasharp Cheddar, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon BBQ seasoning mix, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: BBQ Cheese Straws, picturelink: DNWCp8g9TshXxz35uswaKXL2.VV4i}, 32465: {instructions: For the Filling: Combine all the containers of pudding in bowl. Add green food coloring and stir. Spoon the green pudding into individual pie shells. Refrigerate.nFor the Meringue: Beat egg whites, lemon juice, and dash of salt. Slowly add sugar while beating. Beat until medium to stiff peaks form.nRemove pies from refrigerator. Top individual pies with spoonful of meringue. Form peaks using a butter knife. Toast top of meringue with a brulee torch. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 containers vanilla pudding, Green food coloring, 4 individual graham cracker pie shells, 4 egg whites, 12 lemon, juiced, Pinch salt, 1 cup sugar], title: Ghoulish Cream Pies, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 32466: {instructions: Make 2 cups simple syrup, adding 14 cup dried lavender before heating. Let cool, then strain into an icefilled pitcher. Stir in 2 cups each fresh orange juice and water, and strips of orange zest.nSimple Syrup: To make 2 cups simple syrup, bring 1 12cups each sugar and water to a boil, stirring until dissolved. Let cool.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Lavender Orangeade, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 32467: {instructions: Fill a bowl with water, to chill caramel if it starts to burn. Insert a stick into apples. Place sugar, syrup, and water in a saucepan and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Then, do not stir until the color is a deep amber. Remove from heat. Using a clean wooden spoon, beat in butter then stir in cream and salt. Dip apples and place on waxed paper until hard.nIn a crock pot combine caramel and water. Cover and cook on high for about 1 to 1 12 hours. Turn control to low dip apples and cool on waxed paper., ingredients: [4 medium apples, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 12 cup water, 1 cup or 2 sticks butter, cut in pieces and at room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, Pinch salt, 2 packages caramels, 28 ounces, 12 cup water, 8 apples, Sticks to pierce apples chopsticks are fine], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 32468: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine ricotta cheese, chocolate chips, and 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, and sweetener, and mix well.nSplit hot dog bun open lengthwise, without fully separating the 2 halves. Spoon ricotta mixture onto the bottom half of the bun. Gently press the top 12 down over the filling. Carefully slice into 4 nuggets.nMix egg substitute, cinnamon, and remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla extract in a small bowl. Set aside.nBring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat. Add butter and allow to coat the bottom of the skillet. Meanwhile, coat each nugget on all sides with the egg mixture. You wont need to use all of the egg mixture.nOnce butter has melted, place nuggets in the skillet and, flipping occasionally, cook until golden brown on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes.nPlate your nuggets and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Top with syrup, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 tablespoons fatfree ricotta cheese, 2 teaspoons mini semisweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 nocalorie sweetener packet, 1 light hot dog bun about 80 calories, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons light whipped butter or light buttery spread, 12 teaspoon powdered sugar, Sugarfree pancake syrup, for topping, optional], title: CannoliStuffed French Toast Nuggets, picturelink: null}, 32469: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLift the morels carefully from the hot water in order to leave any grit behind in the liquid. Rinse a few times to be sure all the grittiness is gone. Discard the liquid and dry the morels lightly with paper towels. Set aside.nSprinkle the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Dredge them in flour and shake off the excess. Heat half the clarified butter in a large saute pan and cook the chicken in 2 batches over mediumlow heat until browned on both sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to an ovenproof casserole.nAdd the rest of the clarified butter to the pan along with the shallots, drained morels, and garlic. Saute over medium heat for 2 minutes, tossing and stirring constantly. Pour the Madeira into the pan and reduce the liquid by half over high heat, 2 to 4 minutes. Add the creme fraiche, cream, lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 3u00bf4 teaspoon pepper. Boil until the mixture starts to thicken, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour the sauce over the chicken and bake for 12 minutes, or until the chicken is heated through. To make ahead, refrigerate the chicken and sauce in the casserole and reheat slowly on top of the stove., ingredients: [1  ounce dried morels, soaked for 30 minutes in 3 cups very hot water, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 u00bf4 cup clarified butter, 1 u00bf3 cup chopped shallots 2 large, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 1 cup Madeira wine, 1 cup 8 ounces creme fraiche, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Chicken with Morels, picturelink: null}, 32470: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 8 minutes drain on paper towels.nWhisk the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, sugar and celery seeds in a large bowl until combined. Slice the apples into matchsticks, then add to the bowl with the dressing along with the celery, carrots, walnuts, raisins, parsley and bacon. Season with salt and pepper and toss.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 2 apples such as Gala or Fuji, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, shredded, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Waldorf Slaw with Bacon, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 32471: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inch loaf pan with parchment paper, and lightly oil the exposed ends of the pan. Spread the zucchini over a few layers of paper towels, cover with a few more layers, and use your palms to press out excess moisture. Set aside while you prepare the batter.nWhisk the almond milk, maple syrup and chia seeds in a medium bowl to combine set aside for 10 minutes or until liquid has thickened.nSift the coconut flour, millet flour, oat flour, baking powder, cinnamon and baking soda into another medium bowl. Add the almond meal and whisk to combine set aside.nAdd the eggs, oil, vanilla, vinegar and salt to the chia mixture, and whisk until evenly combined. Set aside about 14 cup of the zucchini, and stir the remainder into the chia mixture. Add the flour mixture, and stir with a spatula until evenly combined. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan. Spread the remaining zucchini over the top, and sprinkle with chopped almonds.nBake until a toothpick comes out clean, 1 hour. Let cool for 20 minutes in the pan before turning out., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the pan, 1 12 cup grated zucchini, 12 cup almond milk, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 3 tablespoons chia seeds, 14 cup coconut flour, 14 cup millet flour, 14 cup glutenfree oat flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 cups almond meal, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 14 cup raw almonds, roughly chopped], title: GlutenFree Zucchini Bread with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 32472: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil. Add the onions, carrots, mushrooms, garlic, sriracha, soy sauce and lime juice. Cook until the vegetables are softened, stirring frequently.nRemove from heat and transfer to a mediumsized bowl. Add the cilantro and allow the mixture to cool.nIn a small bowl combine the egg white and cornstarch. This will be used as an egg wash.nPreheat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nOn a flat work surface, lay out 1 egg roll wrapper. Add a layer of vegetables to the lower part of the wrapper and top with 1 strip of tuna. Brush the sides of the wrapper with egg wash and roll up tightly once, bringing the sides over, and then continue to roll until finished. Put the roll on a large plate and repeat with remaining wrappers and filling.nFry the egg rolls, in batches, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove egg rolls to paper towels to drain. Transfer the rolls to a serving platter, garnish with scallions and orange slices and serve with Citrus Dipping Sauce.nIn a small bowl, mix all ingredients and reserve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 red onion, sliced thin, 1 carrot, peeled and julienned, 12 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon garlic, 1 teaspoon sriracha or hot sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 egg white, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 10 egg roll wrappers, 1 pound fresh yellowfin tuna, cut into 12 by 3inch strips, Scallions, for garnish, Orange slices, for garnish, Citrus Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 3 oranges, juiced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons sliced scallion, Pinch red pepper flakes, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch coarse ground black pepper], title: Spicy Tuna Rolls, picturelink: null}, 32473: {instructions: Make the doughnuts: Add the first 6 doughnut ingredients to a large bowl and stir to combine.nAdd the flour and salt and stir or mix with your hands until the dough comes together it will still be wet and sticky.nOn a wellfloured surface, knead and shape the dough into a thick disk transfer it to a bowl thats greased with oil or cooking spray and let it rest in a warm, draftfree area for 1 hour.nOn a wellfloured surface, flatten the dough and roll it out into a 14inchthick disk. Use a 2inch round cookie cutter to cut out as many circles of dough as you can. Transfer the circles to a 10by15inch baking sheet thats lined with parchment paper and greased with oil. Collect the dough trimmings and form them into another ball roll it into another 14inchthick disk, cut out more doughnuts, and transfer them to the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough.nLet the dough circles rest in a warm, draftfree area for 12 hour. Then heat about 1 inch of oil in a highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot but not smoking 365 to 375 degrees F.nWorking in batches, fry the doughnuts until theyre golden brown on one side, then flip them and finish frying, about 3 minutes total. Transfer the doughnuts to a paper towel to drain.nFill and finish: Transfer some of the Concord Grape Jelly to a pastry bag or to a ziptop bag with a small hole cut from one corner. When the doughnuts have cooled completely, use a small knife to gently burrow from the side of the doughnut to the center. Insert the tip of the bag into the opening and pipe in as much filling as possible. Repeat with the remaining doughnuts and filling. Dust the doughnuts generously with powdered sugar, and sprinkle each with a small pinch of coarse salt.nCombine the grapes, sugar, and water in a nonreactive pot. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring often, until the grapes have broken down, 6 to 8 minutes. Place the cardamom pods and citruszeststrips in a piece of cheesecloth and secure it with twine add the cheesecloth bundle to the grape mixture. Cool to room temperature and transfer the pot to the refrigerator overnight. Meanwhile, place 4 to 6 spoons regular dinner is fine in the freezer youll use them to test the jelly at the end.nPress the chilled grape mixture through a coarse mesh strainer. Discard the seeds. Return the strained grape mixture to a clean nonreactive pot, along with the lemon juice. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until it begins to look shiny, 10 to 15 minutes.nTest the jelly: Take one of the spoons from the freezer and place about 12 teaspoon of the grape mixture on it. Return the spoon to the freezer for 3 to 4 minutes. Meanwhile, turn the heat to low and cover the pot so the mixture does not reduce further than necessary. Remove the sample from the freezer and try spreading it if its not thick enough, uncover the pot, turn the heat back up to medium, and cook the grape mixture for another 5 minutes before testing a second sample using another frozen spoon. Continue this testing process until the jelly spreads smoothly. Let the jelly cool, then store it in the refrigerator., ingredients: [4 tablespoons instant yeast, 1 cup lukewarm water, 12 cup sugar, 4 eggs, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoon kosher salt, such as Diamond Crystal, Canola oil, 1 recipe Concord Grape Jelly, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, Coarse salt, 4 pounds concord grapes, rinsed and stemmed, 6 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 10 green cardamom pods, Zest of 2 oranges, in wide strips, Zest of 6 lemons, in wide strips, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, strained], title: Jelly Doughnuts, picturelink: uURzV7oJhDIVphA8PtGBqMNhQaAxAKO}, 32474: {instructions: Dressing: In a glass bowl, add the mayonnaise, mustard and chili sauce and mix well. Add the capers, peppers, chopped egg, pickles and green onions. Fold everything together and season with the salt and pepper. Transfer to a glass jar or plastic container and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 24 hours.nSalad: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWash and prepare your vegetables. Trim the ends of the beets, drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, and wrap in foil. Put them on a cookie sheet and roast in the oven until tender, about 1 hour or longer. Remove them from the oven and let cool. Once cooled, peel and cut them into julienne pieces.nSaute the diced bacon in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat until just crisp. Remove the bacon from the skillet to a paper towel.nIn a clear glass bowl with slanted sides, layer your salad, starting with 13 of the iceberg, then the beets, 13 of the red leaf lettuce, then the avocado. Keep going with 13 of the iceberg, then the onions, 13 of the red leaf lettuce, then the tomatoes. Finish with the final portion of iceberg, then the eggs, the final layer of red leaf, then the cucumber. Top the entire salad with the dressing and garnish with the bacon. Toss at the table and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons mustard, preferably Dijon, 13 cup chili sauce, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 13 cup piquante peppers, preferably Peppadews, seeded and diced, 1 large hardboiled egg, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped dill pickles, 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onions, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 small beets or 1 large, Olive oil, for roasting beets, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 34 cup diced bacon, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 head red leaf lettuce, cut into 2inch chunks, 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled and sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, 3 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced], title: 10,000 Island Dressing with Layered Salad, picturelink: null}, 32475: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients for the soup. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Transfer to a food processor and pulse until almost pureed, leaving a little texture. Season with salt and pepper. Return to bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving. Prepare topping mixture. In a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients until well blended. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed. To serve: Ladle 10 to 12 ounces into chilled soup plates. On a large serving spoon, place 14 cup of the topping mixture, top with 2 shrimp, and garnish with a sprig of cilantro. Carefully place in the center of the plate of soup. Place a wedge of lime on the rim of the plate., ingredients: [2 pounds, about 10 Roma tomatoes, cored and chopped, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 2 medium celery stalks, chopped, 12cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cups tomato juice, 12 cup water, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 14 cup red bell pepper, cored, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 14 inch dice, 14 cup yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 14 inch dice, 14 cup red onion, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 14 inch dice, 14 cup cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut into 14 inch dice, 12 cup red and yellow pear tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 3 ripe avocados, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12 inch dice, 1 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 16 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, butterflied, poached, and chilled, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh cilantro, 6 to 8 wedges lime], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 32476: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice bread into 16 slices, butter each slice and place on a baking sheet. Toast bread lightly. Remove from oven but leave on baking sheet and set aside briefly.nHeat oil in a hot saute pan and sear beef on both sides. Remove and let rest.nMix mayonnaise, egg yolks, and crab boil seasoning. Fold in asparagus and crabmeat, trying to avoid breaking up the lumps of crab.nTo assemble, place meat on toast and spoon crab mixture on top. Return to oven to brown crabmeat mixture and serve., ingredients: [1 loaf French bread, 3 ounces approximately 34 stick butter, 18 cup olive oil, 2 pounds tritip beef, cut into 2ounce portions, 34 cup mayonnaise, 6 egg yolks See Disclaimer, 2 teaspoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 16 asparagus tips, blanched, 1 pound lump crabmeat], title: California TriTip Oscar, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 32477: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make Devonshire ice cream. In a small saucepan with a candy thermometer clipped to the side, add the milk, milk powder, sugar, atomized glucose, and butter. Heat until the thermometer reaches 112 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Before adding the egg yolks to the milk mixture temper it by whisking some of the hot milk into the yolks, then add the yolk and milk mixture back into the milk. Cook on low heat, stirring in figure 8s with a spatula until slightly thickened, at 185 degrees F. Do not over cook, remove immediately from heat. Add the Devonshire cream, mix well and allow to cool before putting in the ice cream machine. Freeze according to manufacturers instructions, allowing to reach soft to firm consistency. Serve immediately or place in freezer.nTo make the chocolate fondant. Butter a muffin tin.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt. Over a double boiler on low heat, melt the butter and chocolate. Meanwhile in a standing mixer whip up the eggs, egg yolks and sugar on high until it reaches ribbon stage. Once at ribbon stage turn the mixer to low and add your melted chocolate and butter, combine well. Fold in the flour. Evenly divide the batter into muffin cups. Bake for 12 minutes, it should still be runny in the center. Serve immediately with the Devonshire ice cream on the side., ingredients: [1 13 cups whole milk, 0.8 ounces 0 fat milk powder, 13 cup sugar, 1ounce atomized glucose powdered glucose, 3 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 large egg yolks, 6.5 ounces Devonshire cream, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, plus extra for muffin tin, 23 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 1 12 pounds dark Gianduja chocolate, 8 large eggs, 8 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar], title: Gianduja Chocolate Fondant with Devonshire Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 32478: {instructions: Bring a 2quart saucepot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Remove and discard the stems from the mustard greens and pile the greens together. Slice into 1inchwide ribbons.nAdd half of the olive oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add the couscous. Cook until browned and toasty, 3 to 4 minutes, shaking the skillet occasionally to get even browning. Transfer to a bowl until the water is boiling. Once boiling, add the couscous and cook until tender, about 13 minutes. Save 12 cup of the cooking water and drain the couscous.nAdd the remaining olive oil and the garlic to the same skillet. Stir constantly until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 12 minutes. Stir in the greens and ham all at once, season with salt and pepper and cook until the greens have wilted and the ham is warm, about 2 minutes.nAdd the couscous to the skillet along with the reserved cooking water, a few tablespoons at a time the mixture should appear loose but not soupy. Serve as a main dish or as a side., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 bunch mustard greens about 12 ounces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil Sicilian if you can get it, 1 cup pearled couscous also known as Israeli couscous, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 8 ounces ham steak or leftover ham, diced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mustard Greens and Ham with Toasted Couscous, picturelink: ZxL9Awvhh85lXbMLZtZLDFCT21h66Dm}, 32479: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the cake: Lightly coat a 9by13inch baking dish with nonstick spray and set aside. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and pumpkin pie spice together in a large bowl and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs and sugars together. Stir in the milk and vanilla, and then add the oil. Whisk in the pumpkin puree and pour the liquid mixture over the dry mixture. Use a wooden spoon to stir the batter together, and then switch to a whisk and give the batter a good 3 or 4 beats before pouring it into the prepared baking dish. Use a rubber spatula to smooth out the batter and place it in the oven until the cake is golden and springs back to light pressure, 25 to 28 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool completely. Meanwhile, place the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast them until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Transfer the nuts to a large plate to cool, then transfer to a cutting board and finely chop. Place the nuts in a medium bowl and set aside. Divide the cake into quarters and crumble it into a large bowl. Once all of the cake is crumbled, drag 2 forks through the cake in opposite directions to crumble it into a very fine crumb you can also use a food processor to pulse the cake into fine crumbs. Set aside.nFor the frosting: Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper and set aside. Using a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the cream cheese and butter together on medium speed until airy, about 3 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until combined. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Stir the cream cheese frosting into the cake crumbs and, once the mixture looks like wet graham crackers crumbs, roll it into ping pongsize balls. Place the cake balls on the prepared baking sheet and freeze for 1 hour. Place the chocolate in a medium microwavesafe bowl and melt at 50percent power, stirring every 30 seconds until the chocolate is completely melted, 2 to 2 12 minutes or melt the chocolate over a double boiler, stirring often, until the chocolate is melted. Remove the cake balls from the freezer and insert a lollypop stick or small appetizerlength skewer into the top of each one stick it in far enough so it is more than halfway through but doesnt puncture the other side of the ball. Dip each ball into the white chocolate, using a spoon to help coat the underside. Tap the stick against the side of the bowl a few times and swirl the stick to encourage the excess chocolate to drip back into the bowl. Dip the top of the ball into the nuts, and then place the cake pop back on the parchment paperlined baking sheet, nutside down so the stick points straight up. Repeat with the remaining cake balls. Let the cake pops stand at room temperature for 10 minutes before serving. Serve that day or refrigerate for up to 3 days and then serve., ingredients: [Unflavored nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 2 large eggs, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup nonfat milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 cup pecan halves, for decorating, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 1 12 pounds finely chopped white chocolate or two 11ounce bags white chocolate chips, 14 cup vegetable shortening], title: Pumpkin Cake Pops, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 32480: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, beans and chili paste and heat until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Using a potato masher or fork, mash the beans. Remove from the heat, add 2 tablespoons water and mash until somewhat smooth. Spread in a 2quart glass casserole dish.nScatter the cheese over the beans. Halve and pit the avocados scoop out the flesh into a bowl and mash with 1 teaspoon salt and the lemon juice. Spread the avocado over the cheese.nReserve some scallions, cilantro and jalapeno for garnish. Pulse the yogurt with the remaining scallions, cilantro and jalapeno in a blender or food processor. Spread over the avocado. Top with the lettuce. Season the tomatoes with another teaspoon salt and scatter over the lettuce. Top with the reserved scallions, cilantro and jalapeno., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 15ounce cans red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 2 teaspoons chili paste or your favorite hot sauce, 1 cup shredded lowfat cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 2 ripe avocados, preferably Hass, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 5 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 34 cup fresh cilantro, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups plain nonfat yogurt, preferably Greek, 2 cups finely shredded romaine lettuce, 3 ripe medium tomatoes, diced], title: Slim SixLayer Dip, picturelink: BOHbM22t.2cGovGNYJGqc1PobB1HeFG}, 32481: {instructions: Coat a large pot or Dutch oven with peanut oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, celery and onions. Cook until the vegetables are browned, about 5 minutes. Add the shanks to the pot along with the salt, peppercorns, bay and thyme. Pour in the chicken broth and wine, then add enough water to just barely cover the shanks. Bring to a boil then reduce heat, cover and simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes.nRemove the shanks from the pot and set on a wire rack over a sheet tray. Allow the shanks to drain and cool, 25 to 30 minutes. If you have time, you can also place the shanks in the refrigerator, uncovered, for 2 to 3 hours this will really help dry the outsides of the shanks so that when you fry them they will get super crispy and also wont splatter as much.nPat the cooled and drained shanks dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 3 inches of peanut oil in a deep, heavy pot, such as a Dutch oven or tall stock pot, to 350 degrees F. Working in batches, carefully add the shanks to the pot, skinside down. Cover and leave slightly ajar until the oil settles. Cook, turning once, until the shanks are golden brown and crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and season with salt. Repeat with the remaining shanks. Serve crispy fried pork shanks with the Fried Caper and Lemon Gremolata and chimichurri sauce if using.nPlace the golden raisins in a bowl of hot water with 1 tablespoon of the honey and gently squeeze them with the back of a spoon to plump them back up. Rehydrate for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat 12inch oil to 350 degrees F in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Fry the capers for 30 to 45 seconds. Drain and set aside.nCombine the parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, shallots, garlic, remaining 1 tablespoon honey, fried capers and raisins in a mixing bowl and stir. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the olive oil and set aside to allow the flavors to come together, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for deep frying, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 ribs celery, halved, 1 onion, quartered, 3 pork hind shanks, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup dry white wine, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinot noir, for serving, Fried Caper and Lemon Gremolata, recipe follows, Prepared chimichurri sauce, for serving, optional, 13 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons honey, Vegetable oil, for frying, 13 cup capers, drained, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 medium shallots, finely diced about 12 cup, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Crispy Braised Pork Shanks, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 32482: {instructions: Build a fire and let it burn down to glowing embers.nMeanwhile, crush the garlic, fennel and black pepper in a mortar to a rough paste. Chop the herbs finely and combine with the garlic and just enough olive oil to make a paste. With the tip of a knife prick a few holes in the surface of the steak and the fatty layer. Rub the marinade on the surface of the beef, pushing into the holes. Set aside to bring to room temperature.nSimmer the potatoes in the water and chicken stock with the bouquet garni until cooked through and almost falling apart. Drain and reserve the liquid.nCook the steak over the coals 4 minutes per side for medium. About 2 minutes before the steak is finished cooking, place the herb branches on the coals. Remove steak from the heat and let rest for 2 minutes. Slice and serve with the salad. Be sure to pour any juices that were released from the steak while resting back over it.nBring the cheese to room temperature and crumble into the salad bowl. Add the olives, potatoes, a little of the potato liquid, vinegar, olive oil and dandelion. Season with salt and fresh pepper and toss gently to combine., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon fennel seed, Black pepper, to taste, 12 bunch rosemary, remove the leaves and reserve the stems, 12 bunch thyme, remove the leaves and reserve the stems, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, Two 1pound bonein rib steaks, 4 waxy potatoes, like Yukon Golds, peeled and sliced, 2 cups water, 2 cups chicken stock, Bouquet garni, 2 ounces aged goat cheese, like Bucheron, Handful Nicoise olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 handfuls dandelion, trimmed and cleaned thoroughly, 14 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Rib Steak with Warm Salad of Bucheron, picturelink: null}, 32483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3 12inchto4inch cookie cutter.nAdjust an oven rack to the middle position and set the oven to broil.nIn an ovenproof 12inch nonstick skillet set over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until just crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Then set aside. Add the sausage, cooking until well browned and making sure to break it up as it cooks, about 6 minutes. Set the sausage aside with the bacon and discard all but 1 to 2 tablespoons of the pork fat.nWhisk the eggs and halfandhalf together. Add the egg mixture to the skillet with the pork fat, set it over medium heat and stir the eggs using a rubber spatula, scraping and tilting the pan to slide the egg mixture around the pan. Cook until the bottom is set and the top is still wet and glistening, 2 to 3 minutes. Then add in the cooked meats and cheeses, and season with salt and pepper. Use a spatula and press the ingredients into the eggs.nPlace in the oven and cook until lightly golden on top and puffed up, 2 to 4 minutes. Then let the frittata rest for 5 minutes before slicing.nCombine the cream cheese, sour cream, Sriracha and scallions in a mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper.nSlide the frittata onto a cutting board and cut into rounds using a 3 12inchto4inch cookie cutter, depending on the size of your bagel. Place a frittata round on each bagel and top with a generous smear of sauce. Serve with a side of Atomic Hash Browns and some extra sauce for dippin.nHeat a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat.nToss the potatoes with the granulated garlic, paprika, cayenne and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl.nAdd half of the butter and half of the oil to the skillet. Let melt, and then add the potatoes, pressing them down with a spatula. Cook until crisp and golden brown on one side, 5 to 7 minutes.nSet a baking sheet or a large plate over the skillet and carefully invert the potatoes onto the baking sheet. Add the remaining butter and oil to the skillet and slide the potatoes back in, uncooked side down, and cook until golden and crispy on the second side as well, 4 to 5 minutes.nSlide onto a cutting board and cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, chopped, 8 ounces bulk Italian sausage, casings removed, chopped or crumbled, 12 large eggs, 3 tablespoons halfandhalf, 1 cup grated asiago, 1 cup grated provolone, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha or to taste, 1 scallion, minced, 4 everything bagels, split and toasted, Atomic Hash Browns, for serving, recipe follows, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, coarsely grated on a box grater and squeezed dry in a kitchen towel, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Kitchen Sink Frittata Bagel Sandwich, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 32484: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the EVOO in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add the butter and melt into the oil. Add the thyme, garlic, fennel, onions and some salt and pepper. Saute until very soft and light golden in color, about 20 minutes, stirring frequently. Sprinkle the flour over the vegetables and stir a minute. Deglaze with the wine, then stir in the stock and thicken. Then add the turkey. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat.nTo serve, heat a large pot of water over high heat, season the water with salt and cook the pasta to al dente.nHeat the turkey and fennel over medium heat, add the cream and thicken the sauce, adjust the seasoning.nDrain the egg noodles, return to the pot and toss with the butter, parsley, parm and some salt and pepper. Serve the turkey on a bed of egg noodles garnished with pine nuts., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons for the egg noodles, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 bulbs fennel, quartered, cored and thinly sliced, 2 large onions, quartered and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 round tablespoons flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 to 1 12 pounds sliced roast turkey breast, bitesize pieces, 1 pound extrawide egg noodles, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped, Handful grated ParmigianoReggiano, Toasted pine nuts, for garnish], title: Roast Turkey, Fennel and Onions with Buttered Egg Noodles, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 32485: {instructions: Puree mango and mustard in a blender and transfer mixture to a shallow container such as a pie plate. Season salmon with salt and black pepper. Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Dip salmon in mangomustard mixture and coat with bread crumbs. When the oil begins to shimmer, saute salmon leaving undisturbed for the first 4 minutes or so to allow the seasonings to integrate into the surface of the fish and to allow the caramelization process to begin to prevent crusting off of the coating. When you see the edges begin to turn golden, flip the fillets over and cook the other side in the same way. Remove from heat and set aside to carryover cook, or finish in a preheated 325 degree F oven, if necessary.nTransfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [1 fresh mango, peeled and sliced away from the pit, 2 teaspoons stone ground mustard, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons freshly minced flatleaf parsley], title: Mango Mustard Salmon, picturelink: null}, 32486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the eggs, cream, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl until well blended. Heat a 6inchdiameter nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Brush the skillet with some butter. Pour 14 cup of the egg mixture into the pan, swirling to coat the bottom of the pan evenly. Cover and cook until the egg crepe is just set, about 1 minute and 30 seconds. Invert the skillet over a plate, and allow the egg crepe to drop onto the plate. Repeat to make 4 crepes total, brushing the skillet with melted butter as needed and stacking crepes on the plate.nCook the bacon in a heavy large frying pan until crisp. Transfer the bacon to paper towels to drain.nPreheat a griddle or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Cut the focaccia horizontally in half. Place the focaccia cut side down on the griddle and cook until the focaccia is heated through and golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Spread the pesto over the toasted sides of each halved focaccia. Cover the bottom halves of the focaccia with the egg crepes, turkey, provolone and bacon, dividing equally. Cover with the top halves of focaccia, pesto side down. Cut the sandwich into bitesize wedges. Arrange the sandwiches on a platter and serve., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons whipping cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon about unsalted butter, 10 slices bacon, 2 8ounce round loaves focaccia bread 7inch diameter, 1 cup purchased pesto, 8 ounces thinly sliced turkey, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese], title: Mini Italian Club Sandwiches, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 32487: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the yogurt, mayo, vinegar, honey, lemon juice, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper. Mix well to combine. Add the apples, green and red cabbages, carrots and onions. Mix together well and place in the refrigerator to allow flavors to come together and the cabbage soften slightly, 10 to 15 minutes.nServe topped with the toasted pecans., ingredients: [12 cup plain unsweetened yogurt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Granny Smith apples, core removed and cut into thin slices, 3 cups finely sliced green cabbage, 2 cups finely sliced red cabbage, 1 cup grated carrots, 12 cup finely sliced sweet onions, 1 cup toasted pecans, roughly chopped], title: Green Apple Slaw with Pecans, picturelink: CnDGJCFrYSBdu9c2MTSNNRXxeXnqy}, 32488: {instructions: Combine the peanut oil, ginger, garlic, cilantro, green onion, and red pepper. Add the chicken and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Remove the chicken from the marinade and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add enough peanut oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the chicken and sear on both sides. Place the pan in the oven and roast until cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, cool slightly, and dice into 12inch pieces.nPreheat a grill or grill pan. Drizzle the onion slices with oil and place on the grill. Cook until the onions are soft, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the grill.nPlace the chicken into a bowl and add barbecue sauce, to taste. Place 4 tortillas on a flat surface. In a separate bowl, mix the fontina and mozzarella cheese. Place some of the cheese mixture on each tortilla. Top with some of the chicken and grilled onions. Top each with another tortilla.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and cook until it is foamy. Add 1 quesadilla and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining quesadillas, adding more butter as necessary.nCut each quesadilla into 6 pieces. Top with Mexican Cream and Pico de Gallo.nCombine all of the ingredients. Refrigerate until needed.nOver a hot grill, roast the tomatoes until blackened. Transfer to a bowl and add the chipotles. Cover and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Add the basil, garlic and lime juice and marinate for 10 minutes. Transfer to a blender or food processor and pulse until chunky. Transfer to a bowl and add the vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in 1 cup of olive oil. Reserve., ingredients: [14 cup peanut oil, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt, Pepper, Peanut oil, 1 red onion, sliced, 14 to 12 cup barbecue sauce, 8 8inch flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded fontina cheese, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 3 tablespoons butter, Mexican Cream, recipe follows, Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 cups sour cream, Salt, Pepper, 5 Roma tomatoes, 2 chipotle chiles, reconstituted, 12 cup chopped basil leaves, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup olive oil], title: BBQ Chicken Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 32489: {instructions: Position a rack 6 inches below a broilers heating element, and preheat.nHeat a large heatproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Add the mushrooms, tossing briefly, and then cook until browned, about 12 to 15 minutes. Toss in the scallions once the mushrooms begin to brown, about 23 of the way of cooking. Stir in 1 cup parsley and tarragon.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs with the mushroom broth and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle in gorgonzola and stir gently to combine.nReduce heat to medium and pour the eggs into the skillet, stirring gently so that the mushrooms and herbs are evenly distributed. Continue cooking and gently stirring until the eggs begin to set, about 4 minutes.nPlace skillet under the broiler and cook until the frittata is set, about 3 to 4 minutes. Slide frittata out of skillet if desired, sprinkle with remaining tablespoon parsley, and cut into wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound mixed mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini, or oyster, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 scallions, white and green thinly sliced, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup mushroom broth see cooks note, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup crumbled gorgonzola about 2 ounces], title: Herbed Gorgonzola Mushroom Frittata, picturelink: null}, 32490: {instructions: In a large heavy pot, bring the water to a boil. Peel, trim, and quarter the onion. Peel, trim, and smash the garlic.nAdd the onion, garlic, bay leaves, parsley, and salt to the boiling water and boil for about 10 minutes.nCarefully slide the chicken breasts into the pot and return the water to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and poach the chicken for about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat, remove the cover, and let the chicken cool in the liquid.nWhen cool enough to handle, remove the chicken from the broth, skin and bone it, and shred into bitesized pieces. Put in a large bowl. Be sure to strain and reserve the broth for making soups or sauces.nMake the dressing: Peel, trim, and chop the garlic as fine as possible. Rinse the basil leaves, pat them dry, and chop very fine.nIn a bowl, combine the garlic and basil with the remaining dressing ingredients. If you would like a smoother sauce, blend all the ingredients in a blender or food processor until saucelike.nSpoon the dressing over the chicken, toss well to combine, and transfer to a serving platter. Serve within 1 hour of finishing., ingredients: [3 quarts water, 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 1 small bunch flatleaf parsley, tied with kitchen twine, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 chicken breast halves, on the bone, with skin, 4 12 pounds total weight, 2 garlic cloves, 2 cups packed basil leaves, 1 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt], title: BasilParmesan Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 32491: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line the inside of a 10inch skillet, the outside of an 8inch skillet and the bottom of 2 baking pans with nonstick foil.n2. Lay the bacon slices on one pan and the zucchini slices on the other. Brush the zucchini with the reserved artichoke marinade and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast until the bacon is crispy and the zucchini has softened, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool slightly.n3. Lay out the bottom halves of the ciabatta rolls and top each with 2 bacon slices and 1 zucchini slice. Divide the artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, cheese and arugula among the sandwiches and top with the remaining ciabatta halves.n4. Heat the larger skillet over medium heat and add 2 of the sandwiches. Place a hand towel inside the smaller skillet and use it to press the smaller skillet down onto the sandwiches, creating a sandwich press. Continue pressing until the sandwiches are a bit flattened and browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the smaller skillet and flip the sandwiches. Press the smaller skillet down again to brown the other side, another 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches. Slice and serve hot., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 1 zucchini, cut into 14inch lengthwise slices, One 12ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and roughly chopped, marinade reserved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ciabatta rolls, halved lengthwise, One 6ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and roughly chopped, 2 cups shredded fontina or mozzarella cheese, or a blend of both, 12 cup baby arugula], title: Cheesy VegetableBacon Panini, picturelink: null}, 32492: {instructions: Prepare yeast dough and let rise. Put onions and oil in heavy pot or skillet, cover, and cook over medium heat until soft and beginning to brown about 15 minutes. Fry bacon, drain, and reserve.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPress down raised crust dough and roll out to 14inch thick. Line an 8 12 by 14inch pan with the dough. Roll the edges down and tuck under to form an even 2inch rim. Let crust recover about 15 minutes. Then spread bacon and onions evenly over the bottom. Beat the eggs until lemon colored and combine with sour cream. Spread over onions. Scatter caraway seeds on top. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the French Canadian Pea Soup: Soak peas overnight and drain. Put all ingredients into the pot. Bring to a boil for 2 minutes. Remove and let stand 1 hour. Put back onto the heat and bring to a boil. Lower heat, cover, and simmer 1 hour or more until peas are tender. Add salt and pepper. Reheat before serving. Usually tastes better second time around., ingredients: [Yeast dough, for crust homemade or store bought, 4 cups diced onions, 3 tablespoons butter or safflower oil, 23 cup diced slab bacon, 4 large eggs, 1 cup sour cream or yogurt, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 pound yellow peas, 12 pound salt pork or ham bone, 2 34 quarts water, 3 onions, 2 carrots, diced into small cubes, 2 to 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon savory, Salt and pepper], title: 18th Century recipes for Onion Pie and French Canadian Pea Soup, picturelink: null}, 32493: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nDrizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil over the outside of each bag and rub it with your hand until all surfaces of the bag have absorbed the oil.nRinse fillets, then pat dry. Season both sides with salt and pepper.nIn a small bowl, mix soy sauce, lime juice, and ginger.nSet bags on their broad side and place one fillet flat inside each bag. Then, using a tablespoon, reach into the bag and spoon one quarter of the soylimeginger mixture over each of the fillets. Force excess air from the bags, roll up the open ends and tightly crimp to seal shut.nBake on a cookie sheet for 10 minutes.nCombine all salsa ingredients in a bowl and mix thoroughly with a fork.nTo serve, tear a small slit in the bags, peel back the paper just enough to expose the fish, then spoon Papaya Salsa overtop of bag. Serve immediately.nRecommended beverage: Viognier white, ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 standard issue lunchsize brown paper bags, 4 6ounce halibut fillets, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 3 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 2 ripe papayas, skinned, seeded, then diced into 14inch cubes. If papayas are unavailable, replace with a mango., 4 scallions, trimmed then diced, 12 cup lightly packed cilantro leaves, chopped, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 4 tablespoons red bell pepper or red cabbage for color, finely chopped, 2 jalapeno chilies, seeds and membranes removed, minced], title: BrownBagged Halibut with Papaya Salsa, picturelink: null}, 32494: {instructions: Combine the cinnamon sticks, cardamom, peppercorns, allspice, star anise, cloves and orange zest in a heavyduty plastic zipclose bag. Crush the spices with a mallet or heavy object. Divide the spices evenly between 6 readytofill tea bags or sachets.nStore and gift in an airtight container include the following recipe card: Mulling Spice Recipe Place homemade tea bagsachet in a mug filled with hot cider and steep for 5 minutes., ingredients: [Four 12inch pieces cinnamon stick, 4 cardamom pods, 4 black peppercorns, 3 whole allspice berries, 3 star anise pods, 3 whole cloves, 2 teaspoons dried orange zest], title: Holiday Mulling Spices, picturelink: null}, 32495: {instructions: In a dry heavy saucepan about 2 quarts cook sugar over moderate heat, stirring with a fork, until melted and cook without stirring, swirling pan, until a golden caramel. Remove pan from heat and carefully add water and brandy down side of pan caramel will bubble and steam. Return pan to heat and simmer, stirring, until caramel is disolved. Stir in butter. Sauce may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat sauce to warm before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons Calvados or other apple brandy, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Calvados Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish.nMelt the butter over low heat when melted remove from heat and stir in the sugar and vanilla. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Add flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt, and mix well.nMix the peanut butter and chocolate spread in a small microwaveproof bowl, and heat in the microwave until it reaches a runny consistency. Stir the mixture into the batter then pour it into the baking dish. Bake for 30 minutes. Allow to cool before cutting and serving., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup cocoa powder nonalkalized, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Dash salt, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup hazelnutchocolate spread], title: Peanut ButterHazelnut Brownies, picturelink: MMh4.fPeeXw3jFhqUpD6VrUPtNDgtC}, 32497: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray cookie sheet or 15 x 10 x 1inch pan with cooking spray. Drain juice from pork roast into blender set aside. Shred or chop pork into bitesize pieces set aside. Unroll dough into 1 large about 14x9inch rectangle. With kitchen scissors or sharp knife, cut dough crosswise making 2 9x7inch rectangles. Sprinkle each dough rectangle with 12 teaspoon cumin and 1 teaspoon garlic. Place half of ham and half of cheese in 3inchwide strip lengthwise down center of each dough rectangle. Divide pork evenly over cheese. Bring long sides of dough up over filling to meet in center pinch seam to seal. Pinch ends to seal. With pancake turner, place seam side down on cookie sheet or 15x10x1inch pan. Cut 3 diagonal slashes in top of each sandwich. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from cookie sheet place on wire rack. Cool 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pour broth and undrained green chiles into blender with juice from pork blend on mediumhigh speed 15 to 30 seconds or until smooth. Pour juice mixture into 2cup microwavable measuring cup. To serve, microwave juice mixture on High 2 to 3 minutes or until hot divide mixture into 4 6 or 8oz ramekins or cups. Cut each sandwich diagonally in half. Serve sandwiches with juice mixture for dipping. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 27 to 32 minutes., ingredients: [1 package 17 oz refrigerated fully cooked pork roast au jus, 1 can 13.2 oz Pillsburyr refrigerated country Italian loaf, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons minced garlic in water from a jar, 14 lb thinly sliced cooked honey ham, 4 slices 1 oz each pepper Jack cheese, 1 cup beef broth, 1 can 4.5 oz Old El Pasor chopped green chiles], title: CubanStyle Sandwiches with Green Chile au Jus, picturelink: null}, 32498: {instructions: Put a rimmed baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F. Toss the potatoes and garlic cloves with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl set aside.nSeason the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken cook until browned, 1 12 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer to the hot baking sheet. Scatter the potatoes and garlic around the chicken reserve the bowl. Bake until the chicken is just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a plate and tent with foil leave the potatoes and garlic on the baking sheet.nAdd the asparagus and tomatoes to the reserved bowl toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt. Add to the baking sheet with the potatoes. Bake until the vegetables are tender and the tomatoes start to burst, 13 to 15 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven switch the oven to broil. Toss the parmesan, parsley and lemon zest in a small bowl. Nestle the chicken in the vegetables and sprinkle everything with the parmesan mixture. Broil until golden, 1 to 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 6 ounces each, 1 bunch medium asparagus about 1 pound, trimmed and halved, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest], title: Chicken with Garlic Potatoes and Asparagus, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 32499: {instructions: Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar with a hand mixer until stiff peaks appear.nIn a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, buttermilk, vanilla and 2 tablespoons melted butter.nInto a large bowl stir together the flour, brown sugar, salt, baking soda, baking powder and cinnamon.nCombine with the wet ingredients and mix until incorporated. Fold the whites into the batter, gently.nGrease the waffle iron with a small amount of melted butter and heat the waffle iron according to the manufacturers instructions.nLadle batter onto the waffle iron and cook until golden brown, about 3 12 to 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter.nFor the strawberry sauce:nIn a small pot over medium heat, combine the strawberries, sugar, water, lemon zest, lemon juice and cornstarch. Bring to a simmer and whisk gently until mixture thickens slightly.nServe waffles with powdered sugar and strawberry sauce., ingredients: [3 large eggs, separated, Pinch cream of tartar, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons butter plus 1 tablespoon, melted, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 quart strawberries, hulled and sliced, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Powdered sugar, for topping], title: Buttermilk Waffles with Homemade Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: K6jW0ttsn8yxtFTmSWeJT8rz00ucTO}, 32500: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F220 degrees C. Tuck the lemon slices into the belly of the fish. Stir the salt and egg whites together in a bowl. Chop all but 6 mint leaves. Stir the chopped mint through the salt and put the others inside the fish. Put the fish in a baking dish and cover completely with the salt to seal. Bake 25 minutes. Crack the crust off with a knife, moving all the salt away from the surface. Peel back the skin from the fish, and carefully remove the fillets., ingredients: [A few slices of lemon, 1 snapper or sea bass, about 1.5 pounds675 g, cleaned, but not scaled, 1 pound2 kg coarse salt, 2 to 3 egg whites, Leaves from 2 bunches fresh mint or tarragon], title: Salt Crusted Snapper, picturelink: null}, 32501: {instructions: For the relish: Combine the tomatillo, avocado, serrano, fennel and onions in a medium bowl. Drizzle with the canola oil, lime juice, vinegar and honey. Season with salt and pepper, and fold in the cilantro.nFor the crispy skin fish: Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Add some canola oil and heat until hot and smoking.nMeanwhile, sprinkle the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Lay the fish in the hot pan, skinside down, pressing down with your fish spatula. Add the butter to the pan and let melt. When the edges of the fish look golden brown and crispy, after 3 minutes, flip the fish. Reduce the heat and cook another 2 minutes. Using a spoon, baste the crispy skin with some of the butter.nRemove the fish to a plate. Serve with the relish. Finish with some extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 medium fresh tomatillo, husk removed, rinsed well, cut into small dice, 12 large ripe avocado, peeled, pitted and cut into small dice, 12 serrano, seeded and cut into fine dice, 14 small head fennel, cut into julienne, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced against the grain, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Juice of 12 fresh lime, Touch of red wine vinegar, Honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Canola oil, 1 black sea bass, cut into 4 to 6ounce fillets, skin on,slits cut into skin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Extravirgin olive oil, for finishing], title: Crispy Skin Black Sea Bass with Avocado, Tomatillo and Fennel Relish, picturelink: 41QYnJsDMslw1WONyKu7jrgBY.L.QS}, 32502: {instructions: For the brine: In a large bowl, add the water, salt, and coffee. Stir to dissolve the salt and add the rib roast. If the liquid does not cover all of the meat, flip the roast halfway through the marinating time. Or, consider pouring the marinade into a large plastic bag, adding the rib roast, and then sealing tightly so that the roast is completely surrounded by the brine. Refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the rub: In a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, sage, paprika, parsley, garlic powder, white pepper, bread crumbs, coffee grounds, salt, and a nice grind or two of freshly ground black pepper.nRemove the roast from the refrigerator and discard the brining liquid. Pat the roast dry with a paper towel. Using your hands, coat the roast on all sides with the rub, gently massaging it into the flesh. Let it rest on the counter to come to room temperature, about 1 hour.nPlace in a roasting pan and put it in the oven. Cook until mediumrare, 125 degrees F, about 1 hour and 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and cover lightly with aluminum foil while the meat rests, 15 minutes. Slice between the ribs and serve., ingredients: [4 cups warm water, 12 cup kosher salt, 4 cups brewed French roast coffee, 1 standing rib roast, 3bones, about 6 pounds, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground sage, 1 12 teaspoons Hungarian paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 cup plain bread crumbs, 14 cup freshly ground French roast coffee, or espresso, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Brewed Awakening Rib Roast, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 32503: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Position racks in the top and bottom of the oven. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with foil and set cooling racks into the baking sheets.nUsing your fingers, crumble together the brown sugar, smoked paprika and several grinds of black pepper on a plate. Dredge the bacon on both sides in the brown sugar mixture, rubbing so the sugar adheres. Arrange the slices on the racks without touching.nBake until the bacon is crisp and caramelized, flipping the slices and rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom halfway through, about 20 minutes total. Let the slices cool on the racks, turning once or twice so they dont stick., ingredients: [34 cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound thickcut bacon], title: Brown Sugar Bacon, picturelink: qozyA76pZywbL8ShFtJSWosHkd74PKm}, 32504: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat and stir in the onion. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Raise the heat slightly and add the bell peppers. Cook, stirring for 2 minutes. Add the zucchini and yellow squash and cook, stirring for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nCook the pasta in a large kettle of boiling salted water for 4 minutes. Drain the pasta and rinse it with cold water.nHeat the butter in a mediumsize heavy saucepan over moderate to moderately high heat until it becomes a medium nutty brown, being careful not to burn it. Stir in the flour, rosemary, sage and bay leaf. Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Slowly add the milk and cook, stirring, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until sauce is very thickthe consistency of sour cream. Strain the sauce and season well with salt and pepper. Cool slightly.nReturn the pasta to the same large kettle and stir in the sauce. Add the vegetables and 1 cup grated fontina and blend completely. Place the mixture in a deep earthenware or glass baking dish about 9 inches by 13 inches by 2 inches. Sprinkle with the remaining fontina. Bake for 20 minutes, until the pasta is brown and crunchy on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 small yellow andor orange bell peppers, trimmed and cut into very thin strips, 2 small zucchini 6 ounces total, cut crosswise into thin slices, then into thin strips, 2 small yellow crookneck squash 6 ounces each, cut crosswise into thin slices, then into thin strips, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 8 ounces imported Italian penne or another short tubular shape, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 fresh sage leaves, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups milk, 1 14 cups grated Italian fontina cheese], title: Macaroni and Fontina Cheese from the Dean and Deluca Cookbook, picturelink: null}, 32505: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk the egg white. Add the chili powder, cumin, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, salt, and sugar and continue whisking. Add the nuts to the bowl and toss together until the nuts are completely coated. Spread the nuts out onto a pregreased sheet pan and bake them for 15 minutes or until well toasted., ingredients: [1 egg white, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 cups nuts of your choice], title: Poker Nuts, picturelink: null}, 32506: {instructions: Bring leftover soup to a boil. Add diced bread and cook, stirring on occasion, for 10 minutes or until soup is thick and porridgelike. Adjust the seasoning and ladle out. Drizzle with olive oil and dust with more cheese if you like., ingredients: [Half of recipe above, 2 to 3 cups dayold dried good quality bread such as a nutty unsweetened whole wheat bread Italian or a sourdough or a Tuscan bread or a country French bread, cut into 1 inch chunks, crusts left on, 4 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan or Pecorino Romano for garnish], title: Bread, Bean and Vegetable Soup, Second Time Around, picturelink: null}, 32507: {instructions: Place the chocolate in a blender. Whisk the milk, 1 cup cream, egg yolks, granulated sugar and salt in a heavybottomed medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a heatproof spatula, until the mixture is thick enough to coat the spatula and almost boiling, 5 to 6 minutes.nImmediately pour the milk mixture over the chocolate in the blender. Cover and hold the lid with a thick kitchen towel blend until combined and smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the blender as needed. Divide the chocolate mixture among ramekins or small cups and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nWhip the remaining 12 cup cream and the confectioners sugar with a mixer or in the blender until soft peaks form. Top the chilled pots de creme with whipped cream.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [9 ounces highquality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 6 large egg yolks, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar add an extra tablespoon if using bitter chocolate, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Pots de Creme, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 32508: {instructions: For the octopus: Cut the head off the octopus. Combine the tentacles, parsley, olive oil, oregano, thyme, shallots and garlic in a castiron pot over mediumhigh heat. Cover and gradually bring the mixture to a boil. You dont need to add any liquid to the pot because the octopus will release its own braising liquid. Once it comes to a boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 1 hour.nRemove the octopus from the heat and let cool in the braising liquid. On a large piece of plastic wrap, lay the tentacles top to tail. Season with salt and cracked pepper. Tightly roll up it should look like a long sausage. Use more plastic wrap to secure the octopus, if necessary. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight to set.nFor the potato salad: Combine the gherkins, capers, oil, mustard, vinegar, potatoes, shallots, chiles, chives and parsley in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, unwrap the octopus and thinly slice. Divide the octopus among plates, drizzle with olive oil and garnish with lemon zest and celery leaves. Serve the potato salad alongside.nCooks Note: The octopus head can be reserved and then sliced and eaten with the rest of the dish., ingredients: [One 4pound whole small octopus 2kg, 12 cup125ml chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon15ml olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 shallots, halved, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 12 cup125ml sour gherkins, cut into small dice, 14 cup60ml capers, 14 cup60ml olive oil, 1 tablespoon15ml grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon15ml white balsamic vinegar, 8 fingerling potatoes, cooked until al dente and thinly sliced, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 12 fresh red chile pepper, thinly sliced, A handful fresh chives, finely chopped, A handful fresh parsley, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon zest and celery leaves, for garnish], title: Braised Octopus and Tangy Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 32509: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350 degrees.n2. Cook noodles according to package directions.n3. In large skillet, heat oil add onion and mushrooms and saute until onions are translucent.n4. Stir in pasta sauce and 14 cup of the soy sauce heat through.n5. In medium bowl, combine ricotta cheese, eggs and remaining soy sauce.n6. Spread a layer of sauce on the bottom of a 9 x 13inch baking dish.n7. Layer with noodles, cheese mixture and mozzarella cheese. Continue layering, ending with a final layer of noodles and meat sauce.n8. Cover with foil bake 30 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 16ounce package lasagna noodles, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cup chopped mushrooms, 1 28ounce jar pasta sauce, 12 cup Kikkoman Soy Sauce, divided, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 2 eggs, well beaten, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese], title: UmamiRich Lasagna, picturelink: HUJxkepeaamW8gFM719sfFTw337vns2}, 32510: {instructions: For the caramel, place 1 tablespoon butter in a large saucepan and melt over medium heat. Add caramels and evaporated milk, and cook until melted together. Set aside. For the crispy treats, butter the inside of a very large bowl. Pour all of your favorite things into the buttered bowl, then pour caramel mixture all over. Toss and stir with a large spoon or spatula until coating is distributed. Butter sheetpan with remaining butter. Pour mixture into sheetpan and press flat. Let cool, then cut into portions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 package square caramels, unwrapped, 6 tablespoons evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 to 7 cups of your favorite things granola, or nonflake cereals, toasted nuts, dried cherries, apricots, raisins, sesame or other seeds, chocolate chips, etc.], title: GrownUp Crispy Treats, picturelink: null}, 32511: {instructions: In a large heavy pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Stir in onion and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in garlic, celery, and carrots and cook for 3 minutes. Add dried basil, oregano, and red pepper flakes and toss to coat. Stir in tomatoes and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes. If necessary add an additional cup of stock or water and stir in beans and tiny pasta. Simmer for 68 minutes or until pasta is tender. Stir in parsley and serve hot with grated Parmesan and ground black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Dash of red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups chopped whole tomatoes, with juices, 3 cups lowsodium chicken stock, or vegetable stock, 1 can northern white beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup tiny pasta shells ditalini, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley, Freshly grated Parmesan and black pepper for garnish], title: Pasta e Fagioli, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 32512: {instructions: Let the lamb come to room temperature for about 30 minutes before you are ready to roast. Season the lamb on all sides with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large, heavybottomed skillet with a heatproof handle over mediumhigh heat. Put the rack into the pan, fat side down, and sear it until it is browned, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the rack over and sear the other side for 2 minutes. Put the pan into the oven, and roast the lamb until it is mediumrare, or until the internal temperature reaches 125 to 130 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the lamb from the oven, cover it with foil, and let it rest for about 10 minutes before slicing into chops. Serve with the Mint Pesto.nCombine all of the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the mixture is almost smooth. Taste and adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper, to taste. The pesto may be made 1 day ahead, covered and refrigerated. Bring the pesto to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 2 to 2 12 pound frenched rack of lamb, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Mint Pesto, recipe follows, 1 bunch fresh mint, leaves only, 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts, 2 tablespoons mint jelly, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Rack of Lamb with Mint Pesto, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 32513: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch biscuit cutternFor the roasted tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nSpread the tomatoes out on the prepared baking sheet. Smash the garlic cloves with your knife blade mince, sprinkle with some salt, and then smear to a paste using flat side of the knife. Whisk together the oil, herbs and garlic drizzle over the tomatoes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes until soft and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Set aside.nFor the scones: Adjust the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and pepper in a large bowl. In a second bowl, whisk together the 3 eggs, cream and hot sauce until combined.nCut the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Add the wet ingredients and the cheese and ham to the dry ingredients mix until a dough just comes togetherthe dough should be wet.nTransfer the dough to a generously floured work surface and pat out to a 1inch thickness. Cut into rounds using a 3inch biscuit cutter transfer the rounds to the prepared baking sheet, spaced a few inches apart. Reroll the scraps and cut more scones. Beat the remaining 1 egg with a touch of heavy cream brush the scones with the egg wash.nBake the scones until golden brown on top and bottom, about 15 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, then transfer to a baking rack to cool completely.nTo assemble the McScones: Slice the scones in half horizontally. Put 2 or 3 roasted tomato slices on the bottom halves.nHeat the butter and oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Fry the eggs, in batches if needed, until the whites are set and the yolks still runny, about 2 to 3 minutes season with a little salt and pepper just before done. Using the biscuit cutter, cut the eggs around the yolks to make rounds that fit the scones.nSet the eggs on the scones, atop the tomato slices add a bit of watercress, and finish up with the top half of each scone. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 plum tomatoes, cored, sliced 14inch thick, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped herbs, such as parsley, rosemary and thyme, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, plus 1 egg for egg wash, 34 cup COLD heavy cream, plus for egg wash, Dash hot sauce, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons COLD unsalted butter, diced, 8 ounces Muenster cheese, cut into small dice, One 1inch thick piece of smoked ham, cut into small dice 6 ounces, 1 egg, beaten with a touch of heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 8 large eggs, 4 ounces watercress], title: McFlay McScones, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 32514: {instructions: Place a pizza stone onto the floor of the oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, toss and shape the dough so that one side has a thick crust and the other thin and it looks like the crumbling Roman Coliseum. Transfer onto a pizza paddle that has been welldusted with semolina flour. Coat the center of the dough with marinara sauce. Cover with a layer of salami and then the cheese. Place the peppers and avocado in a spoke pattern around the pizza. Scatter over the sausages, pine nuts, and parmesan. Bake until the crust turns golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes.nShare and enjoy with beer or wine or both., ingredients: [7 ounces prepared pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, Semolina flour or cornmeal, for dusting, 14 cup marinara sauce, 8 thin slices lean salami, 18 cup grated mozzarella, 18 cup grated provolone, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 slightly ripe avocado, cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 sweet Italian sausage, removed from the casing and crumbled, 12 andouille sausage, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon pine nuts, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan], title: California Crumbling Coliseum Pizza Pie, picturelink: null}, 32515: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 12 to 16 cup glass trifle bowl or 12 to 16 individual small trifle bowlsnWhip the cream until stiff peaks are just about to form. Whip in the almond extract and confectionerssugar until peaks form. Make sure not to over whip, the cream will then become lumpy and butterlike.nWhen completely cool, use your hands to crumble the brownies into smaller pieces. In a glass trifle bowl, layer in the following order: crumbled brownies, about 1 12 cups pudding, 1 12 crumbled toffee bars, about 1 34 cups whipped cream. Repeat the layers in the same order. Save the last 2 toffee bars to crumble and sprinkle on top before serving.nFor individual small trifle bowls, layer in the following order: crumbled brownie, pudding, crushed chocolate covered toffee bars and whipped cream.nGarnish with more crumbled toffee bars. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nPreheat your oven to 325 degrees F.nFor your brownie batter, melt your butter in a medium or large heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water.nWhile the butter is melting, whisk your natural cocoa powder, sea salt and sugar in a separate bowl. The sugar and salt will work as abrasive agents to get any lumps out of the cocoa. Whisk the cocoasugarsalt combo into the melted butter. Continue to whisk the ingredients together in the bowl over the simmering water until the sugar has dissolved fully. The mixture should look like fudge and pull away from the bowl into a ball. Remove from the heat and set on a dishtowel on your counter, and allow the fudgy mixture to cool down until its warm, but not hot anymore.nWhile that is cooling, line the bottom and sides of your 9 by 13inch baking pan with parchment paper or foil. You want to leave about 4 inches of overhang on the 2 opposite sides. These serve as your handles to remove the brownies from the pan in 1 piece, so make sure that there is enough of the overhang for you to have a solid grip. Grease the parchment or foil well.nStir in the vanilla into the cooled fudge mixture to loosen it up. Add the eggs into the mixture 1 at a time, adding the second egg after the first egg is fully incorporated. The batter should look shiny and well blended. Add in your flour and stir it until its fully incorporated. Once it looks fully blended, beat the batter vigorously for at least 45 strokes. Thisll not only get out any pent up stress, but it will make the brownies chewy. Fold in your chocolate chips. Spread the very thick and fudgy brownie batter evenly in the lined pan with an offset spatula or your greased hands.nPop the brownies in the oven and bake until they get a nice crust and your house smells like brownies, 30 to 35 minutes. Let them cool completely on a rack or a dishtowel on your counter.nWhisk the sugar, cocoa powder and flour in a bowl until there are no lumps. Crack the eggs into the bowl, add the yolks and whisk into a paste. Slowly whisk in 1 cup milk until fully incorporated. Then whisk in the remaining 1 cup milk. Put the milk mixture into a saucepan and put over medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it starts to look like pudding. It will begin to bubble and it will hold soft peaks when you lift the whisk out. Take off the heat and cool to room temperature.nCooks Note: To prevent a skin from forming, cover the pudding with plastic wrap, pressing down directly on the surface of the pudding. Poke a few holes throughout to allow to cool to room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 recipe Decadent Brownie, room temperature, recipe follows, 1 recipe Chocolate Pudding, room temperature, recipe follows, 5 1.4ounce bars chocolate covered toffee, 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, plus more, softened, for pan, 1 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 13 cup sugar, 1 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 4 egg yolks, 2 cups milk, divided], title: Death By Chocolate, picturelink: aWo.61mhKrXPKYynzj4Bo90QQrSvC}, 32516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTear the mint leaves into a glass. Add in the brown sugar and lime juice and muddle the ingredients together with the tip of a wooden spoon. Add some ice and pour in the rum. Fill the rest of the glass with some club soda and garnish with a lime wedge, a mint sprig and a cocktail stirrer., ingredients: [8 mint leaves, plus 1 sprig for garnish, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 lime, juiced, plus 1 lime wedge, for garnish, Ice cubes, as needed, 2 ounces light rum, 1 bottle club soda, chilled, Cocktail stirrer], title: Ginas Brown Sugar Mojito, picturelink: aIYstYFIMxfYpz8E74QHRXmJ29jiL6}, 32517: {instructions: For the muffins: Line a 12cup muffin tin with foil muffin cup liners.nToss the berries with 2 tablespoons of the flour in a small bowl. Whisk the remaining flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Beat the eggs in a medium bowl until frothy, and then whisk in the milk, melted butter and vanilla. Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour the wet ingredients into the well. Stir the batter with a rubber spatula until just combined.nFor the topping: Combine the flour and brown sugar in a medium bowl. Either using a fork or your fingers, mix in the butter to form large and medium crumbs.nScoop the batter into the muffin cups, filling just above threequarters full. Divide the blueberries among the cups. Divide the topping among the muffins, pressing lightly. Freeze until set, about 3 hours. The muffins can be removed to zippered freezer bags at this point and stored for up to 2 months.nWhen ready to bake, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the muffins in a muffin tin or directly on a baking sheet and bake until they are lightly golden and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes.nThese muffins can also be baked immediately. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and bake until lightly golden and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup fresh blueberries, raspberries or diced strawberries, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Freezer to Oven Berry Muffins, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 32518: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Mix flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, butter, buttermilk, and egg. Knead lightly and divide into 4 portions, forming each into a disk. Place the 4 disks on a lightly greased baking sheet and bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool on pan for 10 minutes, then cool completely on a rack.nHeat grapeseed oil over low heat in a medium skillet. Add onion and curry powder, and allow onion to slowly caramelize, about 30 minutes. Stir in golden raisins and add vinegar. Cook for about 5 minutes, cover, remove from heat and allow to rest.nReturn to the Crostini: Split loaves open as you would a hamburger roll. Using a 1inch circle cutter cut the bread into rounds.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nSeason lamb with salt and pepper and sear lamb on all sides. Combine chestnut puree and stone ground mustard in a small bowl and coat lamb with the mixture. Then coat with the ground oats. Place in baking pan, and finish in the oven to an internal temperature of 140 degrees F, as measured with an instantread thermometer, or to your liking. Let rest for 5 minutes then slice into 14 inch thick disks.nToast crostini rounds, top with a slice of lamb loin and top with onion marmalade., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 large sweet onion such as Vidalia, diced, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 3 pounds lamb loin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chestnut puree such as Marrons sold in a 15ounce jar, 1 tablespoon stone ground mustard, 12 cup ground instant oatmeal], title: Chestnut Lamb Loin with Sweet Onion Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 32519: {instructions: Set rings on a broiler rack and dip them in butter and broil, turning once for 4 to 6 minutes or until they begin to turn brown. Dust one side with sugar and set broiler pan close to heat source and roil until the sugar melts. Serve rings over ice cream and top with chopped nuts if you wish., ingredients: [1 pint frozen vanilla yogurt, 2 Golden Delicious apples, cored, peeled and cut into rings, about 14inch thick, 1 to 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, Chopped nuts for garnish, optional], title: Frozen Yogurt Topped with Broiled Glazed Apples, picturelink: null}, 32520: {instructions: Pierce the sweet potato several times with a fork and microwave on high according to the manufacturers instructions until cooked through, 5 to 10 minutes.nCut the potato open, add the sour cream and snip the mint leaves over the top to garnish., ingredients: [1 sweet potato, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Baked Sweet Potato with Sour Cream and Mint, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 32521: {instructions: Pour champagne into a chilled flute and top with a splash of pomegranate juice., ingredients: [4 oz. champagne, splash of pomegranate juice], title: Pomegranate Kir, picturelink: null}, 32522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade:nBlend all the ingredients in a large bowl. Place in a resealable plastic bag and add the pork chops. Marinate in the refrigerator for up to 3 hours.nFor the salsa:nMix all the salsa ingredients in a medium bowl. Taste for seasoning. Set aside for 10 minutes for flavors to meld.nPreheat grill to medium heat.nRemove chops from marinade. Grill for 5 minutes per side for a medium rare and 8 minutes for medium. Remove chops from grill and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Spoon the salsa on top., ingredients: [14 teaspoon lime zest, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 small shallot, chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped and seeds removed, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, Salt, 12 pineapple, diced and cored, juices reserved, 1 tomato, diced, 12 red onion, minced, 12 small jalapeno, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and pepper, 4 bonein, centercut pork chops], title: Marinated Pork Chop with Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: 6IYPCwitg3KYepeoVfwRT0xFpYnyqku}, 32523: {instructions: Heat the pork in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Season with the salt and pepper. Cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Transfer pork to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon. Let cool. Mix the hoisin sauce and water chestnuts together in a small bowl. Add the pork and mix well. Refrigerate while preparing the rice papers. ASSEMBLY: Fill a pie plate or other wide, shallow container with lukewarm waterdo not use cold water or hot water. Place 2 rice papers in the water. Let sit until somewhat soft, about 45 seconds. Remove 1 paper at a time and place on a paper towel. Cover with an additional paper towel. Repeat the process until there are 12 layers of rice paper. The rice paper will become pliable 1 to 2 minutes after being stacked. Invert the stack and use the rice papers in the order in which they were removed from the water. Place 3 rice papers at a time on a clean work surface. Sprinkle each rice paper with 18 teaspoon of the sesame seeds. Place 1 basil leaf on the bottom third of each rice paper. Top with 1 tablespoon of the pork mixture. Cover with one mint leaf. Fold the right and left edges toward the center of the filling, pressing firmly. Fold the bottom edge of the rice paper toward the center and gently but firmly roll until the top edge is reached and a rectangle 112 by 2 inches is formed. Repeat until the first 12 rice paper rolls are complete. Cover assembled wraps with a very damp towel and cover with plastic wrap. Soak remaining rice paper wraps and assemble until remaining ingredients have been used. Cover the wraps as directed. These rolls can be left at room temperature for up to 3 hours. Do not refrigerate or the rice paper will harden., ingredients: [12 ounces ground pork, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 1 8ounce can water chestnuts, strained and coarsely chopped, 13 cup chopped green onions, green part only, 24 6inch round sheets rice paper  have extra on hand in case of tearing, lukewarm water, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 24 medium basil leaves], title: Vietnamese Wrap, picturelink: null}, 32524: {instructions: Toss lettuce with lemon juice and divide among 4 cocktail glasses, filling them halfway. Place seafood on lettuce bed and chill in refrigerator while making sauce.nFor sauce, combine cream and mayonnaise, then add tomato paste and mix until light pink. Place a spoonful of sauce over seafood and dust with cayenne and parsley. Serve with garnish of sliced lemon., ingredients: [14 head lettuce, sliced finely, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 6 ounces shrimp, cooked and peeled, cut into small pieces, 12 oysters, 18 cup cream, whipped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 18 cup tomato paste, Cayenne pepper, to taste, Parsley, to garnish, finely chopped, 1 lemon, quartered], title: Prawn and Oyster Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 32525: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and onion and saute for 5 minutes. Add red bell peppers and jalapenos and saute for 5 more minutes, until soft. Stir in chili seasoning packet and cinnamon and cook until spices are fragrant. Add tomatoes, pinto beans, shredded chicken, and beer. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in chocolate just before serving. Garnish with grated Cheddar and chopped scallions, if desired.nPlace the garlic cloves in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the garlic is finely minced. Spoon the minced garlic into a jar and pour over enough oil to cover the garlic. Seal well and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 5 teaspoons PreChopped Garlic, recipe follows, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and diced, 3 canned jalapeno peppers, diced, 1 packet chili seasoning, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 5ounce can pinto beans, drained, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 bottle beer, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, shaved, 2 scallions, chopped, for garnish, Cheddar, for garnish, 1 head garlic, peeled, Olive oil, to cover], title: QuickFix Chicken Chili Mole, picturelink: Ys71VQratv11Ff6xCYqPEkPph1gXeGC}, 32526: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, stir together the whole milk, sweetened condensed milk, and vanilla bean. Bring the mixture almost to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and let it steep for 20 minutes. Strain and return to the pan. Rinse and dry the vanilla bean and save it for another use.nPut the pan on low heat, add the chocolate, and whisk until the chocolate melts. Combine the cornstarch and water to form a slurry. Add the slurry a little at a time, whisking constantly, until the soup is thick and smooth. You will know it is ready when the bubbles are gone and the chocolate has thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes.nPour the soup into bowls and garnish with biscotti, raspberries, and mint leaves., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 5 tablespoons cold water, Mini chocolate biscotti, for garnish, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Chocolate Soup, picturelink: null}, 32527: {instructions: Mix all the tomatobasil concasse ingredients together and set aside.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Whisk together the eggs, water, cheese, asparagus, peas, parsley and basil until combined and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pour the egg mixture into the pan and cook until the bottom is golden brown and set. Place in the oven and cook until the frittata is cooked through. Serve at room temperature with the Tomato Concasse., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 8 plum tomatoes, seeded, peeled and coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 large eggs, 2 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons grated Romano cheese, 8 spears asparagus, trimmed blanched and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup fresh peas, or defrosted frozen peas, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 6 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Asparagus and Fresh Pea Frittata with TomatoBasil Concasse, picturelink: null}, 32528: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the pork rinds, tortilla chips, corn nuts and peanuts together in a large bowl.Whisk the lime zest and juice, Worcestershire, chili powder, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt in a separate bowl. Pour the sauce over the snack mix and toss to coat well. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until the mix is toasted and almost completely dry, about 10 minutes, tossing about halfway through.nLet cool completely, and then store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [7 cups pork rinds, broken into bitesize pieces about 3 ounces, 6 cups limeflavored tortilla chips, broken into bitesize pieces about 6 ounces, 1 12 cups corn nuts, 1 12 cups honey roasted peanuts, 2 limes, zest from 2 and juice from 1, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt], title: Spicy Pig Skin and Corn Nut Snack Mix, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 32529: {instructions: Remove the outer leaves of the artichokes so that only the tender inner leaves remain. Bring a pot of water to boil, add the trimmed artichokes and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove artichokes, let cool, then slice in half in order to scoop out the chokes with a small spoon. Reserve hearts.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large casserole, add the lamb shanks and saute until browned on all sides, about 15 minutes. Transfer lamb shanks to a shallow roasting pan and scatter the onions and garlic in the pan. Pour in the meat stock, and roast for 30 minutes.nPlace a small saucepan over low heat, add the ham and saute until lightly browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the artichokes to the lamb, baste the meat and artichokes with the accumulated juices, and roast for another 10 minutes. Add the ham and roast another 5 minutes, or until lamb is desired doneness. Remove lamb from oven, let rest a few minutes, then serve warm., ingredients: [8 medium fresh artichokes or 8 jarred artichoke hearts, rinsed well and halved, 12 cup olive oil, 6 1pound lamb shanks, cut 1inch thick, 1 onion, finely chopped, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups lamb or beef stock, Salt, 14 pound finely chopped serrano ham], title: Roast Spring Lamb with Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 32530: {instructions: Trim about 2 inches from each end of the rhubarb and discard. Roughly chop the stalks and add to a small stock pot with 2 cups of the sugar and 1 12 cups water. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Cover, leaving the lid slightly ajar, and boil until the rhubarb mostly falls apart, about 3 minutes, stirring once or twice. Remove from the heat and let steep, covered, for 5 minutes.nPlace 12 cup water in a medium bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Strain the hot rhubarb mixture through a fine mesh strainer right into the gelatin, whisking gently. Press on the solids in the strainer to get as much liquid as possible from the rhubarb. Discard the solids.nIf there is a lot of foam and you prefer a clear surface, skim it with a spoon and discard it. Pour the mixture into eight 4ounce jelly jars. Chill until set, at least 3 hours or overnight.nWhen ready to serve, whip the cream, vanilla extract and the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar to very soft peaks and dollop it over the gelatin., ingredients: [4 pounds rhubarb, 2 cups plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 .25ounce packets unflavored gelatin, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Rhubarb Gelatin with Cream, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 32531: {instructions: Combine the eggs, egg yolks, 12 cup turbinado sugar, the halfandhalf, flour, Grand Marnier, vanilla and salt in a blender. Pulse until the sugar has dissolved and the batter is smooth, about 1 minute. Let sit at room temperature, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Butter the bottom and side of an 11inch ceramic tart pan or pie plate and set on a baking sheet. Toss the cranberries with 5 tablespoons turbinado sugar in a small bowl spread in the bottom of the prepared tart pan. Bake until the mixture starts to caramelize, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and reduce the temperature to 375 degrees F.nCarefully pour 1 cup of the prepared batter into the hot pan and let sit 5 minutes, then pour in the remaining batter. Sprinkle the remaining 3 tablespoons turbinado sugar on top. Bake until puffed and almost set, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 20 minutes. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [3 large eggs plus 3 egg yolks, 1 cup turbinado sugar, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orangeflavored brandy, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 2 12 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, halved, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Cranberry Clafoutis, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 32532: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a quartersize baking sheet with cooking spray, then line with parchment, allowing for a 2inch overhang on the long sides. Coat the parchment with cooking spray.nWhisk together the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter, brown sugar and honey for about 2 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Gradually mix in the flour mixture until fully combined.nFold into the batter 3 cups of the marshmallows, 1 cup of the chocolate chips, all of the caramel bits, and half of the graham cracker pieces.nSpread the batter into the prepared baking sheet sprinkle the remaining 1 cup chocolate chips and graham cracker pieces over the top. Transfer to the oven and bake for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven, top with remaining 1 cup marshmallows, and then bake for another 5 minutes.nCool on a rack, then refrigerate to chill for easier cutting.nCut into bars, being careful to remove parchment before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 2 cups dark chocolate chips, 34 cup caramel bits, 14 graham crackers, broken into small pieces], title: Smores Bars, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 32533: {instructions: Fry the onions in the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are deep golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes maybe longer. Set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil and salt generously prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the broccoli in the boiling water for 1 minute, then remove it to the bowl of ice water to stop the cooking and set the color. Remove it from the water to drain.nRoll out the pie crust on a floured surface and press into a deep fluted tart pan with a removable bottom or a deepdish pie pan. Lay the onions over the base of the crust, then lay the brocolli pieces on top of the onions. Chop the Brie and lay that in the crust too.nWhip the halfandhalf, eggs and some salt and pepper in a large bowl, then pour it into the crust. Sprinkle the chives on top.nPlace the pan on a rimmed baking sheet, cover lightly with aluminum foil and bake for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until the quiche is set and the crust is golden brown, another 10 to 15 minutes. The quiche will still seem slightly loose, but will continue to set once removed from the oven. Let the quiche sit for 10 to 15 minutes, then, if using a tart pan, remove the quiche from the pan. Cut into slices with a sharp serrated knife and serve.nPut the flour in a large bowl. With a pastry cutter, gradually work the shortening and butter into the flour until it resembles coarse meal, 3 to 4 minutes. In a small bowl, beat the egg with a fork and pour it into the flour mixture. Add the cold water, white vinegar and salt. Stir gently to combine.nForm the dough into 2 evenly sized balls and place each ball into a gallon food storage bag. Using a rolling pin, slightly flatten each ball of dough to about 12 inch thick to make rolling easier later. Seal the bags and place them in the freezer until you need them. If you will be using them immediately, its still a good idea to put them in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to chill. When you are ready to use the dough to make a crust, remove from the freezer and allow to thaw for 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 yellow onions, sliced, 4 tablespoons 12 stick salted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped broccoli, 1 pie crust, homemade or storebought, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, 8 ounces Brie, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 8 large eggs, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup vegetable shortening, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, 1 large egg, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Brie and Broccoli Quiche, picturelink: YxHyh8eKQYln2WFd6rFjpnoxRtoW9cy}, 32534: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, cut the tip off cob. Cut the kernels from cob with a small paring knife. Using the back of the blade, scrape against the cob to press out the milky liquid.nWhisk together sugar, flour, and salt and pepper, to taste. Combine with corn. Add the heavy cream and water. Mix.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, heat bacon grease. Add corn mixture and turn heat down to mediumlow, stirring until it becomes creamy, about 30 minutes.nAdd the butter right before serving., ingredients: [8 ears corn, husked, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup cold water, 2 tablespoons bacon grease, 1 tablespoons butter], title: Southern Creamed Corn, picturelink: le5Hx1fvYuutPp4q2FOwvKFPMWkFHWm}, 32535: {instructions: Make simple syrup: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves.nBring 1 cup of the simple syrup, the juice and wine to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Carefully transfer to a blender, add the basil and pulse until smooth leave the filler cap off to let steam escape. Strain through a finemesh sieve into an 8inch square metal pan. Freeze 3 to 4 hours, scraping the mixture with a fork every 20 minutes to make it slushy freeze until ready to serve.nCut off the tops of the strawberries and trim the bottoms so that they sit upright. Using a small melon baller, scoop out the inside of each strawberry to make a small cup. Fill with a spoonful of the granita.nServe immediately.nRecipe courtesy of Food Network Magazine, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup sparkling white wine, 1 cup basil leaves, 16 large strawberries], title: Strawberries With Basil Granita, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 32536: {instructions: Make the pudding: Whisk the egg yolks, sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl.nCombine the milk, chocolate and salt in a saucepan over medium heat and stir until the chocolate melts. Gradually pour the hot chocolate mixture into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Pour back into the saucepan and stir until thick, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla, then divide among 6 to 8 dessert cups or dishes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nMeanwhile, make the cinnamon cream: Whip the cream with the sugar in a bowl until it just holds soft peaks fold in the cinnamon. Serve with the pudding.nPhotograph by Con Paulos, ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 cups whole milk, 5 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, Pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 32537: {instructions: For the corn salsa: In a bowl, blend the tomatoes, corn, green onions, yellow onions, cilantro, vinegar, juice, jalapenos and salt and pepper to taste, mixing well. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nFor the tacos: Preheat a grill to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper and grill for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the fish over and grill for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the fish from the grill and keep warm.nGrill the tortillas on each side for 1 minute. Be careful not to scorch the tortillas. Divide the lettuce evenly on each tortilla. Top each tortilla with the fish, squeeze of lemon juice and 1 to 2 tablespoons of the corn salsa and serve., ingredients: [1 cup small diced vineripe red tomatoes, 12 cup roasted corn kernels, 14 cup thinly sliced green onion, 14 cup small diced yellow onion, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 ounces vegetable juice, such as V8, 2 jalapenos, seeded, small diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound halibut or firm white fish, cut into 3 by 12inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Eighteen 6inch corn or flour tortillas, 2 cups romaine lettuce, thinly shredded, 14inch thick, 2 lemon halves], title: Fish Tacos with Corn Salsa, picturelink: iK2a4GIBkqKxRvMld9fE7Yzq1w.XLCq}, 32538: {instructions: Heat vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a heavyduty 4quart stockpot.nHeat 2 tablespoons Achiote Oil in a skillet and saute the lobster meat until just warm. Remove from pan and place on a clean plate. Cover the lobster with plastic wrap and keep warm while preparing the yucca.nPlace the yucca in the hot vegetable oil and deep fry until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. When the yucca is ready, place in a bowl and add the remainder of the Achiote Oil and the garlic. Season with salt and pepper and toss to distribute all ingredients evenly. Mash the yucca until there is an even red color throughout the mixture. Add the warm lobster to the yucca and fold together. Using your hands, fill a greased 1 cup mold pilon with the mofongo and pack firmly to form a mold. Remove the mofongo from the mold by turning the mold upside down and tapping gently. Repeat this procedure with remaining yucca mixture. You should have 4 pilon shaped mofongos. Place on a plate, wrap in plastic, and keep warm while preparing the prawns.nFor the prawns, heat olive oil in a large saute pan. Season the prawns with salt and pepper and cook 30 seconds per side. Add 4 cups of the Sofrito Broth to the prawns and simmer until prawns are cooked through, about 5 to 7 minutes. To serve, place 1 mofongo in the middle of 4 pasta bowls and arrange 3 prawns around each of the mofongo. Ladle broth over mofongo and serve immediately.nHeat the olive oil in a 2quart saucepot. Add the annatto seeds and remove from heat. Let steep at room temperature for 4 hours. Strain oil into a glass container. Keeps for up to 1 month.nHeat the achiote oil in a saucepan. Add the bell pepper, aji dulce, onion, garlic, tomatoes, and recao and saute for 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the shrimp stock, tomato puree, and olives and simmer gently for 20 minutes until all flavors are combined to an aromatic broth. Remove from heat, stir in cilantro, and serve., ingredients: [12 gallon vegetable oil, plus more for the mold, 2 tablespoons Achiote annatto Oil, plus 4 tablespoons, recipe follows, Two 2pound Caribbean lobster tails, 2 yucca, peeled, boiled, and cubed, 4 teaspoons minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 prawns, peeled, cleaned, and deveined, 4 cups Sofrito Broth, recipe follows, 2 cups Spanish olive oil, 1 cup annatto seeds, 4 tablespoons Achiote Oil, recipe above, 12 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 12 cup diced aji dulce pepper substitute a bell pepper, 12 cup diced onion, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tomatoes. peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 cup minced recao substitute cilantro, 5 cups shrimp stock or clam juice, 1 cup tomato puree, 12 cup sliced pimento stuffed olives, 12 cup minced fresh cilantro], title: Puerto Rican Prawns with LobsterYucca Mofongo and Sofrito Broth, picturelink: null}, 32539: {instructions: Saute onions, bell pepper, garlic, and jalapeno in oil in a 4quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add chili powder, cumin, and salt and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juice and zucchini and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Stir in beans and chocolate and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro., ingredients: [2 large onions 1 pound, coarsely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 12 fresh jalapeno chile, finely chopped including seeds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 28 ounce can whole tomatoes, coarsely chopped, with juice, 2 zucchini, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 15ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed, 1 tablespoon chopped semisweet chocolate, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Vegetable and Bean Chili, picturelink: null}, 32540: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. To the hot oil, add the jalapenos, bell peppers, onions, and garlic and cook until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Fold in the black beans, cumin, and coriander and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in the tomatoes, brown sugar, and Worcestershire or vinegar and simmer the mixture for a few minutes to combine the flavors. Squeeze the lime juice into the pan and stir. Serve the joe mixture on buns with chopped pickles and cilantro to top and a couple of chips or a green salad alongside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola or vegetable oil, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 red, green, or yellow bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, One 21ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and pepper, One 15ounce can diced fire roasted or chunkystyle crushed tomatoes, 1 rounded tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce see Cooks Note or vinegar, any kind, 1 lime, 4 crusty rolls, split and lightly toasted, 2 large dill pickles, chopped, A handful of fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Sloppy VegHead Joe, picturelink: null}, 32541: {instructions: In a shallow bowl, combine Parmesan cheese and flour. Lightly score the skin side of the fillets several times to form a cross hatch pattern without cutting into the flesh of the fish. Season the portions of the blackfish with salt and a touch of lemon juice. Dredge the seasoned fish into the Parmesanflour mixture.nIn a large heavy skillet over medium heat, add olive oil. Add fillets, skin side down. Cook until skin is crisp, about 4 minutes. Flip fish and cook until fish is just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Once the fish is cooked, remove it from the pan and place on absorbent towels to rest in a warm place for a moment, while the plate is being composed.nTo serve, remove the Silver Queen Corn Pudding from molds and place into large, shallow bowls. Over the warm pudding, place a portion of fish. Over the fish, spoon on the Saute of Crab and Baby Corn. Carefully pour a small ladle of Silver Queen Foam around the fish. With 2 demitasse spoons, form the caviar into quenelle or egg shapes and place over the fish next to the bed of corn and crab. Lightly garnish the fish with chives, chive blossoms, dill and chervil.nPreheat oven to 275 degrees F.nIn a 4 quart saucepan, bring cream and corn to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until corn is tender, about 5 minutes. Pour mixture into a blender and blend until smooth, season to taste with salt and cayenne pepper. Strain the mixture through a fine strainer into a bowl.nIn another mixing bowl, beat the eggs. Slowly pour the hot corn mixture into the eggs, whisking constantly to avoid curdling the eggs. Pour the custard into individual custard cups or molds, preferably nonstick. Place the molds in a roasting pan and pour hot water in the pan to come halfway up the sides of the mold. Bake until custards are just set, about 20 minutes.nIn a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt butter. Add crab and corn, cook, stirring, until mixture is just heated through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in lemon juice, remove from heat and season with hot pepper sauce and salt.nCut lemongrass into 2inch pieces and bruise with the back of a knife. Place lemongrass in a piece of cheesecloth and tie closed.nCombine lemongrass, stock and corn in a saucepan. Gently bring to a boil, simmer 15 minutes, remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes. Remove cheesecloth, puree mixture in blender, and pour through a fine strainer, pressing on the solids to extract as much flavor as possible.nWhen ready to use, bring the broth to a boil, season to taste with salt, whisk in butter and froth with a handheld immersion blender., ingredients: [1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 6 4ounce blackfish fillets, skin on, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Sea salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Silver Queen Corn Pudding, recipe follows, Saute of Crab and Baby Corn, recipe follows, Silver Queen Foam, recipe follows, 6 teaspoons Louisiana caviar, for garnish, 1 teaspoon minced fresh chives, for garnish, 1 teaspoon fresh chive blossoms, for garnish, 6 small sprigs fresh dill, for garnish, 6 small sprigs fresh chervil, for garnish, 1 quart heavy cream, 1 pound Silver Queen corn kernels, Kosher salt, Cayenne pepper, 10 eggs, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over, 6 ears fresh baby corn, blanched and sliced into rounds, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Hot pepper sauce, Sea salt, 2 stalks lemongrass, 2 cups fish stock or fumet, 1 cup Silver Queen corn kernels, Sea salt, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Pan Roast Louisiana Blackfish with Corn, Crab and Caviar, picturelink: qg0e4FUT3p1A6R6XjobB5WJuTCOs7LG}, 32542: {instructions: Dig a hole in the ground 3 feet deep and line it with rocks. Build a fire in the hole and let it burn down to large embers and ash. This can take half a day before enough coals are produced to cook the beans properly..nPut the beans into an 8quart cast iron pot and add all the other ingredients. Add enough water to cover the beans and give it a good stir. Put the lid on and wrap the edge of the lid with aluminum foil to prevent dirt and ashes from getting into the pot. Place the pot in the hole. Shovel some of the embers and ashes on top of the pot and cover it with dirt. Cook for 6 to 8 hours. Dig up the pot, brush off the dirt and ashes, and remove the lid. Be sure to wear oven mitts or leather gloves, as the pot will still be very hot.nAlternately, the beans can be cooked in a slow cooker for 6 to 8 hours., ingredients: [2 pounds navy beans, soaked overnight, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 1 smoked ham hock, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons dry mustard, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: BeanHole Stew, picturelink: null}, 32543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: two 8inch round cake pansnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom of two 8inch round cake pans and line with waxed paper or parchment paper.nSift together the flour, salt and baking powder, then set aside. In a large bowl using an electric mixer, cream the granulated sugar and butter together until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat until thoroughly mixed. Alternate adding the flour and the milk, a little at a time, beating well after each addition, then continue beating for 1 minute. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes.nCool the cakes in the pans on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans and cool completely on the wire rack.nFrost the top of one cake layer with Swiss Buttercream and place the second cake layer on top. Then frost the top and sides of the cake. Serve at room temperature.nPut the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Start the machine on mediumslow speed and whip until the eggs begin to get frothy. Turn the speed to medium.nSlowly add the sugar to the whipping egg whites, dropping the lemon juice in about halfway through the process.nWhen all the sugar is in, speed up the mixer and whip until stiff peaks form and the meringue is smooth and super shiny.nTurn the speed to mediumlow and begin adding the butter. Add it bit by bit so the meringue doesnt slop over the sides of the bowl. At this point, the meringue will fall and look ruined and broken. Its not. This is what happens and its okay. If the meringue doesnt fall, add a little butter until it does.nTurn the speed back up to mediumhigh and walk away. Come back in 10 minutes. Does it look like buttercream No Walk away and repeat until it does. If it still doesnt look like buttercream after 30 minutes, add more butter until it does.nAdapted from Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home by Duff Goldman u00a9 William Morrow 2015. Provided courtesy of Duff Goldman. All rights reserved., ingredients: [12 cup plus 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 3 cups cake flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 extralarge eggs, 1 14 cups whole milk, Swiss Buttercream, recipe follows, 6 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 1 14 cup granulated sugar not powdered it wont work, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice or white vinegar, 4 sticks 1 pound butter, plus more as needed, softened], title: Yellow Cake with Swiss Buttercream, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 32544: {instructions: To prepare the vinaigrette, in a blender combine the mustard, vinegars, hoisin sauce, garlic, ginger, and shallots and puree until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the oils until incorporated. Season with salt. Refrigerate until needed. In boiling salted water, blanch the haricots verts for about 2 minutes and the snow peas for 1 minute, Transfer to an ice bath to cool. In a bowl, combine the haricots verts, snow peas, greens, endive, sprouts and duck. Toss with 12 cup of vinaigrette. To serve, divide the salad among individual plates. Top with the scallions, cilantro and sesame seeds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 12 cup peanut oil, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, to taste, 20 haricots verts, trimmed, 20 snow peas, trimmed, 4 cups mixed greens, 20 endive leaves, 1 cup bean sprouts, 8 ounces sliced roast duck, warmed, 2 teaspoons sliced scallions, green parts only, 8 sprigs cilantro, 12 teaspoon white sesame seeds, toasted], title: Chinese Roasted Duck Salad with Endive, Green Beans and HoisinBalsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32545: {instructions: Combine flour, salt, sugar, beer, water, yolks, and butter. Beat until smooth. Let stand for 2 hours. When ready to use, fold in the egg whites. Prepare the filling. Use a corer to remove the cores of the apples. Peel the apples and cut them into rounds about 14inch thick. Sprinkle with the sugar, then the Kirsch. Cover and let stand for 20 minutes. Drain apples and dry on paper towels. Heat the oil to 375 degrees. Dip the apple rounds in the batter and plunge immediately into hot oil. Fry until brown on both sides, about 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on absorbent paper. Sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon mixture. Serve on a heated plate., ingredients: [2 14 cups unsifted allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 23 cups beer, 1 cup warm water, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 egg whites, stifly beaten, Oil, for deep frying, 12 cup superfine sugar mixed with 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 apples Granny Smith, Rome Beauty, Pippin, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 Kirsch], title: Beignets aux Pommes, picturelink: null}, 32546: {instructions: SLICE and lay the rolls open. Spread mustard onto the bottom roll. Top each with half of the ham, a slice of cheese and spread 1 12 tablespoons of preserves on top of cheese. Pair rolls to form a sandwich.nHEAT large skillet over medium heat. Spray roll with nostick cooking spray. Place sandwiches, buttered side down, in heated skillet. Cover skillet and brown sandwiches 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Spray tops of sandwiches before turning to brown second side.nREMOVE sandwiches from skillet. Allow to rest covered, about 3 minutes. Cut sandwiches in half. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 5inch pretzel rolls or 4 slices hearty rye bread, Dijon mustard, 5 oz. Bavarian ham, sliced, 2 slices sharp cheddar cheese, 3 tablespoons Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwest Triple Berry Preserves, divided, OR 3 tablespoons Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Michigan Red Tart Cherry Preserves, Criscou00ae Butter NoStick Cooking Spray], title: Bavarian Panini with Triple Berry Preserves, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 32547: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9inch pie plate, pie weights and a cookie cutternFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the flour, salt, baking powder and butter in a food processor. Pulse until the consistency of fine meal. Add 4 tablespoons water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add a tablespoon of water at a time, pulsing between additions, until it does.nTurn the dough onto a floured surface and work it until it just comes together.nForm the dough into a disc, wrap it in plastic and place it in the refrigerator to chill at least 20 minutes.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface to 18 inch thick. Transfer it to a 9inch pie plate. Roll or trim the edges as you like.nLine the dough with parchment and fill with pie weights. Bake until set, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the parchment and weights from the crust.nFor the filling: In a large saucepan, combine the cranberries, cherries, apples, sugar, orange juice and zest and cinnamon. Bring to a simmer and cook until the cranberries pop and the cherries and apples are soft. Be careful to not cook the apple to mush. If using frozen cranberries and cherries, hold the apples until the last 5 minutes and then add them. Thicken by stirring in the cornstarch mixture. Stir for 1 minute. Stir in the brandy and remove from the heat.nTo make the pie: Fill the pie crust with the pie filling. Bake until bubbling, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool to just warm or room temperature. Top with the Sugar Cookies.nFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix together the butter, flour, sugar, vanilla and eggs on medium speed until well combined. Flatten the dough into a disc and wrap in plastic. Chill in the refrigerator, at least 20 minutes.nRoll out the dough to desired thickness. Cut out cookies with your favorite cookie cutter.nPlace the cookies on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until slightly crisp on the edges, 9 to 11 minutes adjust for thickness.nLet cool, then decorate as desired., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 8 ounces 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced, 4 to 6 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup cranberries fresh or frozen, 1 cup cherries fresh or frozen, 1 cup peeled and chopped apples, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup orange juice, plus 1 tablespoon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 to 3 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons brandy, Sugar Cookies, recipe follows, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, Icing and candies, for decorating], title: First Snow Cherry Pie with Snowflake Sugar Cookies, picturelink: Y4nzLxnAqSm67saiDtnWRhEhPcXLWt.}, 32548: {instructions: Stir together the preserves, maple syrup, ancho powder and orange juice in a medium bowl.nHeat grill to high. Grill the steaks for 4 to 5 minutes on both sides, keeping the grill covered to heat through. Baste with the glaze every few minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 cup peach marmalade, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 ham steaks, each 1inch thick], title: MaplePeach Glazed Ham Steak, picturelink: null}, 32549: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the white vinegar and 1 teaspoon of sugar, stir until sugar has dissolved then add sliced onions. Allow the onions to sit for 15 minutes then drain discarding the liquid.nIn a large bowl combine the salt, lime juice and the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar. Stir until sugar has dissolved, add the sardines and allow to marinate for 10 minutes.nWithin 10 minutes the sardines should be cured from the acids in the lime juice getting slightly discoloured. Gently squeeze the sardines until there is no juice dripping from them then transfer to another bowl discard the liquid.nTo the bowl with the sardines add the perilla leaves, two kinds of mint, reserved pickled onions, fried Asian shallots, fried garlic chips, garlic oil and dress with dipping fish sauce. Mix well, then transfer to a platter.nGarnish with crushed peanuts and chilli.nCombine the fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar and 12 cup of water in a saucepan and place over medium heat. Stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then remove from the heat and allow to cool. To serve, add the garlic and chilli, then stir in the lime juice. Store tightly sealed in a jar in the fridge, for up to 5 days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 limes, juiced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 9 ounces sardines, filleted, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 6 perilla leaves, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 fish mint leaves or green mint leaves, sliced, 1 teaspoon fried garlic chips, 6 Vietnamese mint leaves, sliced, 1 teaspoon fried red Asian shallots, 2 teaspoons garlic oil, 2 tablespoons Nouc Mam Cham Dipping Fish Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon roasted peanuts, crushed, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 chilli, sliced, 1 birds eye chilli, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Citrus Cured Sardine Salad, picturelink: null}, 32550: {instructions: Whisk together mignonette ingredients and spoon over oysters., ingredients: [1 small shallot minced, 14 cup sherry vinegar, Couple small pinches superfine sugar, 10 grinds freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger, 2 dozen shucked oysters on the half shell], title: Oysters with Ginger Mignonette, picturelink: null}, 32551: {instructions: Special equipment: A ricernCover the potatoes with water in a medium pot. Bring to a boil and cook until forktender, about 25 minutes remove. Once the potatoes are cool enough to handle, remove the skin and work the potatoes through a ricer set over a large bowl should have about 2 cups. Set aside.nStir together the warm water, agave and yeast in a measuring cup or small bowl. Let sit until a small layer of foam develops at the top, 3 to 5 minutes. If this doesnt happen, discard and try again with new yeast.nAdd the potatoes, rice flour, tapioca starch and 34 teaspoon salt to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until the mixture is combined and forms a fine, crumbly meal. Continuing to mix on medium, add the egg white and oil, slowly drizzle in the yeast mixture and mix until the dough comes together it will be slightly tacky. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set in a warm place until the dough increases by half, about 1 12 hours.nForm the dough into two or four balls, for small or medium pizzas, then either cook them as desired or wrap them well and freeze for up to 1 month. Thaw frozen dough at room temperature, then shape and cook., ingredients: [2 large allpurpose potatoes about 14 ounces, 13 cup warm water 110 degrees F, 2 teaspoons agave syrup or honey, One 14ounce package active dry yeast, 1 cup white rice flour, 12 cup tapioca starch, Kosher salt, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: GlutenFree Pizza Dough, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 32552: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrab bunches of the kale leaves and use a sharp knife to thinly slice them. Keep going until you have a big pile of finely shredded kale.nTo make the dressing, combine the orange juice, olive oil, sugar, garlic and some salt and pepper in a small jar. Shake vigorously until combined, then add the sour cream or yogurt and shake again until its nice and creamy.nToss the kale in half the dressing for a minute or so, then add the citrus pieces and jalapeno slices. Toss again until combined. Add a little more dressing if it needs it. Extra dressing can be stored in the fridge and used for any salad.nAt the last minute, break the goat cheese into chunks with a fork and toss it into the salad. Serve, ingredients: [1 bunch kale, leaves torn off the stalks, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, pressed or grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 heaping tablespoon sour cream or plain Greek yogurt, 3 tangerines, mandarins or clementines or 1 orange, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced very thin, 4 ounces goat cheese chevre], title: Kale Citrus Salad, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 32553: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the soy sauce, sugar, sherry, vinegar, garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes and stir until the sugar dissolves. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and add the chicken. Seal the bag and marinate the chicken in the refrigerator, turning once, for 1 hour. The chicken can be marinated for up to 4 hours.nHeat the broiler to high. Arrange the chicken on a broiler pan skin side down and broil until brown and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Flip the chicken and broil until almost cooked through, about 8 minutes longer. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and cook until the seeds turn golden brown and the chicken is done, 1 to 2 minutes longer., ingredients: [14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, crushed with a garlic press or minced, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 pounds skinless chicken thighs, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds], title: Teriyaki Chicken Thighs, picturelink: d.udCRCnjsgxJYmKgNd839pNJa3JQ6}, 32554: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners or 6inch squares of parchment paper and mist with cooking spray. Use parchment paper if you want a more domed muffin the batter will cling to the paper as it rises.nWhisk the flour, cornmeal, 34 cup sugar, the baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. In another bowl, whisk the buttermilk, apricot nectar, grapeseed oil, vanilla extract and orange zest until combined.nBeat the egg whites and remaining 34 cup sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 8 minutes. Whisk the buttermilk mixture into the dry ingredients until just moistened. Gently fold in the eggwhite mixture until almost combined, then fold in the raspberries do not overmix.nDivide the batter among the prepared cups an ice cream scoop works well. Bake until a toothpick inserted into a muffin comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the muffins from the pan and cool on a rack.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups lowfat buttermilk, 12 cup apricot nectar, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 4 large egg whites, 2 cups frozen raspberries], title: LowFat RaspberryCorn Muffins, picturelink: T2QdyjsjC2R9yE0aLkkzNyejcuwStQC}, 32555: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together tuna with mayonnaise and red pepper sauce. Cut nori sheet in half and place it on bamboo mat, shiny side down. Dampen your fingers in water. Spread a thin layer of sushi rice over the seaweed, do not cover completely. Leave a 1inch margin at the ends uncovered to seal the roll. Lay 2 tablespoons spicy tuna across rice.nTo roll slowly fold the end of the mat closest to you over the filling and tuck it in. Use medium pressure to create a compact tube. Remove the mat from around the roll, press in the loose ends and place it on a cutting board, seam side down. Using a wet, sharp knife, slice the roll in half then into 6 equal pieces. Garnish with radish sprouts. Serve with wasabi, soy sauce and pickled ginger., ingredients: [12 cup fresh, raw tuna, cubed, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 dashes red pepper sauce, Nori seaweed, Prepared sushi rice, 1 bunch radish sprouts], title: Spicy Tuna Roll, picturelink: null}, 32556: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the zucchini, sweet potato, parsley, onion, eggs, flour, corn flakes, salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick pan and add 4 tablespoons of oil. Carefully drop tablespoons of batter into the pan. Fry the latkes, turning when crisp. Oil may be added to pan in small amounts as needed when frying. Put on paper towels to absorb excess oil., ingredients: [2 cups zucchini, do not peel grated, 2 cups sweet potato, peeled and grated, 12 cup parsley, chopped, 12 cup onion, chopped, 3 eggs, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon corn flakes, crushed to crumbs, 12 teaspoon salt, Ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons oil], title: Sweet Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 32557: {instructions: Place jicama in a bowl, sprinkle with salt and sugar, and add the juice of 1 lime. Let jicama stand 15 minutes. While jicama softens, work on the rest of your meal.nArrange romaine on a serving plate. Top romaine with jicama. Juice 1 lime into a small bowl, add cilantro and cumin. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream. Pour dressing over salad and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium jicama root, peeled and sliced into thick matchsticks, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 limes, juiced, 2 hearts romaine, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, a handful of leaves, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it in the palm of your hand, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Heck of a Jicama Salad, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 32558: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl combine raisins, walnuts, cinnamon, brown sugar, lemon juice and zest. Stuff apples with mixture and place in small baking dish. Add 12 cup cider or water and bake for 30 minutes or until tender., ingredients: [4 rome or granny smith apples, cored and top sliced off, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup apple cider or water, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Baked Apples, picturelink: null}, 32559: {instructions: Melt the butter in a kettle or large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, salt, garlic and lemons. Mix well. Add the brown sugar, chili powder and black pepper. Mix well. Add the molasses, Worcestershire and white vinegar. Mix well. Add the ketchup, tomato juice and vegetable juice. Mix well. Cook for 40 minutes, then turn off the kettle or heat and let sit for 20 minutes.nAdd the bourbon and mix well., ingredients: [8 tablespoons butter, 1 cup minced onions, 2 tablespoons salt, 4 cloves garlic, pressed, 1 whole lemon, seeded and minced, including peel, 34 cup brown sugar, 14 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 13 cup molasses, 13 cup Worcestershire, 14 cup white vinegar, 32 ounces ketchup, 6 12 ounces tomato juice, 6 12 ounces vegetable juice, such as V8, 1 12 ounces bourbon, such as Jim Bean], title: Barefoot BBQ Hang Ten BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32560: {instructions: In a blender or food processor combine first 5 ingredients and blend until smooth. In a shallow nonreactive pan pour blender mixture over chicken breast half and set aside to marinate, covered and refrigerated, 4 hours. Preheat a grill or broiler. Grill or broil chicken and onions 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until chicken is just cooked through and onions are browned. Thinly slice chicken.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees and butter an 8inch round cake pan. In pan, layer one tortilla and sprinkle with half of chicken, onion, cheeses and basil. Top with a tortilla and sprinkle with remaining filling ingredients. Top with third tortilla and brush top with butter. Bake for 15 minutes, or until lightly browned and cheeses have melted. Let rest 5 minutes before cutting into quarters. Serve garnished sour cream and cilantro., ingredients: [3 8inch flour tortillas, 1 12 cups crumbled soft goat cheese, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 tablespoon basil, cut into chiffonade thin strips, Melted butter, for brushing, Sour cream, chopped cilantro, for garnish, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 jalapenos, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 chicken breast half, 12 red onion, sliced into 14inch thick rounds], title: Chicken and Goat Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 32561: {instructions: Soak beans overnight in salted beans in salted water about a tablespoon of slat per liter of water. Drain and cover with new water in a pot. Bring to a boil and simmer until soft, about 2 to 2 12 hours. Add vinegar and syrup, incorporate and serve., ingredients: [2 cups Swedish brown beans, 2 tablespoons Swedish vinegar attika, or 4 tablespoons regular vinegar, 2 tablespoons Lyles Golden syrup, Salt, to taste], title: Swedish Brown Beans, picturelink: null}, 32562: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk the mayonnaise, lime juice, chile powder and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl cover and refrigerate. Put the tostadas on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, 5 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the raisins and cook, shaking the pan, until plump, about 30 seconds. Add the olives, garlic and bay leaves cook, stirring, 20 seconds. Add the pico de gallo, olive brine and 23 cup water. Simmer until thickened, about 8 minutes.nAdd the tuna to the skillet in chunks and cook, spooning the sauce on top, until heated through, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with the parsley and remove from the heat. Discard the garlic and bay leaves.nSpread about 1 tablespoon of the chile mayonnaise on each tostada. Top with the tuna and sauce, the lettuce and the remaining chile mayonnaise. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 34 to 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 8 tostadas flat crisp tortillas or taco shells, 34 cup golden raisins, 12 cup pimientostuffed olives, halved, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar, 1 clove garlic, lightly smashed, 2 bay leaves, 1 12ounce container pico de gallo or fresh salsa 1 12 to 1 34 cups, 3 5ounce cans solid white tuna packed in water, drained, 1 cup lightly packed fresh parsley, chopped about 1 small bunch, 1 small head romaine lettuce, thinly sliced], title: Tuna Tostadas With Chile Mayonnaise, picturelink: nuOE5jjz0CbnmmRbeAyLEGT0igIGG}, 32563: {instructions: Put the malted milk powder, cocoa, instant coffee, and sweetener in a tall glass. Add 2 ounces of hot water, and stir until ingredients have completely dissolved. Add 5 ounces cold water.nAdd soymilk, creamer, and ice, and stir well. Finish with whipped topping, if using. AWESOME, ingredients: [2 teaspoons malted milk powder, 1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules, 3 nocalorie sweetener packets, 14 cup light vanilla soymilk, 1 tablespoon fatfree nondairy liquid creamer, 5 to 8 ice cubes or 1 cup crushed ice, Fatfree whipped topping, optional], title: SuperDuper Cocoarific Coffee Malt, picturelink: null}, 32564: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the ginger root and water, bring to a boil and simmer for ten minutes. Taste and if it tastes too weak, continue simmering if it tastes too strong add more water. Strain and sweeten with honey to taste., ingredients: [12 cup coarsely chopped fresh ginger root dont bother peeling it but give it a quick rinse before chopping, 3 cups water, Honey to taste], title: Ginger Tea, picturelink: null}, 32565: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Remove papery outer layer from tomatillos then rinse them in warm water to remove some of their natural stickiness. Pat dry, then cut into quarters. Toss tomatillos and poblano with 2 teaspoons of the oil, place on a baking sheet and broil until charred, about 10 minutes.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add pumpkin seeds, peppercorns, allspice, and cumin and toast until pumpkin seeds are fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nIn same saute pan, heat 2 teaspoons oil over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes, add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more.nPlace tomatillos, poblano, onions and garlic, cilantro, chicken broth, jalapeno, toasted seeds and spices and salt in a blender and blend on high until totally smooth, about 30 seconds.nHeat the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil in skillet and cook the chicken until browned on both sides and nearly cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Add pepian sauce to skillet, covering chicken pieces. Bring to a simmer and cook an additional 3 to 5 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Serve chicken topped with sauce and garnished with cilantro and lime wedges.nExcellent source of: Protein, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Iron, Phosphorus, Potassium, SeleniumnGood source of: Fiber, Vitamin A, Thiamin, Riboflavin, Pantothenic Acid, Copper, Magnesium, Manganese, Zinc, ingredients: [1 pound fresh tomatillos, 1 large poblano pepper about 2 12 to 3 ounces, seeded and cut into 4 pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup raw unsalted pumpkin seeds, 5 peppercorns, 2 whole allspice, 12 teaspoon whole cumin seed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus 14 cup for garnish, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 medium 2inch jalapeno pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 6ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves, pounded to 12inch thickness, Lime wedges], title: Chicken Pepian, picturelink: xcv5VKrhI60FdaiRSX02V9wbY7nXTg.}, 32566: {instructions: Remove skin from swordfish and cut into 1inch cubes set aside.nSoak wooden skewers in water for 30 minutesnIn small bowl, stir together lemonade concentrate, garlic, vinegar, clam juice, lemon pepper, and parsley set aside. Alternate fish and tomatoes on soaked skewers. Secure both ends with a wedge of lemon.nPlace skewers in a large resealable bag. Pour in marinade. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours.nRemove skewers from refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking, to bring to room temperature.nLight grill and preheat to mediumhigh. Brush and oil grate when ready to start cooking.nRemove skewers from marinade and place on preheated, oiled grill. Discard marinade.nGrill 3 to 4 minutes per side about 12 to 16 minutes total. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds swordfish steaks, at least 1inch thick, 3 tablespoons frozen lemonade concentrate, 2 teaspoons crushed garlic, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 1 8ounce bottle clam juice, 2 teaspoons saltfree lemon pepper, 13 cup flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 24 cherry tomatoes, 2 lemons, cut into 18ths], title: Lemon Swordfish Brochettes, picturelink: 3PgXVdaKNnzhCbZfjurghWTGEo2m4m}, 32567: {instructions: In large, deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Add the onions and saute for about 1 minute. Add the garlic stir. After another 5 minutes, add the rice and white wine and a pinch of salt stir and allow to cook down for about 5 to 10 minutes. Add 2 8ounce ladles of broth. Allow to absorb into rice for about 10 minutes, stirring, then add another 2 8ounce ladles of broth and allow that to absorb for about 10 minutes. Season with freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Add spinach to broth and rice and stir in with sweet butter. Add 1 cup of the Parmigiano. When all ingredients are hot and mixed, pour and spread onto a parchment lined cookie sheet to cool. Once cool, cover with a layer of plastic wrap to avoid skin forming and refrigerate until completely cooled and firm. Refrigerate overnight if necessary.nWhen completely cooled, cover rice and spinach with remaining 12 cup Parmigiano. With hands, roll into 1 12inch balls. With fingers, make a small hole in the rice balls center and insert 1 small cube of mozzarella, and cover with more rice.nPlace flour, beaten eggs, and seasoned bread crumbs in separate bowls. Coat each ball with flour, then with whisked egg, then with seasoned breadcrumbs. Repeat with all rice balls and lay the coated balls on a cookie tray and refrigerate until ready to fry.nIn a heavy large pan, heat vegetable oil to 350 degrees F.nFry the balls, in batches, until golden brown. Remove each ball with a slotted spoon and place on parchment paper or paper towel lined cookie sheet to dry. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely minced, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, Grey salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, heated, 2 cups chopped spinach, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup small mozzarella cubes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups seasoned bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Spinach Arancini, picturelink: null}, 32568: {instructions: Toss all the ingredients with the Orange Cilantro Dressing and serve.nJuice the oranges through a strainer. Place about 12 cup of orange juice in a blender add the ginger and shallot. Puree. After ginger and shallot are blended add the rest of the orange juice and blend again. Add the balsamic vinegar and rice wine vinegar. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Finish with cilantro just before you are ready to serve., ingredients: [6 chayotes, sliced, grilled, and julienned, 4 red peppers, julienned, 2 red onions, julienned, 2 large jicama, julienned, 2 to 3 ounces mizuna or other bitter lettuce, 3 ounces Orange Cilantro Dressing, recipe follows, 6 oranges, halved and grilled, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon minced shallot, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper], title: Chayote Squash and Jicama Slaw, picturelink: null}, 32569: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Whisk together the oil, lemon juice, honey, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside.nFor the salad: Bring 2 12 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan with a tightfitting lid. Place the cranberries in a small bowl. Ladle out 12 cup of the boiling water over the cranberries to rehydrate. Pour the quinoa into the pot with the remaining boiling water, cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook until the quinoa absorbs the water, 12 to 15 minutes. Fluff with a fork, and transfer to a large bowl.nDrain the cranberries and scatter them over the quinoa. Add the scallions, almonds and vinaigrette, and fold into the salad until evenly distributed. Add the mint and serve, or chill overnight if desired., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup uncooked quinoa, 1 cup scallions, sliced into 14inch rings, 34 cup sliced, blanched almonds, 3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: GlutenFree CranberryAlmond Quinoa Salad, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 32570: {instructions: Puree the mayonnaise, roasted garlic, chives, parsley, hot sauce, vinegar, salt and pepper in a food processor., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 teaspoon white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Spiced Aioli, picturelink: null}, 32571: {instructions: Select 2 dozen of the fattest, firmest medjool dates you can find. Slit them down one side and remove the pit. Mix the marzipan with the food coloring in a small bowl the color should be a dark, not pastel, green. Stuff each date with marzipan, allowing some to show through the slit. Arrange the dates on a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 dozen medjool dates, 23 cup marzipan, 1 or 2 drops green food coloring], title: Dates Fourees, picturelink: null}, 32572: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 13by9by2inch pan with foil, leaving a 1inch overhang on all sides. Spray with nonstick spray.nUsing a stand mixer outfitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the almond butter, brown sugar, butter, baking powder and salt until creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the oats and flour and beat until combined, another 2 minutes. The mixture will be slightly crumbly. Transfer 1 12 cups of the mixture to a medium bowl, stir in the almonds and reserve. Press the remaining mixture evenly into the bottom of the prepared pan.nSpread the crust with the strawberry preserves to 12 inch from the edge. Sprinkle with the reserved crumble mixture.nBake until the top is golden brown and the preserves are bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely in the pan, then lift out and cut into squares., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying foil, 1 cup creamy unsalted almond butter, stirred well, 1 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups rolled oats, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sliced raw almonds, One 12ounce jar strawberry preserves], title: Layer Bars with Almond Butter and Strawberry Jam, picturelink: null}, 32573: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the bread and olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 12 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nCombine the cucumbers, onions, parsley, capers, olives, garlic, basil, tomatoes and cooled bread cubes in a bowl and dress with the MustardAnchovy Vinaigrette. You may use more or less vinaigrette depending on your preference. Season with salt and pepper.nPuree the vinegar, mustard, garlic, shallots and anchovies in a blender. With the motor running, emulsify the oil into the mixture. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 cups torn Tuscan bread 1 12inch pieces, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup sliced English cucumbers peeled and seeded, 12 cup finely julienned red onions, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons Spanish capers, rinsed, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped Tuscan olives, 12 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 6 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 4 heirloom tomatoes, cut into 1 12inch pieces about 2 cups, 34 cup MustardAnchovy Vinaigrette, recipe follows, or as needed, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon chopped shallots, 4 saltpacked anchovies, rinsed, 1 12 cups grapeseed oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Heirloom Tomato Panzanella, picturelink: rJ6agD.0PE4axYZc4aiIVbr.kXVBXJy}, 32574: {instructions: With electric mixer beater, cream together butter and cream cheese. With mixer on low, gradually add in flour. Form into 3 squat disks. Wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. In a small saucepan, cover the cranberries with water and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool. Drain. In a small bowl, combine pecans, brown sugar and cinnamon. Roll dough into a 10inch circles. Paint with the melted butter. Sprinkle with the sugarnut mixture and cranberries. With a pizza wheel, cut into 12 wedges. Roll up the wedges and line them up on a parchment lined or nonstick cookie sheet. Paint the rugelach with the egg wash. Bake for 15 minutes or set and light golden., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 cups all purpose or pastry flour, 12 cup dried cranberries craisins, 1 cup lightly toasted, chopped pecans, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 egg mixed with 2 tablespoons water to make a wash], title: CranberryPecan Rugelach, picturelink: xuDipR6QSAKroq.gysUqFU6gBxawUe}, 32575: {instructions: For the buttermilk brine: Whisk together the buttermilk, pickle juice, hot sauce, dill, granulated garlic, onion powder, 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper in a large dish or mixing bowl. Add the chicken pieces and refrigerate, covered, for 2 to 4 hours.nFor the dill salt: Mix together the dill, 2 tablespoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper in a small bowl.nFor the seasoning flour: Mix together the flour, cornmeal, granulated garlic, smoked paprika, mustard powder, onion powder and 2 teaspoons black pepper in a large mixing bowl.nRemove the chicken from the brine and dredge in the seasoned flour. Place on a wire rack over a baking sheet and set aside for 20 to 30 minutes to let the breading set up.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a large, heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven with 3 inches of oil heat to 350 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nWorking with 3 or 4 pieces at a time dont overcrowd the pot the oil temperature will drop too much, fry the chicken until golden brown and crisp, 7 to 8 minutes. The internal temperature should reach 165 degrees F and the meat shouldnt be pink finish any undercooked chicken in the oven. Transfer the fried chicken to the wire rack to drain. Season with dill salt while hot., ingredients: [4 cups buttermilk, 14 cup pickle juice, 14 cup hot sauce, such as Louisiana Hot Sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup fine cornmeal, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons mustard powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, Freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for deepfrying], title: Fried Chicken with Dill Salt, picturelink: Sp3va1vz6aRX8VDJgO3scf3LWhRvMO}, 32576: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill or broiler to high.nArrange the red bell, poblano, jalapeno, serrano and corn on the grill or under the broiler. Char, turning frequently, until the peppers have blistered and corn is starting to brown slightly. The smaller peppers will finish first, as they do, transfer to a small paper bag and close. Let the peppers sweat and cool, then remove the seeds and skin and dice. Cut the corn kernels from cob. Add the peppers and corn to a small bowl and stir to combine. Set aside.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, yellow bell pepper and chayote. Saute until just starting to caramelize. Season with salt, pepper and cayenne. Stir in the garlic and rice and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken stock, cover and cook for 10 minutes. Stir in prepared peppers and corn, the olives, black beans and tomatoes. Cook until the rice is tender, about 6 to 8 minutes.nTurn off the heat, add the cilantro and adjust seasonings, if necessary. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, 1 poblano pepper, 1 jalapeno pepper, 1 serrano pepper, 1 ear corn, shucked, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, about 1 cup, 12 yellow bell pepper, seeded, ribs removed and diced, 1 chayote squash, peeled, seed removed and diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups basmati rice, 5 cups chicken stock, 14 cup roughly chopped Spanish olives, 12 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 13 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Guys Spicy Spanish Rice, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 32577: {instructions: Chicken: Season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Season the flour and the panko with salt and pepper. Add the oregano and paprika to the panko and mix to combine. Put the flour, panko and eggs in separate bowls. Dip the chicken first in flour to coat, then in the eggs. Let the excess egg drain off and then evenly coat in the seasoned panko crumbs.nIn a deep saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat.nPut the chicken thighs in the hot oil and cook on first side until golden brown, then turn on the other side. Cook until the internal temperature of the chicken registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the oil and drain on paper towels. Season lightly with salt while the chicken is still hot.nCream sauce: In a saucepot over medium heat, add the pancetta and render until some of the fat is released. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes.nStir in the heavy cream and let simmer until reduced by half. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and stir in the chopped sage.nTo serve: Divide the potatoes between 2 plates and top each with 2 chicken thighs. Spoon some of the cream sauce over the top and serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn an ovenproof dish, toss together the potatoes, garlic, rosemary, thyme, and salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the olive oil over top until the potatoes are covered. Cook the potatoes in the oven until tender, about 45 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the potatoes from the oil and put in a bowl., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable oil, 4 boneless chicken thighs, pounded flat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups panko, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon paprika, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 6 ounces pancetta, diced small, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped sage leaves, Confit Potatoes, recipe follows, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, sliced into 14inch disks, 6 cloves garlic, 2 sprigs rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, enough to cover potatoes], title: Pan Fried Chicken Thighs with Pancetta Cream over Confit Potatoes, picturelink: 9Alsgfkdcgi4bKD6pwEdVdF1ZBwLG.}, 32578: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment and sprinkle with a thin layer of cornmeal.nOn a floured work surface, roll out the 3 dough portions into 3 long ropes. Line the 3 ropes up next to each other with the top ends overlapping and the bottom ends about 3 inches apart. Pinch the top ends. Braid the ropes together pull the left section over to the center, then hold the old center section with your left hand and pull it to the side. Finally, bring the right section over the center. Repeat the process, alternating sides, until the entire length of bread is braided. Join both ends to form a round wreath.nTransfer the dough wreath to the parchment lined sheet pan. Dust with flour, and cover with a kitchen towel. Let proof in a warm spot for 45 minutes.nIn a small bowl mix together the olive oil, garlic, paprika, Italian seasoning, and cheese. Set aside. Beat the egg with the water in a small bowl, and set asidenBake the bread wreath in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Remove the bread from the oven, and brush it with the olive oil mixture. Put it back in the oven, and bake it for an additional 20 minutes. In the last 10 minutes of baking, coat the entire wreath with the egg wash and sprinkle with coarse salt. Remove from the oven and serve hot., ingredients: [Cornmeal, for dusting, Flour, for work surface and dusting, 3 1pound bags refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 14 cup shredded Parmesan, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water, Coarse salt], title: Braided Bread Wreath, picturelink: null}, 32579: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the olive oil and throw in the celery, carrots, onions and basil. Fry up the vegetables until soft, and add the bread. Stir thoroughly until the bread has absorbed all the extravirgin olive oil. Add a few ladles of vegetable stock and continue to stir very well. The vegetable stock helps to break down the bread, turning it into a soft, porridgelike consistency. Add the remaining broth and let it reduce.nAdd the peeled plum tomatoes including the juices and roughly break up tomatoes with the back of a wooden spoon. Cook for an additional 10 minutes, making sure the pappa is dense, not soupy. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Let cool to room temperature and serve with a drizzle with the best extravirgin olive oil you can find., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 large celery stalk, finely chopped, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 5 fresh basil leaves, 1 loaf day old Tuscan or countrystyle bread, cut into small pieces, 3 cups vegetable stock, 1 10ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, with juices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pappa Al Pomodoro, picturelink: null}, 32580: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, saute the onions, sugar, and 1 teaspoon of the salt in the clarified butter over mediumhigh heat stir constantly to prevent burning. Cook until golden brown. Add sherry and stir to lift any caramelized onion on the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat and set aside.nSpread out the bread pieces evenly on a baking sheet. Place in the oven for about 5 to 8 minutes to dry the bread slightly but not to add color. Set aside to cool.nWhisk together the eggs, cream, mustard, thyme, the remaining salt, and pepper. Soak the bread in the egg mixture for 5 minutes.nIn a casserole dish, layer the bread with the onions and cheese. Pour the remaining egg mixture over the top.nBake for 35 minutes or until the egg mixture is set., ingredients: [1 12 pounds onions 2 to 3 medium onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 tablespoon sweet sherry, 1 large Italian or French bread loaf, crusts removed, cut into 5 by 1inch pieces, 6 eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese], title: French Onion Bread Pudding, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 32581: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPrepare 6 6ounce baking molds by brushing softened butter and lightly sprinkling them with sugar.nCombine the milk and the cornstarch in a large saucepan, and bring to a boil. Place the chopped chocolate in a large bowl. Once the milk has come to a boil, pour it over the chocolate, and mix. Add the egg yolks to the chocolate mixture, and mix until smooth.nUsing a hand held or professional mixer, combine the sugar and egg whites, whip until medium peaks. Incorporate and fold a small amount of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to bring both products to like consistencies. Add the remaining egg whites, and fold in gently. Pour batter into butter coated molds to the top, and level off the top with a spatula or palette knife. Using a clean cloth, wipe the edges off. Place the molds on a baking sheet, place in the oven, and add a small amount of water for steam. Bake the souffles for approximately 10 minutes. To test doneness, souffles should not jiggle excessively.nServe souffles immediately with a dusting of powdered sugar, or your favorite sauce., ingredients: [Softened butter, Sugar, 10 ounces milk, 12ounce cornstarch, 10 ounces dark chocolate, finely chopped, 2 ounces egg yolks, 2 ounces sugar, 7 ounces egg whites], title: Chocolate Souffle, picturelink: null}, 32582: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium high heat. Add ginger and rhubarb, and saute 2 minutes. Add water, sugar and lemon juice. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until rhubarb is very tender, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly.nScoop ice cream into glass dishes. Spoon warm rhubarb over. Garnish with mint and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 14 pounds fresh rhubarb, trimmed, cut into 12 inch pieces, 1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Vanilla ice cream, Fresh mint], title: Stewed Gingered Rhubarb with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 32583: {instructions: Bring the sorghum and 3 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer until the sorghum is tender and the water is absorbed, 50 to 60 minutes season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, put the lentils in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover by about 3 inches bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until tender, 25 to 30 minutes drain.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the celery and onion and cook until softened, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic cook for 1 minute. Stir in the cooked lentils season with some salt and pepper. Add the lentil mixture, spinach and herbs to the sorghum toss to coat. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup whole sorghum, rinsed and drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup dried sprouted lentils, rinsed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup fresh baby spinach leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as thyme, sage and parsley], title: Sorghum Salad with Sprouted Lentils and Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: mKBHIo5.KD5FIK1IiH7wvNFvuk2XJe}, 32584: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 3 to 4ounce ice pop moldsnCombine the raspberries, watermelon, coconut milk, honey, lime juice and salt in a blender and puree until smooth.nDivide the mixture evenly among four 3 to 4ounce ice pop molds and freeze until solid, at least 8 hours and preferably overnight. Let sit at room temperature for a few minutes before unmolding. Roll in toasted coconut or cocoa nibs if desired.nThe pops will keep in the freezer for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup raspberries, 1 cup cubed seedless watermelon, 13 cup coconut milk shake well before opening, 3 tablespoons honey, Juice of 1 lime, Pinch kosher salt, Toasted coconut or cocoa nibs, for serving, optional], title: WatermelonRaspberry Breakfast Pops, picturelink: Ml8FRHseHjEqI0osDnEfGGBpyYSt1Cu}, 32585: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a 12inch cast iron skillet set over medium heat. Add the bell pepper and cook until it begins to brown slightly, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic, corned beef and cabbage, thyme, oregano and black pepper to the skillet and stir to combine. Once combined, spread the hash evenly over the pan and firmly press down with a spatula. Place a heavy lid, heatproof plate or second pan directly atop the hash and allow to cook until browned, approximately 10 minutes. After 10 minutes stir mixture, press down again, top with the lid and allow to cook another 5 to 6 minutes, or until browned. Serve immediately.nCooks note: Brisket should be prepared through the brining stage, but not cooked.nPlace the corned beef, pepper, allspice, bay leaves and salt into a large 8quart pot along with 3quarts of water. Cover and set over high heat. Bring to a boil, decrease the heat to low and cook, at a low simmer for 2 12 hours.nAfter 2 12 hours add the carrots, onions, potatoes and celery. Return to a simmer and cook uncovered for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, add the cabbage and cook for an additional 15 to 20 minutes until the potatoes and cabbage are tender. Remove the bay leaves and serve immediately.nPlace the water into a large 6 to 8 quart stockpot along with salt, sugar, saltpeter, cinnamon stick, mustard seeds, peppercorns, cloves, allspice, juniper berries, bay leaves and ginger. Cook over high heat until the salt and sugar have dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the ice. Stir until the ice has melted. If necessary, place the brine into the refrigerator until it reaches a temperature of 45 degrees F. Once it has cooled, place the brisket in a 2gallon zip top bag and add the brine. Seal and lay flat inside a container, cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 days. Check daily to make sure the beef is completely submerged and stir the brine.nAfter 10 days, remove from the brine and rinse well under cool water. Place the brisket into a pot just large enough to hold the meat, add the onion, carrot and celery and cover with water by 1inch. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and gently simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Remove from the pot and thinly slice across the grain., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 5 cups leftover Corned Beef and Cabbage, well drained, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 2 12 pound CornedBeef Brisket, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 pound diced carrots, approximately 4 small, 12 pound diced onions, approximately 2 small, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and chopped, approximately 3 medium, 14 pound diced celery, approximately 2 stalks, 1 small head cabbage, chopped, approximately 2 pounds, 2 quarts water, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons saltpeter, 1 cinnamon stick, broken into several pieces, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 8 whole cloves, 8 whole allspice berries, 12 whole juniper berries, 2 bay leaves, crumbled, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 pounds ice, 1 4 to 5 pound beef brisket, trimmed, 1 small onion, quartered, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped], title: Corned Beef Hash, picturelink: QfiJBdiEeXZ5Yo.z4Sfrkk9iqUdKpq}, 32586: {}, 32587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mediumsized saute pan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, and apple and saute until just tender. Remove from the heat and add the onion mixture to the bread in a large mixing bowl. In a medium mixing bowl, beat the eggs with the milk, sage, salt, and pepper. Pour over the bread mixture and stir to combine and moisten the bread. Transfer to a casserole dish and bake for about 1 hour or until browned on top. Serve., ingredients: [Oil, for sauteing, 2 onions, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 apple, chopped, 23 loaf white bread, toasted and broken into pieces, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper], title: Moms Dressing, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 32588: {instructions: Place turnips in a 2gallon ceramic jar. In a mixing bowl, stir together water, vinegar, sugar, salt and crushed grapes and pour over turnips. Cover and refrigerate 48 hours.nTwo days later: In a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat olive oil until smoking over medium heat. Add scallions and garlic and cook until softened, about 8 minutes. Add flour and caraway and stir through. Drain turnips and add to pan. Cook until very soft, careful not to break the turnips, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, grill the sausages until just cooked through. Add to cooking brovada during last 10 minutes and serve in a large bowl with spoons., ingredients: [4 pounds turnips, peeled and cut into 14inch batons, 8 cups water, 4 cups red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons salt, 2 pounds red grapes, chopped roughly in a food processor, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 scallions, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 teaspons flour, 1 teaspoon caraway seed], title: Musetto with Brovada, picturelink: null}, 32589: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the milk just to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the eggs, sugar, and vanilla. Stir in 12 cup of the warm milk into the egg mixture, then pour all the egg mixture into the pan with the milk. Over medium low heat, whisking constantly until the mixture thickens slightly and will coat the back of a spoon. Do not allow to boil.nPlace the bananas in a food processor and pulse to a smooth puree. Add the warm custard mixture and pulse 2 to 3 times, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until the mixture is evenly blended. Cool the custard to room temperature, then place in an ice cream maker and process according to manufacturers instructions. Serve in cups, covered with Uncle Bills hot fudge sauce and garnish with a few raspberries and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [Uncle Bills Hot Fudge Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 4 large eggs, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 large, ripe bananas, peeled, Fresh raspberries, for serving, Mint sprigs, for serving], title: Frozen Banana Custard, picturelink: null}, 32590: {instructions: Whisk all ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Cover and refrigerate sauce at least 1 hour or up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons grated onion, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 3 drops hot sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Quick Seafood Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32591: {instructions: Preheat a gas or charcoal grill to high. Shape the ground turkey into 4 round patties about 1 12inches thick. Make a small indentation in the center of each patty, place 1 cube of cheese in it, and press the turkey up and around, to cover it. Brush both sides of the burger lightly with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nGrill until cooked through, about 4 minutes on each side.nWhile the burgers are cooking, brush the apples on both sides with vegetable oil and grill until golden, about 2 minutes on each side.nSplit the bread and toast on the grill, cut side down, until golden. Place a burger on the bottom of each quarter. Top with 1 or 2 apple slices, several sprigs of arugula, and the remaining bread. Arrange the burgers on a platter., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground turkey, 4 12inch cubes of Brie cheese, Olive oil, for brushing the turkey burgers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large Granny Smith apple, cored and sliced 12inch crosswise, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 loaf French or Italian bread, cut crosswise into quarters, 1 cup arugula], title: Turkey Burgers Filled with Brie and Grilled Granny Smith Apples, picturelink: null}, 32592: {instructions: An American classic with a little twist from below the South, this crisp and smoky chicken is sure to become a barbecue favorite.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, water, milk, 2 tablespoons of garlic salt and 2 tablespoons of pepper until smooth.nIn a large flat pan stir together the flour, remaining tablespoons of garlic salt, pepper, onion powder and mesquite seasoning.nFill a large heavy skillet or wok halfway full with oil and heat over mediumhigh heat to 365 degrees Fahrenheit on the barbecue grill or side burner. Use tongs to dip each chicken piece into the egg mixture, then into the flour mixture, back into the egg mixture and back into the flour mixture again. Set on a platter until all pieces are coated.nCook the chicken in batches, do not overcrowd the skillet. Brown on each side.nCoat a large baking dish generously with nonstick cooking spray then arrange the fried chicken pieces in the pan. Pour the barbecue sauce over the chicken.nBake in the oven at 365 degrees Fahrenheit for 1015 minutes in the barbecue sauce, until the sauce has bubbled and caramelized and a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the chicken breast has reached an internal temperature of 165 degrees Fahrenheit.nServe with one can 22 ounces BUSHSu00ae Bourbon and Brown Sugar Grillin Beans., ingredients: [4 eggs, 12 cup water, 34 cup milk, 3 tablespoons garlic salt, 3 tablespoons black pepper, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon mesquite seasoning, 23 cups oil for frying, or as needed, 1 4pound chicken, cut into pieces, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup 8 ounces favorite barbecue sauce, 1 can 22 ounces BUSHSu00ae Bourbon and Brown Sugar Grillin Beans], title: Southern Fried Barbecue Chicken, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 32593: {instructions: Rinse chicken with cold water pat dry. Combine 2 cups baking mix, paprika, and next 6 ingredients in a large ziptop freezer bag. Add chicken thighs, 1 at a time seal bag, and shake to coat.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a 6quart Dutch oven over medium heat. Add half of chicken, and cook 5 minutes on each side or until golden brown remove chicken. Repeat procedure with remaining oil and chicken.nAdd 12 cup chicken broth to drippings in pan, stirring to loosen browned bits from bottom.nReturn chicken to pan stir in remaining broth and 2 seasoning packets. Bring to a boil cover, reduce heat, and simmer 25 minutes.nCombine milk and remaining 2 cups baking mix in a medium bowl, stirring just until moistened. Drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto simmering chicken mixture cook, uncovered, 10 minutes. Cover, and cook 10 more minutes. Serve immediately.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. They have been tested in the Southern Living Test Kitchens. All brand names have been removed from these recipes, which originally appeared on southernlivingcookoff.com., ingredients: [8 skinned and boned chicken thighs, 4 cups allpurpose baking mix, divided, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground red pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 3 14.5ounce cans chicken broth, divided, 14 1.41ounce box coriander and annatto seasoning 2 packets, 23 cup milk], title: QuickandSpicy Chicken n Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 32594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nProcess the onion in a food processor for 10 to 15 seconds and turn out into the center of a tea towel. Gather up the ends of the towel and squeeze until almost all of the juice is removed. Discard juice.nReturn the onion to the food processor and add the lamb, garlic, marjoram, rosemary, salt, and pepper and process until it is a fine paste, approximately 1 minute. Stop the processor as needed to scrape down sides of bowl.nTo cook in the oven as a meatloaf, proceed as follows:nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the mixture into a loaf pan, making sure to press into the sides of the pan. Place the loaf pan into a water bath and bake for 60 to 75 minutes or until the mixture reaches 165 to 170 degrees F. Remove from the oven and drain off any fat. Place the loaf pan on a cooling rack and place a brick wrapped in aluminum foil directly on the surface of the meat and allow to sit for 15 to 20 minutes, until the internal temperature reaches 175 degrees F. Slice and serve on pita bread with tzatziki sauce, chopped onion, tomatoes and feta cheese.nTo cook on a rotisserie, proceed as follows:nForm the meat mixture into a loaf shape and place on top of 2 overlapping pieces of plastic wrap that are at least 18 inches long. Roll the mixture in the plastic wrap tightly, making sure to remove any air pockets. Once the meat is completely rolled in the wrap, twist the ends of the plastic wrap until the surface of the wrap is tight. Store in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or up to overnight, to allow the mixture to firm up.nPreheat the grill to high.nPlace the meat onto the rotisserie skewer. Place a doublethick piece of aluminum foil folded into a tray directly under the meat to catch any drippings. Cook on high for 15 minutes. Decrease the heat to medium and continue to cook for another 20 to 30 minutes or until the internal temperature of the meat reaches 165 degrees F. Turn off the heat and allow to continue to spin for another 10 to 15 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 175 degrees. Slice and serve on pita bread with tzatziki sauce, chopped onion, tomatoes, and feta cheese.nPlace the yogurt in a tea towel, gather up the edges, suspend over a bowl, and drain for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nPlace the chopped cucumber in a tea towel and squeeze to remove the liquid discard liquid. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the drained yogurt, cucumber, salt, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, and mint. Serve as a sauce for gyros. Store in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to a week.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 medium onion, finely chopped or shredded, 2 pounds ground lamb, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 1 tablespoon dried marjoram, 1 tablespoon dried ground rosemary, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Tzatziki Sauce, recipe follows, 16 ounces plain yogurt, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped, Pinch kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 5 to 6 mint leaves, finely minced], title: Gyro Meat with Tzatziki Sauce, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 32595: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the mayonnaise, anchovies, lemon juice, parsley and cayenne. Blend until smooth. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and refrigerate, covered tightly, for up to 2 days, until ready to serve.nCut the squid into 13inch rings. If the tentacles are large, halve or quarter them lengthwise. Refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a heavy bottomed straight sided 3 quart saucepan, about 8 inches in diameter, heat the oil to 360 degrees.nIn a shallow bowl, combine the flour and graham cracker crumbs. Toss 13 of the squid in the flour mixture to coat evenly. Shake the squid in a mesh strainer to shed extra coating. Using tongs or a slotted spoon, gently lower each batch of calamari into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt.nThe cooked squid can be kept warm in a low oven while you continue. Check your oil temperature and repeat with remaining calamari. Serve hot with chilled anchovy mayonnaise., ingredients: [34 cup jarred mayonnaise, 4 to 5 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 pound fresh, clean squid, 4 cups light olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Fried Calamari with Spicy Anchovy Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 32596: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nOn a cutting board, mash the garlic and 12 teaspoon of the salt together with the flatside of a knife into a paste. Add the rosemary and continue to mash until incorporated. Put the garlicrosemary paste in a small bowl and add 2 tablespoons of olive oil stir to combine.nSeason both sides of the brisket with a fair amount of kosher salt and ground black pepper. Place a large roasting pan or Dutch oven over mediumhigh flame and coat with the remaining olive oil. Put the brisket in the roasting pan and sear to form a nice brown crust on both sides. Lay the vegetables all around the brisket and pour the rosemary paste over the whole thing. Add the wine and tomatoes toss in the parsley and bay leaves. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and transfer to the oven. Bake for about 3 to 4 hours, basting every 30 minutes with the pan juices, until the beef is fork tender.nRemove the brisket to a cutting board and let it rest for 15 minutes. Scoop the vegetables out of the roasting pan and onto a platter, cover to keep warm. Pour out some of the excess fat, and put the roasting pan with the pan juices on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Boil and stir for 5 minutes until the sauce is reduced by 12. If you want a thicker sauce, mix 1 tablespoon of flour with 2 tablespoons of wine or water and blend into the gravy.nSlice the brisket across the grain the muscle lines at a slight diagonal. Serve with potato pancakes.n4 medium russet potatoes, peeledn2 medium onionsnKosher salt and freshly ground black peppern2 egg whites, lightly beatenn14 cup finely chopped chivesnVegetable oil, for fryingnServing suggestion: applesaucenUsing a box grater or food processor, coarsely grate the potatoes and onions. Put the grated potatoes and onions together in cheesecloth or a tea towel and twist it to squeeze out the excess liquid. Put the dry potatoes and onions in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Fold in the egg whites and chives to bind the mixture together.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and coat with 14inch of oil. For each pancake, take about 2 tablespoons of the potato mixture and drop into the hot oil gently flatten with a spatula so they fry up thin and crispy. Fry for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, until golden. Remove to paper towels to drain season with salt while the potato pancakes are still hot. Continue frying, adding more oil as needed, until all of the mixture is used up. Serve immediately with apple sauce, if desired.nYield: about 20 4inch pancakesnPrep Time: 30 minutesnCook Time: 4 minutes perbatchnEase of Preparation: Medium, ingredients: [4 large garlic cloves, smashed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, needles striped from the stem and chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 4 pound beef brisket, firstcut, Coarsely ground black pepper, 4 large carrots, cut in 3inch chunks, 3 celery stalks, cut in 3inch chunks, 4 large red onions, halved, 2 cups dry red wine, 1 16ounce can whole tomatoes, handcrushed, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour optional, Potato Pancakes, recipe follows], title: Beef Brisket, picturelink: eBeBuJp1P8hB8GG.GJYop6aVhtkFb5K}, 32597: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour enough ginger beer into a saucer to cover and dip a martini glass into the saucer to coat the rim. Dip into a saucer with ground cookie. Scoop ice into shaker. Pour ginger juice, rum and cinnamon schnapps into a shaker. Add a pinch of ground cloves. Separate an egg and add egg white to shaker. Shake vigorously for at least 20 seconds until drink is frothy and foamy. The longer you shake, the foamier the drink. Add ginger beer and stir slightly. Pour into glass.nGarnish with a cinnamon stick and crystallized ginger square, and sprinkle the top with finely ground gingerbread cookie., ingredients: [1 oz. ginger beer, Ice, 1 tsp. ginger juice, 1 12 oz. dark rum, 1 tsp. cinnamon schnapps, Pinch of ground cloves, 1 egg white, Cinnamon stick, Crystallized ginger square, Finely ground gingerbread cookie], title: Ginger Snap, picturelink: YWV4.mm2mburp3nS0nB3nFWBE4gX8am}, 32598: {instructions: Gently mix the beef, egg, onion, cracker crumbs, sage, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl using your hands. Divide into 4 equal portions and shape into oval patties, about 12 inch thick.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the patties, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nAdd 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet and cook the mushrooms until slightly browned, about 2 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper to taste, scraping up any browned bits. Sprinkle in the flour and stir, then stir in 2 12 cups hot water and simmer until the sauce begins to thicken, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, swirling to combine.nReturn the patties and any juices from the plate to the skillet. Simmer until the sauce thickens and the patties are cooked through, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve with noodles, if desired.nPer serving: Calories 352 Fat 21 g Saturated 10 g Cholesterol 141 mg Sodium 428 mg Carbohydrate 11 g Fiber 1 g Protein 27 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 onion, finely chopped about 13 cup, 7 saltine crackers, finely crushed about 14 cup, 1 teaspoon minced fresh sage, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Buttered egg noodles, for serving optional], title: Salisbury Steak With Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 32599: {instructions: Stir the fromage blanc, cream, honey, vanilla extract, lemon zest, and vanilla seeds together in a medium bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo assemble, spoon the fromage blanc mixture into shallow bowls. Place the fruit artfully on top and drizzle the dessert with raspberry sauce. Serve with extra raspberry sauce on the side. I find that some people like it less sweet with just a drizzle of sauce while others prefer more sauce.nNote: Recipe was halved for TV, ingredients: [32 ounces fromage blanc, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup good honey, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Vanilla seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean, Ripe stone fruit such as peaches, nectarines, plums, Berries such as raspberries and strawberries, Citrus fruit such as oranges, cut in segments, Raspberry Sauce], title: Honey Vanilla Fromage Blanc, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 32600: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCarefully arrange the prepared vegetables onto skewers, and put them on a baking sheet. Combine the olive oil, salt, pepper, cumin, paprika, agave and lemon juice in a small bowl. Brush the marinade on the kebabs and let marinate for 15 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat. Put the skewers on the grill and cook on all sides, about 6 minutes total. Arrange the skewers on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 baby bell peppers, 2 large shallots, peeled, halved, 1 chayote squash, seeded, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 1 yellow summer squash, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 4 flat metal skewers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Summer Veggie Kebabs, picturelink: ZI9QplqRpBIZ5c5HtNLxhiYLc6ZWv1.}, 32601: {instructions: Bake the cookies according to package directions and cool completely.nMake the turkey feathers by drawing a zigzag pattern along the edge of half of a cookie with the orange gel. Place 7 pieces of candy corn, pointedside in, along the zigzag to hold in place. Just below the feathers, make the face: squeeze 2 dots of the black gel for the eyes and a small V just below the eyes for the beak. Place a chocolate chip over each dot of gel to finish the eyes. Below the face, draw two legs with the black gel draw 2 parallel, vertical lines and 3 toes coming off of each leg. Break the pretzels to the size of the legs and adhere them to the black gel. The first turkey is complete Repeat for the remaining cookies., ingredients: [One 16.5ounce package sliceandbake sugar cookie dough, Three to four .67ounce tubes orange decorating gel or icing, 84 pieces candy corn, Three to four .67ounce tubes black decorating gel or icing, 24 bittersweet chocolate chips, 24 thin pretzel sticks, optional], title: SliceandBake Turkey Cookies, picturelink: uAZfx8sjrV2oneJCPYik2E5EcIhYgu}, 32602: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle olive oil over bread and toast lightly in the oven.nIn a large bowl, add tomatoes, lime juice, balsamic and sugar and stir to combine.nIn a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add onion and cooked until caramelized. Add radicchio and mushrooms and cook until radicchio has wilted and mushrooms have released their liquid. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add minced garlic and cooked bacon and stir to combine. Remove from heat and allow to completely cool.nFold cooked onionbacon mixture into the tomato mixture and add the chopped cilantro.nPreheat grill to high.nGrill shrimp and scallops until opaque. Season both sides with salt, pepper and crushed red pepper flakes. Remove from the grill and slice the scallops and shrimp in half.nTop each toasted bread slice with the tomato mixture, grilled scallop, and grilled shrimp and garnish with sliced green onions., ingredients: [2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 12 pieces thinly sliced French bread, 9 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 3 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 tablespoon sugar, 12 Spanish onion, sliced, 12 radicchio, thinly sliced, 12 ounce assorted mushrooms button and shiitake, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 slices bacon, chopped and cooked, 12 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 6 large shrimp, 6 large scallops, Crushed red pepper flakes, to taste, 2 tablespoons freshly sliced green onion], title: Caribbean Bruschetta with Shrimp and Scallops, picturelink: p1FLP5a6OQn.uILmoYDswtd.N99SVi6}, 32603: {instructions: Whisk together the yogurt, 2 teaspoons of the oil, garlic, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a medium bowl until well combined.nBring a pot of water to a boil and preheat an outdoor or indoor grill to medium heat. Rub the chicken thighs with the remaining 1 teaspoon oil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon pepper and 14 teaspoon salt. Grill until nicely marked and cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board at let stand for at least 5 minutes.nAdd the orzo to the boiling water and cook according to package directions for al dente, stirring in the peas the last minute of cooking. Drain the orzo and peas, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Stir the orzo and peas into the yogurt mixture, along with the goat cheese, 3 tablespoons of the fresh herbs and at least 34 cup of the cooking liquid, until well combined. Transfer to a platter.nThinly slice the chicken and arrange on top of the orzo. Sprinkle with the lemon zest and the remaining 1 tablespoon fresh herbs and serve., ingredients: [14 cup plain fatfree Greek yogurt, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, minced, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 boneless skinless chicken thighs, 1 cup whole wheat or other whole grain orzo, 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed and patted dry, 2 ounces finely crumbled goat cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, such as basil and tarragon], title: Creamy LemonPepper Orzo with Grilled Chicken, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 32604: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to medium.nPlace the peaches cut side down on the grill until browned. Remove from the grill, cut into wedges and place into a gratin dish. To the peaches add half the butter, half the brown sugar and half the cinnamon, and toss. Add the remaining butter, sugar and cinnamon to the granola in a small bowl and toss until combined, adding more butter if needed. Top the peaches with the granola mixture and place the gratin dish onto the grill. Close and bake until the peaches and granola are golden brown, about 15 minutes.nPlace 1 large scoop of ice cream into 4 bowls and top with the peache mixture. Drizzle with some of the caramel sauce., ingredients: [6 ripe peaches, halved, pit removed, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted cold butter, melted, plus more if needed, divided, 8 tablespoons light brown sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided, 12 cup granola, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 12 cup prepared caramel sauce, heated], title: Grilled Peach Cobbler, picturelink: mMcASfXJ9ZTN6DTh5u5nkH0fj7K8Fpy}, 32605: {instructions: Vinaigrette:nPlace vinegar in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSteak:nPreheat the broiler.nBroil skirt steak until cooked to desired temperature, about 5 minutes. While broiling, baste it occasionally with soy sauce. Remove from heat and let stand while you prepare the salad.nSalad:nPlace lettuce in a large bowl. Drizzle with some of the vinaigrette, sprinkle with oregano, and season with salt and pepper, to taste toss to combine. Add more dressing, if desired. Divide salad among 2 plates. Arrange tomato, onion, olives, and pepperoncini around the plate.nSlice steak into thin pieces and divide evenly among salads. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup white vinegar, 12 cup corn oil, Salt and pepper, 1 6ounce skirt steak, Soy sauce, for basting, 1 large romaine heart, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed, 1 tomato, sliced, 1 red onion, cut into rings, 3 kalamata olives, sliced, 2 pepperoncini], title: Insalata Mista con Carne, picturelink: null}, 32606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 7quart pressure cookernWhisk the flour, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon of the salt together in a medium mixing bowl. Rub the shortening into the flour mixture using your fingertips until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk, 1ounce at a time, just until you have a rough ball of workable dough. Knead the dough 3 to 4 times, until it is mostly smooth, but do not overwork.nDivide the dough into 2 equal pieces. Roll out each piece of dough, using a floured rolling pin, to a sheet about 116inch thick, on floured piece of waxed paper or parchment paper.nCover the dough, still on the waxed paper or parchment, with a tea towel, and dry for at least 8 hours. This can be done the night before or early in the morning.nTwo to three hours before the dumplings are ready to cook, put the hen, water, and the remaining tablespoon of salt in a 7quart pressure cooker. Do not fill above the cookers maximum fill line, or 23 full. Cover and lock the lid. Bring to pressure over high heat, approximately 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, so that you barely hear hissing from the pot. Cook for 45 minutes.nRelease the pressure using the cookers release device read the manual or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 5 minutes. Open carefully. Remove the hen from the broth and set aside to cool. The meat should be tender and falling away from the bone. Once the hen is cool enough to handle, pull the meat from the bones in small pieces, cover and set aside. Discard the skin and bones.nSet a cheeseclothlined colander in a large container and pour in the broth, discarding the solids. Taste and season the broth with additional salt, if needed. Return the broth to the pressure cooker, cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium to maintain a gentle boil.nCut the dough into 12inch wide strips, break into 1 12inch long pieces, and drop into the boiling broth. When all the dough has been used, gently push all of the dumplings down into the broth with a slotted spoon. Do not stir the dumplings. Cook the dumplings until they are cooked through, but not falling apart, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the meat. Serve in bowls with freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 2 cups, plus extra for rolling, 2 teaspoons aluminum free baking powder, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 13 cup vegetable shortening, at room temperature, 12 cup skim milk, chilled, 5 to 5 12 pound stewing hen, giblets removed, 7 to 9 cups water, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Rolled Dumplings, picturelink: ZVKF4UdovraHojGbz9K4ZJbWPd31VA.}, 32607: {instructions: Whisk the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk the eggs, buttermilk and sugar in a large bowl until foamy, then stir in the melted butter. Add the flour mixture and stir until just combined. The batter will be thick its OK if there are a few lumps.nHeat a large skillet over mediumlow heat until hot. Lightly brush with vegetable oil. Drop a heaping 14 cupful of batter into the skillet for each pancake and spread into a 4to5inch round with the back of a spoon. Cook until the bubbles on top burst and the edges begin browning, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 more minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter, brushing the skillet with more vegetable oil between batches. Serve with butter and syrup.nPhotograph by Travis Rathbone, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 34 cups buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for topping, Vegetable oil, for the skillet, Maple syrup, for topping], title: Buttermilk Pancakes, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 32608: {instructions: Put the olive oil, cider vinegar, sugar, shallots, salt and pepper into a jar with a tightfitting lid. Shake well.nStore in the refrigerator and shake before using, ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: Geechee Girl Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 32609: {instructions: Place the fish in a resealable bag or container. Combine the beer, chili powder, brown sugar, salt, cumin, garlic and lime zest and juice in a large bowl. Give it a good stir and pour it over the fish. Marinate the fish for 30 minutes in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nTake the fish out of the marinade and pat dry completely. Brush the fish with the oil and grill until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate, cover with foil and let rest for 5 minute. Slice each fillet into slices.nHeat the tortillas on the grill for about a minute, or wrap them in a damp towel and microwave until warm, soft and pliable, about 1 minute.nSpread some of the Carlsbad Cream onto the warmed tortillas. Place a few slices of fish on top of each and then top with some cabbage and Pickled Red Onions. Serve with lime wedges on the side.nCombine the sour cream, mayonnaise, hot sauce, salt and lime zest in a medium bowl and stir. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nWhisk the vinegar, sugar and salt together in a mixing bowl until the sugar and salt have dissolved. Add the oregano and onions, cover and allow to rest for 2 hours. Store in a jar or resealable glass container in the refrigerator for up to a month., ingredients: [2 pounds firm white fish such as rockfish, halibut or tilapia, skin removed, One 12ounce bottle Mexican or pilsner beer, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Zest of 1 lime plus juice of 2 limes, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 12 corn tortillas, Carlsbad Cream, recipe follows, 4 cups shredded napa or green cabbage, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, Lime wedges, for serving, 34 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 lime, zested, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 red onion, thinly sliced], title: Chula Vista Fish Tacos with Pickled Onions and Carlsbad Cream, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 32610: {instructions: Stir the picante sauce, orange juice, oil, brown sugar, soy sauce, mustard and ginger in a shallow, nonmetallic dish or gallon size resealable plastic bag. Add the beef and turn to coat. Cover the dish or seal the bag and refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight.nLightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the beef for 10 minutes for mediumrare or to desired doneness, turning the beef over once during grilling and basting often with the picante sauce mixture.nHeat the remaining picante sauce mixture in a 1quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook for 10 minutes or until the mixture is thickened, stirring occasionally.nSlice the beef and serve with the picante sauce mixture and rice. Sprinkle with the parsley.nFor a flavor twist, substitute 1 can about 20 ounces crushed pineapple, undrained, for the orange juice., ingredients: [1 jar 16 ounces Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 2 cups orange juice, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 beef flank steak about 2 pounds, Hot cooked rice, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Firecracker Flank Steak, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 32611: {instructions: Place an 8inch nonstick skillet over low heat for 2 minutes. Crack the eggs into a custard cup. Melt the butter in the pan and once it foams, gently add the eggs. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Cover and cook for 3 minutes for slightly runny yolks and 5 to 6 minutes for set yolks. Serve immediately on a warm plate., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Man Eggs, picturelink: null}, 32612: {instructions: Boil, peel and cube 2 pounds russet potatoes toss with 2 tablespoons cider vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt. Mix 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 chopped scallions, 1 chopped celery stalk, 1 tablespoon each dijon mustard and vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, and salt. Toss with the potatoes.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Classic Potato Salad, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 32613: {instructions: In a large saucepan or kettle depending on the number of chicken breasts to be poached combine the chicken breasts with enough cold water to cover them by 1 inch. Remove the chicken, bring the water to a boil, and add salt to taste. Return the chicken to the pan and poach it at a bare simmer for 17 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, let the chicken cool in the liquid for 30 minutes, and drain it., ingredients: [Whole chicken breasts with skin and bone about 1 pound each], title: To Poach Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 32614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWarm the 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the sundried tomatoes, spinach, salt, pepper, and thyme. Cook until combined, about 2 more minutes. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl. Add the goat cheese and the cream cheese. Stir to combine and set aside.nUse a sharp knife to cut a pocket into the thickest portion of the pork chop. Stuff each pocket with 14 of the spinach and sundried tomato mixture and close the pork around the stuffing. Season the outside of the pork with salt and pepper.nIn a small bowl combine the chicken broth, lemon zest, lemon juice, and mustard.nWarm the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot add the pork. Cook until golden and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the pork to a side dish and tent with foil to keep warm. Add the chicken broth mixture to the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Scrape up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan as the chicken broth simmers. Reduce the broth by half to make a light sauce, about 8 minutes. Spoon some sauce over the pork before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 sundried tomatoes, diced, 1 10ounce bag of frozen spinach, thawed and excess water squeezed out, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup 2 ounces goat cheese, 13 cup reducedfat cream cheese, 4 4ounce centercut pork chops, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 12 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard], title: Pork Chops Stuffed with SunDried Tomatoes and Spinach, picturelink: iHrY3IZrY7Cl63zmeNG958F5gxSHOvS}, 32615: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Be sure your oven is very cleannPlace the beef on a sheet pan and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Spread the butter all over the beef with your hands. Sprinkle the beef evenly with 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 12 teaspoons pepper. Roast for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for mediumrare.nRemove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the fillet about 14inch thick.nOpen the baguettes lengthwise but not all the way through. Spread the bottom halves generously with the truffle butter. Top with a layer of sliced beef and sprinkle it with salt and pepper.nUsing a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan into thin shards and scatter the shards over the sliced beef on each sandwich. Finish with a sprinkling of arugula leaves. Fold the tops of the sandwiches over, cut each baguette diagonally in 3 or 4 sandwiches, and serve right away., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds fillet of beef, trimmed and tied, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 French baguettes, 18 to 20 inches long, 3 ounces black truffle butter, at room temperature, 1 2ounce chunk good Parmesan cheese, Fresh baby arugula], title: Truffled Fillet of Beef Sandwiches, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 32616: {instructions: For the Lime Chile Coriander Butter: Mix together the coriander, garlic, lime zest and juice, chile and butter until combined. Scrape into a small ramekin and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the lobster: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat and lightly oil the grates.nTo kill the lobsters humanely, set each of them side by side on a board in front of you, claws facing towards the right. On top of the lobster shell, youll see a cross shape just below the head. Stick the point of a sharp, heavy knife at the cross and push it through to the board. The lobster will be killed instantly. Afterwards, take the knife and slice down the middle of the lobster, lengthwise. Repeat with the second lobster.nLook at the insides of the lobsters. Remove and discard what you see in the sac behind the eyes, then you will see the little palecolored claws. Pull those from the shells, and discard them as well. Remove, and reserve the green stuff, which, despite appearances, is a delicacy called the tomalley, the lobster liver. Cooks Note: Youll need to saute the tomalley gently if you want to eat it, as it will simply burn on the barbecue or griddle. Treat similarly any coral sac you may find, as this is the lobster roe.nRemove the claws as they cook since they coagulate at different rates compared to the rest of the lobster. Crack them open by hitting them with a sharp knife to help the heat penetrate the flesh. Place the lobster claws on the searinghot grill, and cook for 6 minutes, then turn and add the lobster halves, cutside down, to the grill. Cook the halves for 3 minutes, then turn them, and cook for another 2 minutes. The claws take another 6 minutes on their second side, so the pieces should be ready at the same time.nIf you are using a griddle, get your griddle pan as hot as possible, and paint the lobsters with oil before setting them in the pan. The cooking times will be the same. The lobster will turn from bluishblack to bright orange when cooked. Serve the finished product with lemon or lime wedges.nFor the prawns:nMix together the oil, vinegar, garlic, parsley, and adjust the seasonings with salt, and black pepper. Pull the heads from the prawns and remove the little legs.nCooks note: You can either discard these trimmings or use them to make fish stock.nWith a sharp knife, make a shallow cut down the back of each prawn and, with your finger or a cocktail stick, discard the black vein. Add the tails to the oil and vinegar mixture, cover, and leave them to marinate in the refrigerator for about 1 hour. Meanwhile, if you intend to cook the prawns on wooden skewers, soak the skewers in cold water while the prawns marinate to prevent the skewers from burning on the grill.nPreheat the broiler or preheat a griddle on mediumhigh heat.nRemove the prawns from their marinade, and cook them either on the soaked wooden skewers on a very hot grill or under a hot broiler. Alternatively, grill them in a searing griddle pan. In either case, the prawns should cook for 3 minutes per side, and baste them with the marinade throughout the process. Serve the prawns or shrimp with lemon or lime wedges., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 1 lime, zest only, 12 lime, juice only, 1 red chilli, finely chopped, 75g2 34 ounces butter, softened, 22pound live lobsters, Oil, for brushing, Lime or lemon wedges, for service, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 raw langoustines or tiger prawns jumbo shrimp, heads and tails intact, Lemon or lime wedges, for service], title: Barbecued Grilled Lobster and Prawns, picturelink: null}, 32617: {instructions: Toss the watermelon, diced strawberries, sugar and salt in a large bowl to blend. Let stand until the sugar dissolves and a syrup forms, stirring occasionally, at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes.nWorking in batches, puree the fruit mixture with the tequila and 2 teaspoons of the lime juice, combining each batch in a large pitcher. Stir to blend. Add more lime juice if desired. Refrigerate until very cold, at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours.nFor the garnish: Thread 1 strawberry, 1 lime wedge and 1 watermelon cube onto 6 skewers. Divide the agua fresca among 6 chilled glasses. Stick a skewer with garnishes into each drink and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds cubed watermelon about 6 cups, 4 cups diced stemmed strawberries measured from 1 12 pounds, 34 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup silver tequila, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice from 1 large lime, plus extra as needed, 3 whole strawberries, halved, 6 lime wedges, Six 1inch cubes watermelon], title: Watermelon, Strawberry and Tequila Agua Fresca, picturelink: 1kc75QSz0Sor9RG8B1m9F9QVbc3Orvq}, 32618: {instructions: Put the leeks, potatoes, celery and onions in a pot. Add mineral water to cover and season with salt and pepper. Cover, bring to a boil and simmer until very tender. Puree and strain into a glass bowl. Thin with the cream, and with more liquid if needed. Let cool, then chill.nBefore serving, thin the soup to the desired consistency with more water or milk. You can also use chicken stock, but if youre trying to be vegetarian, then obviously dont. Check the seasonings. Serve sprinkled with chives., ingredients: [4 leeks, sliced and washed, 4 potatoes, peeled and sliced or chopped, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 1 onion or 3 shallots, sliced, Mineral water, such as Vichy, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup60 ml heavy cream or milk, plus more if needed, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Vichyssoise, picturelink: null}, 32619: {instructions: Whisk oil, vinegar, mustard, garlic and sugar together in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Pour the dressing over the vegetables, add the cilantro and mix to combine.nCombine all vegetables in a large bowl., ingredients: [2 cups cooked baby lima beans, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 2 cups cooked thin green beans, 2 ripe plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced on diagonal, 12 red onion finely sliced, Combine all vegetables in a large bowl., 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Pinch of sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro], title: Succotash Salad, picturelink: null}, 32620: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by9inch baking pan with some butter.nMix 14 cup of the milk, the sour cream, almond extract, vanilla extract and egg whites in a bowl and blend thoroughly.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the butter gradually, beating for at least 2 minutes on low speed. Add the wet ingredient mixture and beat for 2 minutes. Add the remaining 12 cup milk and blend until smooth on medium speed.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean, about 35 minutes.nCool to room temperature and then decorate with the Black Sheep Crusting Buttercream.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the shortening, coffee creamer and vanilla extract until combined. Gradually mix in the confectioners sugar, scraping down the sides as you go. Set the mixer to medium speed and add water, a little bit at a time, until you achieve the correct consistency., ingredients: [4 12 cups butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 34 cups milk, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 egg whites, at room temperature, 2 14 cups white cake flour, 1 34 cups sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Black Sheep Crusting Buttercream, recipe follows, 5 cups highratio shortening, 34 cup very hot coffee creamer, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 pounds confectioners sugar], title: Edelweiss White Cake, picturelink: XzOj.JBXzFQzxAdTRx1bbjkOxX2BXau}, 32621: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with softened butter and sprinkle with salt and sugar. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nSpread softened almond paste on the toast rounds. Press toasted pine nuts into the paste, then brush with melted butter dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: AlmondPine Nut Bruschetta, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 32622: {instructions: Prepare the broccoli rabe by discarding coarse leaves, trim the stems by 12 inch, rinse and set aside. Bring water to boil, cook broccoli rabe for 2 minutes and drain. In a frying pan, heat oil, garlic, salt and hot pepper, add broccoli rabe and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Allow rabe to cool, and cut into 1inch pieces.nBegin to butterfly the pork tenderloin evenly. Lay flat on clean surface and top with 3 slices of prosciutto, then add chopped broccoli rabe. Start to roll the tenderloin from the bottom. Tie with 14inches of butcher string making a knot.nGrill on covered barbecue for approximately 25 to 35 minutes on medium to high flame. Drizzle with white wine and cook for additional 2 minutes. Turn occasionally to cook evenly., ingredients: [1 pound fresh broccoli rabe, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 dry red hot pepper, crushed, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, 3 slices prosciutto, 12 cup white wine], title: Pork Tenderloin Stuffed with Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 32623: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPeel potatoes and cut lengthwise into quarterinch thick slices. Cut again into 14inch thick fries. Place the potatoes into a bowl with cold water this will help keep the fries crisp. Just before cooking, drain water and place on paper towel, pat dry.nPut the potatoes in a bowl add olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper. Toss well and lay out in 1 layer on nonstick baking sheet. Bake until light brown. Cook for approximately 30 to 40 minutes, turning frequently until golden brown.nRemove from oven, allow to cool for 1 or 2 minutes and serve., ingredients: [6 russet potatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Pommes Frites, picturelink: null}, 32624: {instructions: To prepare the salad, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a foil baking sheet or other large rimmed pan with parchment paper or foil, making sure to cover the pan completely and over the rim so it catches all the juices from the mushrooms.nPlace the mushrooms in a single layer on the prepared pan, Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until they have started to soften and lose their juices. Carefully tip the pan to pour the liquid into a bowl set aside. Let the mushrooms cool slightly, then chop into bitesized pieces. In a medium bowl, toss the mushrooms with the red onion.nTo serve, divide the greens among the plates and top with the warm mushrooms. Scatter the feta and pecans over the mushrooms. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, and mustard to the reserved mushroom juice, mix well, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Drizzle over the salads and serve immediately.nNote: To toast the nuts, place them in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Toss them continuously in the skillet until they begin to turn a light golden color. Transfer the nuts to a plate and spread them out in a single layer to cool., ingredients: [4 cups mixed mushrooms, such as cremini, shiitake and oyster, 12 red onion, finely diced, 4 cups mixed baby Asian greens, such as mizuna or tatsoi, or curly endive, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese, 13 cup chopped toasted pecans, walnuts or pine nuts see note, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly squeeze lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon or horseradish mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm Roasted Mushroom and Feta Salad, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 32625: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChar the peppers on the stovetop or under the broiler with the oven door cracked for the steam to escape. Place the charred peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to cool. Scrape or peel the skin from the peppers, then seed, and thinly slice.nHeat 14 cup extravirgin olive oil in a large Dutch oven or large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and brown 12 to 15 minutes until darkened and tender. Add the Fresno peppers, onion, carrot, garlic, paprika, salt, and pepper, and cook to soften, 10 minutes more.nAdd the tomato paste to the vegetables and stir 1 minute. Add the stock, wine, Worcestershire sauce, and roasted red peppers. Simmer a few minutes for the flavors to combine, then cool completely and store for makeahead meal.nReheat the mushrooms and sauce over medium heat, stirring occasionally.nIn boiling salted water, cook the egg noodles or egg pasta to al dente and toss with butter and herbs.nStir a few spoonfuls of sour cream into the paprikash and serve in shallow bowls on a bed of noodles or pasta., ingredients: [2 large red mild frying peppers or red bell peppers, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 large portabella mushroom caps, gills scraped, wiped clean and chopped into bitesize pieces, 2 Fresno chile peppers, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped or grated, 4 large cloves garlic, sliced, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika or smoked sweet paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 8 ounces wide egg noodles or 1 pound egg tagliatelle, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, parsley, or dill, Sour cream, as needed], title: Hungarian Portobello Paprikash, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 32626: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, bacon and onion and saute until the meat is cooked through and the onion is golden, about 8 minutes. Drain off the fat. Add the potato, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook to warm the potato, about 3 minutes.nMix together the halfandhalf, eggs and some salt and pepper in a pitcher or bowl until combined.nLower the heat under the skillet to medium low. Pour in the egg mixture and cook until soft, creamy curds begin to form, a few minutes. Add the cheese and green onions and cook, stirring, until the eggs are cooked and the cheese is almost totally melted, a few minutes more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces breakfast sausage, 4 slices bacon, cut into small pieces, 12 onion, diced, 1 leftover baked small russet potato, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup halfandhalf, 6 large eggs, 12 cup smallcubed Cheddar, 4 green onions, sliced], title: Meat and Potato Scramble, picturelink: Unb0DTwQ.GDADR5nqfV7YxzJJgxsJdu}, 32627: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine vinegar, wine, shallots, and dried tarragon and simmer over moderate heat until reduced to 2 tablespoons of liquid. Cool and strain through a fine sieve.nIn the top of double boiler or a heatproof bowl whisk the egg yolks until they become thick and sticky. Whisk in the reduced vinegar mixture and pepper. Place the pan or bowl over a saucepan of simmering, not boiling, water. Whisk until mixture is warm, about 2 minutes. If mixture appears to become lumpy, dip pan immediately in a bowl of ice water to cool, whisk until smooth and then continue recipe. The yolk mixture has thickened enough when you can see the bottom of the pan between strokes and mixture forms a light cream on the wires of the whip.nWhile whisking the yolk mixture gradually pour in the melted butter, a tablespoon or so at a time whisking thoroughly to incorporate before adding more butter. As the mixture begins to thicken and become creamy, the butter can be added more rapidly. Do not add the milk solids at the bottom of the melted butter.nSeason the sauce to taste with chopped tarragon, salt and pepper. To keep the sauce warm, set the pan or bowl in lukewarm water or in a thermos., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, Salt and pepper, 3 egg yolks, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted in saucepan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon], title: Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32628: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a large pot add the shallots. Saute the shallots until they are translucent. Add the farro, stir and lightly toast and coat with the butter. Add 1 cup Chianti and let it reduce completely, stirring constantly.nLadle 12 cup vegetable stock at a time into the farro. Continue stirring, adding more vegetable stock as it evaporates. Repeat the process until the stock is gone.nContinue the process using the remainder of the wine. Cook for another 12 to 15 minutes or until the farro is al dente.nStir in the grated Parmigiano cheese and the remaining butter. Transfer the risotto to a warm bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 shallots, diced, 14 ounces farro or wheat berries, 3 cups Chianti Classico wine, 2 cups vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Farro Risotto al Chianti, picturelink: null}, 32629: {instructions: Cook one 12ounce bag frozen shelled edamame as the label directs drain and run under cold water to cool. Transfer to a food processor and add 12 cup each pepitas and cilantro, the juice of 2 limes, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup water and 3 thinly sliced scallions white and light green parts. Add 1 to 2 minced seeded red jalapenos reserve 1 teaspoon for topping and 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt and puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and season with more salt. Top with more pepitas and scallions and the reserved jalapeno.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Mock Guacamole, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 32630: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet. Gently saute onions, garlic and hot peppers, then add beans and vinegar and cook for about 5 minutes. Add the rice to the beans, then stir in stock, reduce heat, and simmer until rice is cooked, about 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in parsley, chives, hot sauce, salt, and pepper and serve., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and diced while handling, protect your hands and eyes, and avoid breathing fumes, 2 16ounce cans black beans or your choice of beans, rinsed clean, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 cup dry rice, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Hot sauce, to taste recommended: Tabasco, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Caribbean Rice and Beans, picturelink: Sgq65yqXWx79bNLmSqFY9uJWUrEUWF2}, 32631: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nSeason both fillet and mushroom with a heavy shake of seasoning and then place both on grill grill until desired degree of doneness. Transfer to a serving plate.nWhile fillet is on the grill, combine horseradish cheese, horseradish, heavy cream, beer, 12 of the green onions, and 12 of the carrots in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir until creamy and heated through. Pour sauce over fillet on plate. Sprinkle chopped peanuts and remaining green onions and carrots over top. Serve with the grilled mushroom., ingredients: [One 8ounce beef fillet, 1 large mushroom, marinated in your favorite marinade, Steak seasoning recommended: KC Steak Seasoning, 8 ounces horseradish cheese, shredded, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup beer recommended: ODouls, 14 cup minced green onions, 14 cup finely diced carrots, 14 cup peanuts, chopped], title: The Working Mans Fillet, picturelink: null}, 32632: {instructions: Combine the teff flour and 12 cups water. Mix, cover and store in a dark, cool place for 3 to 4 days to ferment, giving it its sour flavor. On the last day of fermentation, mix the teff flour mixture with the barley and wheat flours. Let rest for another 8 hours. Heat a large castiron pan over medium heat. Pour 1 cup fermented mixture into it, swirling the pan to cover the entire surface area. Cover with a lid, 2 to 3 minutes. Injera is ready to plate when holes have formed on the surface., ingredients: [1 12 pounds teff flour, 12 pound barley flour, 14 cup wheat flour], title: Injera Fermented Sourdough Bread, picturelink: null}, 32633: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine cake mix, eggs, coffee, oil and flour in large bowl. Beat on low speed until all ingredients are moistened then beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Dough will be sticky. Fold in chocolate pieces, pecans and candy until evenly distributed. Using about half of the batter, drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart.nBake for 12 to 14 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet on a wire rack for 4 to 5 minutes or until firm. With a metal spatula, transfer the cookies to the wire rack to cool. Repeat with the remaining batter. Serve slightly warm or store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 box 18 14 ounces devils food cake mix, 2 eggs, 14 cup hot coffee or hot water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup semisweet chocolate pieces, 1 cup chopped pecans, 34 cup bits of chocolatetoffee candy], title: Devils Food Cookies, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 32634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLay out the toast slices and spread them with the goat cheese. Place the arugula and sliced tomato on top of the goat cheese, and serve., ingredients: [6 slices good country white bread, crusts removed and toasted, 4 ounces goat cheese, 4 ounces baby arugula, 2 medium tomatoes, sliced], title: Arugula and Goat Cheese Tartine, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 32635: {instructions: In a large pot combine all of the ingredients and bring soup to a boil over moderately high heat. Reduce heat and simmer soup, partially covered, for 1 hour. Remove ham hock from soup, remove meat from bone and shred or dice ham. Stir ham into soup and continue to simmer for another 20 minutes. Taste soup and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Stir in parsley and serve hot., ingredients: [1 smoked ham hock, 1 pound brown or green lentils, picked over and rinsed, 3 cups sliced mushrooms, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 carrots, chopped, 3 ribs of celery, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 cups chicken broth, 8 cups water, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Hearty Lentil Soup with Ham, picturelink: null}, 32636: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: In a medium bowl, with an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter until well combined. Add the flour and mix until the dough forms a ball. Pat the dough into a 9inch pie pan. Chill until ready to use.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, with an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar at medium speed until light. Add the yolks 1 at a time, beating at low speed until well incorporated. Slowly add the tea. Add lemon zest and lemon juice. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the flour, cornmeal, and salt and mix well.nPour the mixture into the prepared crust. Bake until set, about 45 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack, and then chill for 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 8 large egg yolks, 34 cup strong steeped orange pekoe tea, cooled, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Sweet Tea Pie, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 32637: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl and set aside.nPlace the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar into a stand mixer and beat on mediumhigh speed until combined. Scrap down the sides and mix briefly. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat on mediumhigh until combined. Mix in the lemon curd, stem ginger and lemon zest.nLower the speed to medium and slowly beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches. Fold in the white chocolate chips.nScoop 6 heaping tablespoons of dough onto each prepared baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Bake until golden brown, 11 to 15 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for 15 minutes before transferring to a rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour scooped, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large organic eggs, 13 cup prepared lemon curd, 14 cup chopped stem ginger about 3 balls of ginger, 2 teaspoons lemon zest from about 1 lemon, 5 ounces white chocolate chips], title: Lemon Curd and Stem Ginger White Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 32638: {instructions: Heat grill to medium.nFinely grind the chicken breast, onion, garlic and ginger together and place in a medium bowl. Add the rice wine vinegar, soy sauce and sesame oil and mix thoroughly. Shape this mixture into 2 by 1inch patties and let rest in the refrigerator for 5 minutes. Toast the brioche rolls, then grill the chicken patties for about 5 to 6 minutes over a medium heat. Dont try to cook faster over high heat as the outside will be cooked and not the inside.nTo finish, place 1 patty on the bottom of each toasted bun, top with cheese, sliced tomato, onion and iceberg lettuce and cover with the bun top., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, 1 large white onion, 3 cloves whole garlic, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 6 brioche rolls or roll of choice, 8 slices havarti cheese, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 1 red onion, sliced into rings, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce], title: BBQ Barbie  Mini Chicken Sliders, picturelink: null}, 32639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 7 minutes.nAdd the celery, onions, thyme, rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the pot. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the kale and cook, stirring, until just softened, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and set aside.nWhisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the bread cubes and the sausage mixture stir to combine. Fold in the provolone. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into cubes and dot over the stuffing. Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden brown, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Chris Court, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch kale preferably Tuscan, stemmed and chopped, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 16 cups 12inch stale white bread cubes about 1 12 pounds, 4 ounces provolone cheese, cut into 12inch cubes], title: Sausage and Kale Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 32640: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread coconut on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until light brown, 8 to 10 minutes, rotating pan once. Set aside to cool. Lightly frost cupcakes with 1 cup chocolate buttercream set aside. Tint 2 tablespoons reserved buttercream pale yellow place in a pastry bag fitted with a 349 Ateco leaf tip set aside. Tint remaining buttercream light blue place in a pastry bag fitted with a 11 Ateco plain round tip, and pipe bluebird heads, 34inch in diameter, onto each cupcake. Using leaf tip, pipe yellow beaks. With a toothpick, add meltedchocolate eyes. Form each nest with 2 tablespoons toasted coconut.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with paper liners set aside. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time, scrape down bowl, and beat in vanilla. Add flour mixture and milk alternatively, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Divide batter evenly among each liner, about 34 full. Bake until golden and tops spring back to the touch, about 20 minutes, rotating pan once, if needed. Transfer pans to wire rack cool completely.nCombine sugar and egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Place over a pot of simmering water whisk until hot and sugar is completely dissolved, about 3 minutes. Transfer bowl to mixer stand, and beat on high speed until cooled, 7 to 10 minutes. Replace whisk with paddle attachment, and set mixer on mediumhigh speed add butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons at a time, until incorporated. Remove all but 1 cup of buttercream. Reserve remaining buttercream for decorating. Beat in chocolate. If not using immediately, refrigerate buttercream in an airtight container for up to a week. Bring to room temperature, and rebeat or stir vigorously before using. Yield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1 12 cups shredded coconut about 5 ounces, Vanilla Cupcakes, recipe follows, Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows, Yellow and lightblue food coloring, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup milk, 34 cup sugar, 3 large egg whites, 1 cup 2 sticks plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, reserve a small amount for decorating], title: Nesting Bluebird Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 32641: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nToast the walnuts on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature.nHeat the maple syrup in a 1 12quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the syrup begins to boil, reduce the heat to medium and allow the syrup to continue to boil and thicken for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally with a metal spoon. Remove the very hot syrup from the heat. Immediately add the walnuts to the syrup and stir to combine. Transfer the glazed walnuts to a baking sheet with sides. Use a metal spoon to spread the walnuts evenly over one half of the baking sheet. Set aside.nPlace the sugar and lemon juice in a 3quart saucepan. Stir with a whisk to combine the sugar will resemble moist sand. Caramelize the sugar by heating for 10 to 10 12 minutes over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a wire whisk to break up any lumps the sugar will first turn clear as it liquefies, then light brown as it caramelizes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, add the unsweetened chocolate and stir to dissolve. Immediately and carefully pour the caramelized mixture over the walnuts, covering all the nuts. Allow to harden at room temperature for at least 30 minutes.nInvert the praline onto a clean, dry cutting board it should pop right out of the baking sheet, this will keep the shiny side looking shiny after cutting. Use a sharp serrated slicer to cut use a sawing motion the praline into desired size pieces. Store the pralines in a tightly sealed plastic container until ready to devour., ingredients: [1 12 cups walnut pieces, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces], title: Chocolate Maple Walnut Praline, picturelink: null}, 32642: {instructions: Melt butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add sage and cook until butter is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Whisk in flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in wine and simmer for 2 minutes. Whisk in Alfredo sauce. Gradually add cheese, whisking until cheese melts and mixture is smooth. Transfer mixture to a fondue pot, chafing dish or ceramic bowl. Serve with bread and potatoes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons fresh sage, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 1 16ounce jar Alfredo sauce, 1 8ounce package shredded fourcheese Italian blend provolone, Parmesan, Romano, and Asiago cheeses, Bread slices, for dipping, Red potatoes, cooked and diced, for dipping], title: Italian Fondue, picturelink: null}, 32643: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large straight sided skillet lightly with olive oil. Add the bacon, garlic and red pepper flakes and bring to a medium heat. Cook until the bacon has gotten brown and crispy and has let off most of the fat. When the garlic becomes golden brown and very aromatic, remove and discard. They have fulfilled their garlic destiny.nAdd the mushrooms to the bacon pan, season with salt, to taste, and cook until they become soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beans and the chicken stock, season with salt, to taste, cover and cook over mediumlow heat for 40 to 45 minutes. If the liquid reduces too much during the cooking time, add water to make up the difference. Remove the lid and cook until almost all of the liquid is reduced. When done the beans should be very tender, almost falling apart and VERY flavorful. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.nWhat a bean, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound slab bacon, skin removed and cut into lardons, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 12 pound button mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, Kosher salt, 1 pound string beans, stems removed, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Bacon Braised String Beans, picturelink: EWjzkxLfkY2IKlFLukkSsm2By2gh7QO}, 32644: {instructions: To make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Oil 3 10inch cake pans and line the bottom with parchment paper. Alternately, oil the pans and then flour them.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the brown sugar and oil. Turn on the mixer to a low speed and mix in the eggs. Let the sugar, oil, and eggs mix while sifting together the flour, baking powder, soda, and salt in a separate bowl. Set this mixture aside.nIn another small bowl, mix the vanilla into the milk and set this aside as well. Bring the water to a boil and pour over the cocoa and whisk it until it is smooth. To the egg mixture, alternately add the flour mixture and the milk mixture beginning and ending with flour. With the mixer off, scrape down the sides of the bowl after each addition. With the mixture at a low speed add the cocoa. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and pour this mixture into the prepared cake pans. Bake the cake for approximately 15 minutes or until tester comes out clean. When cake layers have cooled, remove from pans and refrigerate until cold.nTo make the frosting: In an electric mixing bowl place the soft butter and beat it on a low speed while adding powdered sugar. When all the sugar is mixed in, turn off the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add in the vanilla and salt and let the mixer beat for 5 to 7 minutes on a medium speed. Fill and frost the cake and refrigerate it for 10 to 20 minutes to set up the frosting.nTo make the ganache: In a heatproof bowl, place the chocolate chips and the corn syrup. Bring the heavy cream to a full boil. Pour the cream over the chocolate and whisk it until smooth then set it aside.Pour ganache over the top of the cake and, with a cake spatula, smooth the top of the cake and allow ganache to spill over the sides. Refrigerate for 20 minutes or longer.nServe the cake cold or allow it to come to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [3 cups packed brown sugar, 34 cup canola oil, 3 eggs, 2 23 cups flour, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups water, 1 18 cups cocoa powder, 1 12 pounds sweet butter, soft, 3 cups sifted powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 1 14 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 34 tablespoon light corn syrup, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Fudge Cake with Vanilla Buttercream Frosting and Chocolate Ganache Glaze, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 32645: {instructions: Make the caramel: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the walls of the pan, trying not to splash any sugar onto the walls. Do not stir gently draw your finger twice through the center of the sugar, making a cross, to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring until amber caramel in color, 5 to 10 minutes. Immediately turn off the heat and use a wooden spoon to stir in the butter. Slowly stir in the cream it will bubble up and may splatter. Let cool slightly to thicken.nPour the caramel onto a wellbuttered sheet pan and let cool to set up, approximately 2 hours. Cut walnut size squares of it and roll it in your hands into a ball then shove a sucker stick in the center and roll it in chopped peanuts. Place them on a plate covered with peanuts and chill 30 minutes to make them set up more., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup heavy cream, warmed, 12 cup chopped peanuts or chocolate, 12 pointed wooden skewers, about 6inches long], title: TaffyNoApple, picturelink: null}, 32646: {instructions: Blanch the beans in salted water, drain and refresh in ice cold water. Drain well. If the beans are particularly large, tear them down the middle into shoestrings. Toss with the almonds, shallots and oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound500 g green beans, topped and tailed, 14 cup20 g slivered almonds, toasted, 1 to 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Toasted Almonds, picturelink: null}, 32647: {instructions: Special equipment: six 34 to 1cup ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the caramel, add the sugar and 2 tablespoons water to a pan and heat over mediumlow heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Once the sugar is dissolved, do not stir anymore. Cook until the mixture turns amber brown, about 10 minutes. Brush down the sides of the pan as needed with a wet pastry brush to avoid crystallization. When the caramel is done, pour evenly into six 34 to 1cup ramekins.nAdd the cream cheese to the bowl of a stand mixer and whip until smooth. Add the condensed milk, regular milk, cinnamon, vanilla, salt and eggs and beat until smooth and the ingredients are incorporated. Divide evenly among the ramekins over the caramel.nBring some water to a boil in a kettle. Place the ramekins in a large roasting pan and pour boiling water into the pan until it reaches about halfway up the ramekins. Bake until the custard is set, about 45 minutes. Allow to cool completely, then refrigerate until chilled.nTo remove the flans from the ramekins, run a knife around the edge of each flan and invert onto individual serving plates. Garnish with the mixed berries., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12 cups milk, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons vanilla, Pinch salt, 5 large eggs, 1 cup mixed berries blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, for garnish], title: Cheese Flan, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 32648: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn saute pan over medium heat, add the butter and melt. Dredge the chicken breast in flour and place in the pan, skin side down, and saute until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes. Then flip and sprinkle with seasoning salt and roast in the oven until cooked through. The internal temperature should be 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nPound thigh and leg portions to 14 inch thick and sprinkle with herbs and seasoning salt. Roll up and place in a smoker until a medium dark smoke color is obtained, about 10 minutes. Finish in the oven as necessary. The internal temperature should be 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nServe with Sauteed Vegetables, Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Mango Chutney.nBlanch all of the vegetables separately in boiling, salted water until crisptender. Remove and shock in an ice bath. Drain and set aside.nJust before you are ready to serve, heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the vegetables and saute until heated through.nIn large pot, boil the potatoes until tender. Drain well.nIn mixing bowl, combine all ingredients until blended well. Pipe decoratively from a pastry bag or dollop with a large spoon.nSaute the shallots in olive oil until translucent. Add the mango, water, and vinegar. Cook for 30 seconds on high heat and add remaining ingredients. Remove from the heat. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, 2 ounces flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces boneless chicken legs and thighs, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped herb mixture, rosemary, sage, thyme, Sauteed Vegetables, recipe follows, Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Mango Chutney, recipe follows, 14 head fennel, cored, peeled, to remove tough strings, and sliced thinly, 2 stalks asparagus, snapped where tender, peeled, and cut into 2inch lengths, 14 rutabaga, cut into 1inch pieces and tourneed football shaped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 5ounce baking potato, like russet, peeled and diced, 1 ounce roasted garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ounce heavy cream, 1 tablespoon finely diced shallots, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 ounces fresh mango, diced, 1 ounce water, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons raisins, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Saute Chicken Breast and Vegetables with Mango Chutney and Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 32649: {instructions: Preheat oven to broil. Remove lobster head and rinse well. Remove claws, and legs. Remove meat from claws and cut up roughly. Break up lobster shell. Split lobster tail down the center, careful not to cut all the way through.nIn a large casserole dish or roasting pan, add 3 tablespoons clarified butter, the onion, scallion, garlic, and carrot. Saute over medium heat for a few minutes. Add parsley stalks, bay leaf, and thyme. Add the lobster head, claws, and legs. Saute until the shells turn bright red.nAdd the brandy and flambe. Douse the flames with the wine and fish stock. Add tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper, and bring the sauce to a simmer. Simmer for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush a broiler rack with rest of clarified butter. Place lobster tail on rack, cut side down. Broil for 8 minutes. Turn, drizzle cut side with a little clarified butter and cook another 6 minutes. Remove the flesh from the shell and cut into chunks. Keep warm on a heated serving dish.nPass the sauce through a sieve into a small, clean pan. Add curry powder. Whisk together egg yolks and cream. Whisk into sauce, stirring quickly to avoid curdling. Pour sauce over lobster pieces to serve., ingredients: [1 6 pound spiny lobster, 6 tablespoons clarified butter, 12 cup diced onion, 14 cup scallion, thinly sliced white part only, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 cup diced carrot, 4 parsley stalks, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 2 sprigs thyme or 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup brandy, 12 cup dry white wine, 58 cup fish stock, 10 ounces tomato, peeled and roughly chopped, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons cream], title: Broiled Lobster Tail with Sauce Armoricaine, picturelink: null}, 32650: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nVideo: Watch Alton make this recipenCombine molasses, pickling salt, and water in 6 quart Lexan. Add Boston butt making sure it is completely submerged in brine, cover, and let sit in refrigerator for a minimum of 8 hours. 12 hours is ideal.nPlace cumin seed, fennel seed, and coriander in food grinder and grind fine. Transfer to a small mixing bowl and stir in chili powder, onion powder, and paprika.nRemove Boston butt from brine and pat dry. Sift the rub evenly over the shoulder and then pat onto the meat making sure as much of the rub as possible adheres. More rub will adhere to the meat if you are wearing latex gloves during the application.nPreheat smoker to 210 degrees F. Place butt in smoker and cook for 10 to12 hours, maintaining a temperature of 210 degrees F. Begin checking meat for doneness after 10 hours of cooking time. Use fork to check for doneness. Meat is done when it falls apart easily when pulling with a fork. Once done, remove from pot and set aside to rest for at least 1 hour. Pull meat apart with 2 forks and serve as sandwich with coleslaw and dressing as desired., ingredients: [8 ounces or 34 cup molasses, 12 ounces pickling salt, 2 quarts bottled water, 6 to 8 pound Boston butt, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seed, 1 teaspoon whole fennel seed, 1 teaspoon whole coriander, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon paprika], title: Pulled Pork, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 32651: {instructions: For the cod and roasted garlic spread: Remove any brown parts from the cod. With a mortar and pestle, crush 2 bunches dill and mix with the coarse salt, brown sugar and 1 tablespoon peppercorns. Rub the salt mixture on the cod. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nBring the milk to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon peppercorns, the shallots and 1 smashed garlic clove. Rinse the cod to remove the excess salt mixture, then add to the saucepan and cook until flaky, about 10 minutes. Transfer the cod to a bowl and discard the milk mixture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nCut the garlic head in half horizontally. Drizzle the cut sides with 1 tablespoon oil and season with salt and pepper. Wrap in foil and roast for 30 minutes.nFlake the fish into the bowl with a fork or your fingers. Add the remaining 13 cup oil and the roasted garlic, squeezing the pulp from the skins, and mash until combined and creamy. Add the remaining handfuls chives, dill and parsley. Season with pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the croutons: Heat the oil in a skillet over low heat. Add the garlic and let it infuse the oil. Add the bread and toast on both sides. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, spread the cod mixture on the toast. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 pounds1kg centercut skinless cod fillet, bones removed, 2 bunches fresh dill, chopped, plus an extra handful, 12 cup125ml coarse salt, 14 cup60ml brown sugar, 1 tablespoon15ml plus 1 teaspoon5ml black peppercorns, crushed, 6 cups milk 1 12 liters, 2 shallots, quartered, 1 head garlic, plus 1 smashed garlic clove, 13 cup80ml plus 1 tablespoon15ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A handful chopped fresh chives, A handful chopped fresh dill, A handful chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup60ml olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 slices country bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Salt Cured Cod and Roasted Garlic Croutons, picturelink: null}, 32652: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Halve potatoes, brush with butter and season with salt and pepper. Arrange potatoes on greased baking sheet and bake until just tender.nWith melon ball cutter scoop out centers of potatoes, leaving a 14inch shell, brush with butter and arrange on baking sheet cut side up. Continue to roast until crisp., ingredients: [12 red bliss potatoes, Melted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Red Bliss Potato Shells, picturelink: null}, 32653: {instructions: For the spice mix: In a small bowl, mix to combine the ground cumin seeds, garlic powder, paprika, chile flakes, and ground coriander seeds.nFor the chili: Heat 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil in a castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef to the pan and cook, stirring frequently, until the moisture has evaporated, and the beef is browned. Drain the beef of any fat that has rendered, and deglaze the pan with half of the beer.nIn a separate pot, add the remaining tablespoon vegetable oil, and add the onion, garlic, peppers, and okra, and saute over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle over the chili spice mix, and the chipotle pepper, stirring to combine. Deglaze the pot with the remaining beer, and add the browned beef.nAdd the diced tomatoes, and stock, and then bring everything to a boil. Place the lid over the pot, and reduce the heat to a simmer. After 1 hour, add in the kidney beans, and cilantro stems. Keep cooking for another 30 minutes over low heat.nAdjust the chilis seasonings with salt, and black pepper, to taste. Switch off the heat and garnish with the cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cumin seeds, ground in a mortar and pestie, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons ground paprika, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, geound in a mortar and pestie, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 2 12 pounds ground beef, 1 12ounce bottle dark beer, divided, 1 sweet onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 12 cups fresh okra, cut into 12inch thick slices, 1 to 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 cups lowsodium beef stock, 1 14ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, stems chopped and leaves picked, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Okra Chili, picturelink: null}, 32654: {instructions: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set aside an ungreased 9 by 13inch pan.nFor the crust, place the cake mix, melted butter, and egg in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for two minutes. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. The batter should come together in a ball. With your fingertips, pat the batter evenly over the bottom of the pan, smoothing it out with your fingers until the top is smooth. Set the pan aside.nFor the filling, rinse and dry the lemons well. Grate the zest from the lemons and set aside you should have about 2 teaspoons. Cut the lemons in half, and squeeze into a small bowl you should have about 6 tablespoons. Set the juice aside.nPlace the cream cheese in the same mixing bowl that was used to make the crust, and with the same beaters no need to clean either blend with an electric mixer on low speed until fluffy, 30 seconds. Stop the machine and add the lemon juice, lemon zest, eggs, melted butter, and cornmeal and beat on medium speed for 1 minute. Stop the machine and add the confectioners sugar. Beat on medium speed until the sugar is well incorporated, 1 minute more. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with the rubber spatula so that the filling covers the entire surface and reaches the sides of the pan. Place the pan in the oven.nBake the cake until it is well browned but the center still jiggles when you shake the pan, 45 to 47 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and place it on a wire rack to cool, 30 minutes. Cut into squares and serve.nStore this cake, covered in aluminum foil, at room temperature for up to 4 days, or in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Or freeze it, wrapped in foil, for up to 6months. Thaw the cake overnight in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [1 package 18.25 ounces plain yellow cake mix, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, melted, 1 large egg, 2 large lemons, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, melted, 2 tablespoons white or yellow cornmeal, 3 34 cups confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Lemon Chess Gooey Butter Cake, picturelink: null}, 32655: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the puff pastry into a 6 by 12inch rectangle 18inch thick. Place on a parchmentlined sheet pan and place another sheet pan on top of it. Bake between the 2 sheet pans until it barely begins to take on color, about 10 minutes. The puff pastry may rise unevenly in sections. If that happens, release the air by gently piercing the dough with the tip of a paring knife. Mix the corn syrup and water together. Remove the puff pastry from the oven and brush the top with the corn syrup mixture. Cover with another sheet of parchment paper and flip over the puff pastry. Peel off the parchment paper that is now on top and brush this side with the corn syrup mixture.nUsing a sharp paring knife and a plate as your guide, cut about a 10inch circle from the halfbaked puff pastry. Discard the excess dough. I cut the circles when the dough is halfbaked so they will keep their shape. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Place the puff pastry circle back in the oven and continue to bake until crispy and golden brown, about another 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on a wire rack until completely cooled.nUsing a pastry brush, coat one side of each cooled circle with the tempered chocolate and allow the chocolate to set at room temperature, about 5 minutes. This layer of chocolate keeps the tarts from getting soggy. When the chocolate has set, spread about 2 tablespoons of pastry cream on each tart shell on top the chocolate coating. Cover with assorted sliced fresh fruit. It looks best to arrange the fruit in a sunburst pattern, fanning each type of fruit from the center of the circle toward the edge. Sprinkle the tops of the tarts with powdered sugar right before you serve them. A great finish for this dessert is a sugar cage over the top.nSuggested presentation: Sugar cage, recipe follows.nFor the Classic Puff Pastry: Place the flour, salt, melted butter, and most of the water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed for about 1 minute. Stop the mixer as soon as the ingredients begin to form a dough and pull away from the side of the bowl. If the dough appears too dry and does not come together, add the remaining water and mix just until combined. Do not over mix or you will overdevelop the gluten. It is very important to keep gluten development to a minimum in this recipe, or the finished puff pastry will be tough and chewy instead of delicate and crispy. Remove the dough from the mixer and pat it into a 5inch square about 2inches thick. Wrap the dough completely in plastic and let it rest in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Resting the dough allows the gluten strands that have developed to relax.nWork the cold butter into a square that is about a third smaller than the dough square, and about 1inch thick. Place the butter on a lightly floured work surface and, keeping it square shaped, use a rolling pin to give it a few quick raps. This will soften the butter. It should be about the same consistency as the puff pastry dough. Lightly flour the butter and rolling pin as needed to keep it from sticking.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface. Use the rolling pin to make a mark about 1inch from each corner of the dough. Roll only this part of each corner away from the center of the dough until it is 14inch thick. The center of the dough should be about 1inch thick. Place the butter square in the center of the dough square. Pull the rolledout corners up and over the butter, completely enclosing it in a dough package. When the butter has been added, the dough is referred to as a paton.nThe paton is now ready to be folded. You will need to give the dough six single folds, allowing the dough to rest in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours after every 2 folds. To begin, use a rolling pin and roll the paton into a 10 by 23inch rectangle. Try to keep it an even thickness. Place the dough horizontally in front of you so it will be easier to fold. Fold the dough in thirds by first folding the left end over the middle and then folding the right third over it. Rotate the dough to make sure the seam is on your right. This is known as a single fold, or a letter fold because it resembles the way a letter is folded. Repeat the single fold starting with a 10 by 23inch rectangle placed horizontally in front of you. To show that you have folded the dough two times, make two indentations in the dough with your fingertips. At this stage, the puff pastry must be kept well wrapped in the refrigerator for a minimum of 2 hours or up to 1 day.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and give it two more single folds, starting each time with a 10 by 23inch rectangle. Make four indentations in the dough with your fingertips representing the four folds. At this stage, the puff pastry must be kept well wrapped in the refrigerator for a minimum of 2 hours or up to 1 day.nFor the Pastry Cream: Sift together the cornstarch and 14 cup of the sugar in a mediumsized mixing bowl. Add the egg yolks and whisk until well combined. Pour the milk and the remaining 14cup sugar into a 2quart saucepan and place the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. While the milk is heating, use a sharp knife to slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the outside skin by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside of the bean. Add the seeds and the skin to the heating milk and bring to a boil.nTemper the egg mixture with the hot milk by carefully pouring about half of the milk into the egg mixture. Immediately whisk to prevent the eggs from scrambling. Pour the tempered egg mixture into the saucepan and continue to whisk. Continuously whisk to ensure that the mixture cooks evenly. Once the pastry cream has come to a boil, continue to whisk and cook for another 2 minutes to fully develop the flavor of the pastry cream and to cook out the flavor of the starch. Remove the pan from the heat. Strain the pastry cream through a finemesh sieve to remove any pieces of cooked egg and the vanilla bean.nIf you would like to add butter, this is the time to add it. Cut the butter into small chunks and stir it in until it is well incorporated. Pour the pastry cream into a clean, airtight container and place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pastry cream to prevent a skin from forming. Let cool at room temperature, then store in the refrigerator for up to 2 to 3 days, until ready to usenFlavor the cream according to your taste. For example, with a whisk or spatula, slowly fold about 1 tablespoon of any flavored liqueur into the cream at any point in the recipe, tasting often. If you add too much, the cream will become runny and lose its shape. If you prefer to add flavor without alcohol, place the zest of 1 orange in the heating milk to infuse the flavor into the pastry cream. Store the pastry cream well wrapped in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPlace the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook the sugar mixture until it reaches 311 degrees F, or what is known as the hard crack stage. Remove from the heat and carefully pour into a mediumsized, microwaveable glass bowl.nWash, dry, and lightly but thoroughly coat with cooking spray a clean, dry bowl that matches the diameter of whatever youre placing the sugar cage over. Dip the tines of a fork into the hot sugar. Carefully but quickly wave the fork over the inside of the bowl, allowing the sugar to drip off the fork in long, thin strands. Try to distribute the strands evenly on the sides and bottom of the bowl, making sure to come all the way to the rim, however, not so thick that you cant see the bowl through the sugar.nUsing a sharp chefs knife, slice the edge of the cage clean by scraping the blade of the knife along the rim of the bowl. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes.nTo unmold the cage, place your thumbs on the outside of the bowl and your fingers on the inside of the sugar cage. Gently pull the cage loose from the side and bottom of the bowl you will be able to see the cage release from the inside of the bowl. You will need to apply this gentle pressure all around the inside of the bowl. Once the cage has released from the bowl, carefully lift it out and place it over the dessert. If the sugar is still too warm, the cage may begin to collapse. A good idea is to release the cage from the bowl but leave it in the bowl until it has cooled completely. This will ensure that it keeps its shape. At this stage, the cage can be stored, right side up, in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for one to two days.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [Approximately 2 pounds classic puff pastry, recipe follows or frozen, Pastry cream, flavored, recipe follows, 34 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup water, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Assorted fresh fruit, sliced, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 4 cups unbleached flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 14 cup water, 1 14 cups butter, cold, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup sugar, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup whole milk, 12 vanilla bean, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, optional, 2 12 cups sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup water, Cooking spray], title: Crispy Tart with Fresh Fruit, picturelink: null}, 32656: {instructions: In a blender blend together the garlic paste, the vinegar, 2 tablespoons of the oil, the water, the cumin, the Tabasco, the bread, half the tomatoes and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is smooth, transfer the mixture to a bowl, and stir in the remaining tomatoes, the cucumber, the bell pepper, the onion, and the coriander or parsley. Brush the chicken with the additional oil, season it with salt and pepper, and grill it on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, or in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan, covered, over moderately high heat, for 5 minutes on each side, or until it is cooked through. Cut the chicken on the diagonal into 14inchthick slices and serve it with the salsa., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon redwine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for brushing the chicken, 2 tablespoons water, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, or to taste, Tabasco to taste, 1 slice of homemadetype white bread, torn into pieces, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped fine, 12 cup finely chopped, seeded and peeled cucumber, 13 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander or parsley leaves, or to taste, 1 whole boneless chicken breast with skin about 1 pound, halved], title: Grilled Chicken Breasts with Gazpacho Salsa, picturelink: null}, 32657: {instructions: Position the rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8 by 8inch baking pan with foil so it hangs over the edges by about 1inch. Spray with cooking spray.nCheesecake topping: In a medium bowl and using an electric mixer at medium speed, beat the cream cheese until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Beat in the sugar and the vanilla until very smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in the egg until well blended. Set aside.nBrownie layer: Put the chocolate, butter, and oil in a small microwavesafe bowl and heat at 75 percent power for 30 seconds. Stir and microwave again until melted and smooth, about 30 seconds longer. Alternatively, put the chocolate, butter, and oil in a small heatproof bowl. Bring a small saucepan filled with 1 inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl over, not touching, the water, and stir occasionally, until melted and smooth.nCombine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt, and cayenne in a medium bowl.nCombine the brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl. Whisk in the buttermilk, egg whites, and vanilla. Add the chocolate mixture and whisk vigorously until fully incorporated and the batter is thick and glossy. Gradually add the flour mixture and stir just until it disappears.nReserve 12 cup brownie batter and set aside. Scrape the remaining brownie batter into the prepared pan. Pour the cheesecake mixture evenly over top. Drop the reserved brownie batter in large dollops over the topping. Draw the handle of a wooden spoon through the two batters to create a swirled effect.nBake until the top is just set, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan on a wire rack. Lift brownies out of the pan by the foil and peel off the foil. Spray a knife with cooking spray and cut into 2inch squares., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 8 ounces reducedfat cream cheese Neufchatel, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 2 large egg whites, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Lighter Cheesecake Brownies, picturelink: E8vhgB7PCuKyCjpfPJ5vGWhQtyh114a}, 32658: {instructions: To make the gelato: In a large pot, heat the milk and cream over medium heat to 104 degrees F. Add the sugar, the dextrose and stabilizer, if using, and pepper and heat to 130 degrees F. Add the taleggio and heat to 185 degrees F. Refrigerate until chilled and freeze in an ice cream machine. Transfer the gelato to a container and freeze for 2 hours to set, or else prepare and freeze a day ahead.nTo make the frico basket: Have ready a pair of tongs and a couple of small ramekins for molding the baskets. Set a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Evenly sprinkle enough Parmesan in the pan to form a 4inch diameter circle. When the cheese begins to color slightly, peel it off with tongs, drape it over an upsidedown ramekin, and press down the sides before the cheese hardens to form a basket. Repeat 8 times.nTo make the hot gorgonzola: Put the cheese in a microwavesafe bowl. Melt in a microwave oven on high heat, for 1minute intervals, until the cheese is runny.nTo serve: Arrange some of the dried fruit around the sides of a small bowl. Put 1 scoop of gelato in the middle, drizzle some extravirgin olive oil on top, and grind on some black pepper. Top with a frico basket and fill it with hot gorgonzola., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 13 cup heavy cream, 3 12 ounces sugar, 2 ounces 14 cup dextrose, optional, 1 tablespoon stabilizer, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, 7 ounces taleggio, without the rind, cut into pieces, 8 ounces freshly grated Parmesan, 8 ounces gorgonzola, Dried fruit and nuts prunes, raisins, apples, figs, almonds, walnuts, etc., Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheese Three Ways: Hot, Cold and Crispy with Mixed Fruit, picturelink: null}, 32659: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan slowly bring the cream to the boil. Turn off the heat and add the coffee and chocolate. Stir with a whisk until the mixture becomes smooth and the chocolate has melted. The liquid should have become slightly lighter and shinier at this stage. Pour into a jug and leave to cool for about 2 hours or until it has come down to room temperature. See Cooks note.nBeat the mixture with an electric whisk for about 1 minute or until it changes color.nLine a square plastic container with baking paper and pour the chocolate mixture into it. Leave to set in the refrigerator for 2 hours. You can test this by pressing the top with your fingers. Run a spatula around the edges and lift the chocolate on the baking paper out of the dish and swiftly cut it lengthways into even strips of about 23inch. Then cut these into cubes. Put cocoa powder into a flat dish and roll the cubes in it, making sure that they are well coated. The truffles can be kept for about 2 weeks.nCooks note: Alternatively you can place it in the refrigerator for 20 minutes, giving it a stir every 10 minutes, ingredients: [1 12 cups single cream, 12 cup hot espresso coffee, 29 ounces dark chocolate recommended: cacao content of 70 percent or more, Cocoa Powder, for coating], title: Espresso Coffee Truffles, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 32660: {instructions: For the mojo: Place the lime juice and zest, orange juice and zest, olive oil, oregano, shallots, cumin, capers, garlic, cilantro, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 tablespoon pepper in a blender and puree until smooth. Put half aside for serving as a sauce with the finished fish and the rest in a large plastic resealable bag.nFor the mojo mahimahi: Add the mahimahi fillets to the bag with the mojo and marinate in the refrigerator for 20 to 25 minutes.nSet a grill to high and grease well with oil to clean and create a nonstick surface. Remove the fish from the marinade and shake off any excess marinade. Pat the fish dry with paper towels and drizzle liberally with olive oil. Grill until well marked and cooked through, 4 minutes per side. Serve the fish over the Toasted Quinoa and drizzle with the reserved mojo. Garnish with Tomato Mango Cucumber Relish and Grilled Red Cabbage Salad.nRinse the quinoa under cold water and drain. Place a large pot over mediumhigh heat and add the quinoa. Toast until fragrant while swirling it around so it doesnt burn, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the quinoa to a plate and set aside. Return the pot to the heat and coat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden and browned on the edges, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 30 seconds. Return the quinoa to the pot and add the broth, wine and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the quinoa has popped open and the liquid has been completely absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Fluff with a fork and allow to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, whisk the lemon zest and juice and remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add the fresh basil and sundried tomatoes. Just before serving, toss the quinoa with the dressing.nToss the olive oil, cilantro, lime juice, cumin, tomatoes, cucumber, mango, shallot, 12 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a mixing bowl and let rest for 20 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to come together.nCombine the rice vinegar, miso paste, lime juice, sugar, sesame oil, soy sauce, chili flakes, 14 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large mixing bowl and whisk to emulsify.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Oil and season the cabbage wedges with salt and pepper. Place the cabbage on the grill and cook until marked on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. While the cabbage is still warm, drizzle it with the white miso dressing so it soaks it up and the flavors marry together. Toss the cabbage with the carrots, scallions and raisins., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lime juice plus 1 teaspoon lime zest, 34 cup fresh orange juice plus 1 teaspoon orange zest, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped shallots, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon capers, 6 cloves garlic, 1 bunch fresh cilantro stems and leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce mahimahi filets, boned and skinned, Neutral oil, for oiling the grill, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Toasted Quinoa, recipe follows, Tomato Mango Cucumber Relish, recipe follows, Grilled Red Cabbage Salad, recipe follows, 2 cups red quinoa, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup diced sweet onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup white wine, 1 lemon, juice and zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup chopped oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 Roma tomatoes, finely diced, 1 hothouse cucumber, finely diced, 1 mango, diced, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons white miso paste, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon lowsodium soy sauce, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small head red cabbage, cut into 12inch wedges through the root so they stay intact, 12 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup biascut scallions, 1 cup golden raisins, bloomed in hot water], title: Mojo Mahi Mahi with Toasted Quinoa, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 32661: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. Set aside.nPlace the yogurt, carrots, oats, spinach, cocoa, 14 cup milk, honey, vanilla and apples into a high quality blender. Blend on high until the mixture is very smooth like the consistency of melted ice cream, about 1 minute. If the mixture is too thick, add an additional 14 cup milk and blend. Add the eggs and pulse to incorporate.nPour the blended mixture into the bowl with the flour mixture and stir gently 6 or 7 times with a wooden spoon. Add the chocolate chips and stir a couple more times. Do not over mix.nHeat a pancake griddle or skillet over medium heat. Use a basting brush to grease the pan, brushing on just enough oil to coat the surface. Pour the pancake batter, either using a heaping tablespoon for small pancakes or 14 cup measure for large ones. Cook the pancakes on one side until large bubbles appear, about 2 minutes. Flip the pancakes and finish cooking on the other side, about 1 minute. Serve with fresh fruit and powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 6 ounces plain yogurt, 12 cup peeled, roughly chopped carrots, or babycut carrots, 12 cup whole oats, 12 cup fresh spinach leaves, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, such as Dutch process, 14 cup milk, plus 14 cup as needed, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 apple, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 eggs, 13 cup mini chocolate chips, Vegetable oil, for greasing the pan, Fresh fruit, for garnish, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: ChocolateChocolate Veggie Pancakes, picturelink: b8bPLejunfOwXb.IDH9uxkYVQIf6A2e}, 32662: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Prepare tomatoes by cutting off tops and scooping inside clean set aside. In a medium size bowl mix all remaining ingredients.n2. Stuff mixture into tomatoes and bake for about 2025 minutes uncovered.n3. Transfer to serving dishes using the stuffed tomato as an entree or vegetable accompaniment to your favorite protein., ingredients: [6 large beefsteak tomatoes, 2 12 cups, cooked, cooled, short grain brown rice, 1 cup flat leaf parsley, chopped fine, 34 cup crumbled Mexican cheese, 14 cup packed chopped fresh mint, 3 cloves of garlic, chopped fine, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 12 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend], title: Tomatoes Stuffed with Brown Rice and Chihuahua Cheese, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 32663: {instructions: Fill a large pot with water add the octopuses, white onion halves and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium. Simmer until the octopuses are very tender, about 2 hours. Drain, discarding the onion and bay leaf. Let the octopuses cool cut into small pieces.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onion and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and chiles and cook, stirring, until tender, 3 more minutes. Add the octopuses and saute until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve in tortillas top with cilantro and diced white onion. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Dave Lauridsen, ingredients: [2 1 12pound octopuses, cleaned, 1 white onion, halved, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 red onion, thickly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 dried chiles de arbol, cut into rounds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Corn tortillas, warmed, for serving, Fresh cilantro and diced white onion, for topping, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Pulpo Encebollado Tacos, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 32664: {instructions: Rinse chicken with cold water, and pat dry with paper towels. Place it in a large pot and add the water, onion, celery, bay leaves, thyme, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 1 to 1 14 hours or until the chicken is cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a large plate and let it cool slightly. Then remove all the meat from the carcass, discarding the skin and bones. Set the meat aside. Strain the stock and reserve 2 cups place on low heat to keep it hot. Next, prepare the sauce Melt the butter in a large saucepan. Over medium high heat add the chopped onions and celery and saute until softened. Stir in the stock and the milk. In a separate bowl mix flour with 12 cup water and gradually whisk into liquid in saucepan. Cook over medium heat for 4 to 5 minutes, until the sauce is thickened. Stir in the drained vegetables, parsley, salt and pepper and chicken meat. Pour into a 3quart baking dish and set aside. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Stir together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, and chili powder in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, whisk the milk, eggs, and oil together. Stir the mixture into the dry ingredients until just combined. Spoon the batter over the chicken mixture. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until the cornbread is well risen and a toothpick inserted in the center of it comes out clean. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, 5 cups water, 1 onion, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 6 peppercorns, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped onions, 12 cup chopped celery, 2 cup chicken stock or canned broth, 1 cup milk, 6 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 10ounce package frozen mixed vegetables, thawed and drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 14 cup vegetable oil or melted butter], title: Cornbread Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 32665: {instructions: Preheat the oven to broil with the rack near the top.nClean the mussels, discarding any that are open. Bring the liqueur to a boil in a large pot, and add the mussels, cover, and cook 3 minutes, or until opened. Drain and discard any mussels that have remained closed.nMash the butter with the chives and tarragon in a bowl. Put a pinch of the herbed butter on each mussel. Sprinkle over the breadcrumbs. Grind over some pepper. Broil until the crumbs are golden, about 2 minutes. Serve the mussels with lemon wedges for squeezing., ingredients: [1 pound mussels, 12 cup licoriceflavored liqueur recommended: Pernod, 3 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Hot Mussels, picturelink: null}, 32666: {instructions: Special equipment: 3inch dog bone shaped cutternPosition an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nStir together the peanut butter, flour, flax seed and coconut oil in a medium bowl with a rubber spatula until well combined. It will be slightly wet and shiny.nRoll out the mixture until 14inch thick. Use a 3inch dog bone shaped cookie cutter to cut out the biscuits. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Gather the scraps, reroll and cut out a few more biscuits.nChill until the biscuits are just firm, about 15 minutes.nBake until the edges are golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes and then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nGive your pup a treat and watch them enjoy. Store in an air tight container up to 5 days., ingredients: [12 cup organic crunchy or smooth peanut butter, 13 cup whole wheat flour, 14 cup ground flax seed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin or virgin coconut oil, 1 ripe banana, mashed, about 13 cup], title: Peanut ButterBanana Dog Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 32667: {instructions: Cut fish into small pieces and grind fish and potatoes in a meat grinder on small grind. If grinder is not available use a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles cornmeal. Heat the oil over medium heat and fry the onion until soft. Add the garlic, ginger, chilies, turmeric, coriander, garam masala, and chili powder. Stir and cook for 3 minutes. Add the cilantro and salt. Mix well and remove from heat.nPlace the potato and fish mixture in a large bowl and fold in the onion mixture until well mixed. Cover the mixture and chill overnight. To make patties, use 13 cup mixture and shape into round shapes. For croquettes, use 2 tablespoons to form dough into croquettes.nRoll cakes or croquettes in flour, then dip in beaten egg and roll in breadcrumbs. Heat oil in deep skillet and fry cakes until golden on both sides. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound boneless white fish fillets, 34 pound white potatoes, peeled, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 6 large garlic cloves, minced, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 2 chili peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 13 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup flour, 1 medium egg, beaten, 1 cup soft white breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Sonhos de Peixe Fish Puffs  Goa, picturelink: null}, 32668: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the green and black olives, anchovy if using, oregano, garlic and lemon juice and pulse, stopping to scrape down the sides as needed, until everything is a coarse paste. Drizzle in the olive oil while pulsing until combined.nServe with crackers or toast., ingredients: [12 cup green olives, pitted, 12 cup black olives, pitted, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste or 1 anchovy fillet, optional, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Crackers or toast, for serving], title: Olive Tapenade, picturelink: hiMfn2EIzzk8cBDn5Y4GiaSrXhRBjuu}, 32669: {instructions: In a medium saute pan over low heat, add the corn and the garlic and stir together until heated through. Put the corn mixture into a blender and finely chop. Add the buttermilk, ranch dressing and green onions to a large bowl. Stir in the corn mixture and serve over fried chicken., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 4 cups corn kernels, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 cups ranch dressing, 4 green onions, diced], title: Corn Dressing for Southern Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 32670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the slaw: In a large bowl, lightly toss the shredded cabbage, removing any thick pieces. Repeat with the radicchio, then add to the cabbage. Add the jicama, carrots, red bell peppers, green onions, cilantro and pineapple, tossing after each addition.nFor the cumin dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and agave in a measuring cup. Whisk in the grapefruit juice, orange juice and vinegar and blend well.nPour the vinaigrette over the slaw mix and blend well. Refrigerate for 20 minutes. Stir and serve., ingredients: [8 cups savoy cabbage, finely shredded 12 of a small head, about 1 pound, 1 cup radicchio, finely shredded about 1 small head, 2 cups jicama, cut into 18 by 1inch long matchsticks about 6 ounces, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 medium red bell pepper, cut into 18 by 1inch long matchsticks, 1 cup green onions, white and bright green parts, thinly sliced about 6, 34 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped 1 small bunch, woody stems removed, 1 cup chopped fresh pineapple or 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple with juice, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons agave nectar, 14 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 14 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons white balsamic], title: Savoy Jicama Slaw with CitrusCumin Dressing, picturelink: g9CJ2uEyPRNFKKtVvwuaMedlucbBrsS}, 32671: {instructions: Put the carrots olive oil, butter, salt, cinnamon, ginger, in a saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the water and raisins to the carrots and bring to a boil. Stir in the couscous, pull the saucepan off the heat, cover, and set aside until the liquid is absorbed and the couscous is plump and tender, about 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, fluff the couscous with a fork., ingredients: [3 medium carrots, peeled and thinly sliced about 14inch thick 1 14 cups, 1 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 12 cups water, 23 cup golden raisins, 1 12 cups couscous], title: Couscous with Carrots and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 32672: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch broilerproof baking dish with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on both sides. Butter the foil.nPulse 14 of the graham crackers into fine crumbs in a food processor. Combine the melted butter and graham cracker crumbs in a medium bowl with your hands the mixture should hold together when squeezed. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish and press it into the bottom in an even layer, using the bottom of a measuring cup to help. Pour the sweetened condensed milk over the crumbs. Then sprinkle the chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, and peanuts over the condensed milk. Break the remaining 4 graham crackers into chunks and sprinkle evenly over the top.nBake until the sides are golden brown and begin to pull away from the baking dish, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven, and turn the broiler on. Scatter the marshmallows over the top of the bars and put the dish under the broiler until the marshmallows are dark golden and toasted, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool completely then refrigerate to set, about 1 hour. Using the foil liner as handles, pull the bars out of the baking dish remove the foil. Cut the bars into 2inch squares., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for buttering the dish, 18 graham crackers, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups milk chocolate chips, 1 cup peanut butter chips, 1 cup cocktail peanuts, One 10ounce bag marshmallows], title: Peanut Smores Magic Bars, picturelink: null}, 32673: {instructions: For the waffles: Set a medium saute pan over high heat and coat with some canola oil. Sprinkle the chicken breast all over with salt and pepper and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from pan and allow to cool. Return the pan to high heat and coat with more oil. Add the onions and peppers and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with the cumin and some salt and pepper. Finely dice the chicken breast and fold in with the peppers and onions. Mix well, and then remove from the pan and set aside to cool.nPreheat a waffle iron. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and add the milk, melted butter and eggs. Mix together with a whisk, working your way from the center out to gradually incorporate the dry ingredients. This helps avoid lumps. Fold in the pepper and chicken mixture. Ladle the mixture onto the waffle iron and cook until the waffles are puffy and golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Place on a wire rack over a sheet tray and keep warm in the oven as you cook the waffles and the chicken this will also help them crisp up even more.nFor the chicken and gravy: Set up a breading station with a container each for the 1 cup flour, whisked eggs and panko breadcrumbs. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Then take each of the chicken breasts and lightly dredge in the flour. Dip in the eggs then coat in the panko. Pour the oil into a large nonstick saute pan and set over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add the breaded chicken breasts. Cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes on each side, and then set aside to drain on paper towels. There should be about 3 tablespoons of oil remaining, if not pour some out. Then add the remaining 3 tablespoons flour, garlic powder, Italian seasoning, onion powder and cayenne. Whisk together to make a roux and cook until brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the milk while whisking, and then season well with salt and plenty of ground black pepper. Simmer until the sauce is slightly thickened and smooth. Serve the chicken on top of the waffles and pour the gravy over the top. Drizzle with some maple syrup and serve with Fiery Fieri Hot Sauce on the side.nRemove the green stems of the chiles and split down the middle to open them up. Place in a medium saucepan with the onions, salt and 1 12 cups water. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Cook until the water has almost completely evaporated, 10 to 12 minutes. Place the mixture in a food processor and add the white vinegar. Pulse 6 or 7 times until the chiles have broken down. Pour into a sieve over a bowl to strain and use the back of a rubber spatula to squeeze out the chile pulp. Stir in the agave nectar. Cool the hot sauce. Use immediately or store in an airtight glass jar or bottle to keep. Makes about 1 cup., ingredients: [Canola oil, 1 half chicken breast 4 to 5 ounces, boneless and skinless, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely diced onion about 12 small onion, 12 cup finely diced green bell pepper about 1 medium pepper, 12 cup finely diced red bell pepper about 1 medium pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 12 cups fine cornmeal, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 34 cups whole milk, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 eggs, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, whisked, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, halved horizontally, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, for serving, Fiery Fieri Hot Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 8 ounces red Fresno chiles 7 or 8 chilies, 14 sweet Maui or Vidalia onion, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 teaspoons agave nectar], title: Chicken and Stuffed Waffles, picturelink: null}, 32674: {instructions: Make the dressing right in the serving bowl: Combine the lemon juice, mustard, honey, pepper, salt and garlic in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking until emulsified.nReheat the rice until steaming. I just microwave it for a few minutes.nAdd the parsley to the dressing and toss to combine. Add the rice, almonds, onions and lemon zest, and toss well.nServe, garnished with a couple dashes of hot paprika if desired., ingredients: [3 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 to 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 clove garlic, grated, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup cold, cooked rice, such as basmati, 5 cups roughly chopped Italian parsley, with tender stems, 1 cup whole almonds, toasted and roughly chopped, 12 cup finely diced sweet onion, such as Vidalia, Zest of 1 lemon, Dashes hot paprika, for garnish, optional], title: Parsley Salad with Toasted Almonds and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 32675: {instructions: Puree onions and celery. In a large sauce pot combine the puree and the remaining ingredients and simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, chopped, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup water, 2 cups Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup vinegar, 2 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 12 teaspoons chili powder, 2 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 12 teaspoons black pepper, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup liquid smoke flavoring, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup, plus 2 tablespoons molasses], title: Cowgirl BBQ Sauce, picturelink: tBvmMRQW7BoPWhaL0fN3ZR04P9kgjgS}, 32676: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the onions in 12 and slice 14inch thick, place on a baking sheet and toss with:n14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.nBake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the onions are tender.nRemove from oven and toss with 2 more tablespoons balsamic vinegar and cool to room temperature.nWhisk together the shallots, mustard, red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. While whisking, add 34 cup olive oil until emulsified.nTo assemble, toss enough lettuce for 6 people with dressing, to taste. Place the lettuce on 6 plates and arrange the onions on top. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [3 small red onions, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons good balsamic vinegar, 1 cup good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons minced shallots 2 large, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup good red wine vinegar, 2 heads redleaf, washed, spun dry, and torn into pieces.], title: Red Lettuce with Balsamic Onions, picturelink: null}, 32677: {instructions: For the pesto: Pulse together the basil, walnuts, walnut oil and garlic in a food processor until combined. Add the Parmesan and olive oil and pulse again.nFor the sandwiches: Cut the pumpernickel into 12inch slices, and then into coffin shapes. On each slice of bread, spread a layer of mayo, a layer of pesto, a sprinkling of almonds, alfalfa sprouts, a layer of apples, and shaved Cheddar.nPlace another coffinshaped bread slice on top and repeat for another layer. Top off with a final coffin slice., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil, packed, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup walnut oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup Parmesan, grated, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large loaf pumpernickel bread, Mayonnaise, 1 cup almond slivers, toasted, 2 cups alfalfa sprouts, 1 McIntosh apple, cored, seeded and sliced, 2 cups aged Cheddar, minimum 5years old, shaved], title: DoubleDecker Coffin Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 32678: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnPreheat your waffle iron. Mix the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and sugar in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the buttermilk, eggs and melted butter. Fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix until the ingredients are just barely combined. Do not over mix the batter or your waffles will be tough.nBrush your waffle iron with butter. Add the batter and cook according to manufacturers directions.nTop the waffles with butter and maple syrup and serve with your favorite topping. We like sliced bananas or strawberries., ingredients: [1 12 cups blue cornmeal, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 eggs, 13 cup melted butter, plus more for brushing and serving, Maple syrup, for serving, Serving suggestions: sliced bananas or strawberries], title: Harrys Roadhouse Blue Cornmeal Waffles, picturelink: null}, 32679: {instructions: Arrange cheeses and fruit on a platter. Serve with chutney.nIn a medium heated saucepan add butter, onions, and ginger. Cook until onion softens, about 5 to 10 minutes. Once onion has slightly turned color and softened add the pear, plums, and sugar.nGive it a stir. Turn heat down a bit and add the white wine, Worcestershire sauce, and white wine vinegar. Stir well and let it reduce for about 20 minutes. Once a jam consistency occurs, remove from heat and let it cool. Serve with cheese platter., ingredients: [1 block Gruyere, 1 block Epoisse, 1 block buttermilk blue cheese, 2 apples, cored and sliced, 2 small bunches grapes, Plum and Pear Chutney, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup onion, diced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 1 large pear, diced, 2 plums, diced, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar], title: Cheese Platter, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 32680: {instructions: Place broth in a pot and heat until boiling. Over medium heat, warm up your skillet and pour in the olive oil. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Reduce heat and add the rice, allowing it to cook for 34 minutes. Increase the heat to medium, add the vermouth and stir constantly with a wooden spoon. Once vermouth has evaporated, add the boiling broth to the skillet one ladle at a time. Add a dash of salt and bring rice to a boil, then reduce heat. Stir occasionally to prevent the rice from sticking to the bottom of the skillet. Rice will take aprox 1618 minutes to finish cooking.nWhen the risotto is ready, remove it from the heat and let it sit for a few minutes before serving. Sprinkle and mix in parmesan cheese. To plate: Place heaping spoonful of risotto on a plate with some lovely Italian salami, a slice of fresh cheese and some pickles., ingredients: [1 onion, finely sliced, 4 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup vermouth, 25 oz. Carnaroli rice, 812 cups of vegetable or meat broth, dash of salt], title: Risotto Al Vermouth, picturelink: null}, 32681: {instructions: Heat oil in large pot and cook bacon until crisp. Stir in onions and celery and cook until tender. Stir in carrots, bay leaf, basil and oregano and toss to coat. Pour in chicken stock and tomatoes bring to a simmer. Cook for 15 minutes until potatoes are tender. Stir in green beans and shells. Cook for 68 minutes or until pasta is tender. Season to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon basil, 4 slices bacon, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon thyme, 34 cup chopped onion, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 2 cups chopped canned tomatoes, 3 carrots, sliced, 1 cup chopped green beans, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 cup small pasta shells, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper], title: Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 32682: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the cucumbers and salt and set aside at room temperature for 1 hour. In a colander in the sink, drain and rinse the cucumbers thoroughly under cold running water, then drain it well, pat dry, Transfer the cucumbers to a large bowl and mix with the sour cream, dill, 1 teaspoon vinegar, cayenne, and season with pepper, to taste. Meanwhile, toss the onion with the remaining 2 teaspoons of the vinegar in a microwavesafe bowl, and microwave on HIGH for 1 minute. Set aside to cool.nArrange the fish, cucumber salad, onions, watercress, and bowls of horseradish on a large serving platter. If desired, serve with the multigrain bread., ingredients: [2 medium cucumbers about 1 12 pounds, peeled, halved lengthwise, and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 3 teaspoons white wine vinegar, Pinch cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 to 1 14 pounds assorted smoked fish, such as salmon, trout, mackerel, or whitefish, 1 bunch watercress, thick stems trimmed, 12 cup prepared horseradish, Optional: Multigrain bread], title: Smoked Fish Dinner, picturelink: null}, 32683: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F220 degrees C.nToss the potato with the duck fat on a metal baking sheet. Scatter over the salt, pepper, and herbs, if using. Bake the potatoes, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are very brown and crisp, 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds1 kg potatoes, scrubbed or peeled, cut into wedges, 12 cup125 ml duck fat, melted, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few sprigs of fresh rosemary andor fresh thyme, optional], title: Duck Fat Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 32684: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl stir all ingredients until soft dough forms.nDivide dough in half. Using brown rice floured rolling pin, roll each half 12 inch thick on brown rice floured surface. Cut with 3inch cookie cutter. On ungreased cookie sheet, place cutouts about 1 inch apart.nBake 35 to 40 minutes or until dry and golden brown. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheet to cooling rack. Cool completely, about 30 minutes.nStore 1 week in dog treat jar, 3 weeks in refrigerator or 2 months in freezer.nTip: Check with your vet to make sure that these puppy treats fit into your dogs diet. Be sure to check the recipe for any known foods or ingredients your pet may be allergic to., ingredients: [1 can 15 ounces pumpkin not pumpkin pie mix, 3 cups brown rice flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup peanut butter, 2 eggs], title: Peanut Butter and Pumpkin Puppy Treats, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 32685: {instructions: Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil. Season the salmon on both sides with salt and pepper. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the sauce: In saucepan, add the shallots and coffee and reduce down to 14. Add cream and reduce until it thickens. Strain the sauce, and add the amaretto, Avocado Butter, and tomato. Whisk until fully incorporated. Season to taste.nTo serve: Sauce the plate, and lay the salmon in the center of the plate. You may garnish this dish with 3 to 4 pieces of thin fan sliced avocado and salmon roe.nPuree avocado and lime juice in food processor. Add butter, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper until fully incorporated., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, Four 6ounce salmon fillets, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper, 4 shallots, minced, 1 cup strong brewed peaberry roast, 1 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons almond liqueur, 4 tablespoons Avocado Butter, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped sundried tomato, packed in oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Thinly sliced avocado and salmon roe, for garnish, optional, 1 small ripe avocado, peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 lime, juiced, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Saute Salmon with Kona Coffee, Sundried Tomato, and Avocado Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 32686: {instructions: Prepare dressing by whisking together vinegar, brown sugar, cilantro, and parsley in a bowl. Add oil in a thin stream while whisking constantly. Set aside to let flavors integrate.nBring 3 34 cups water to a boil. Stir in wild rice, cover pot and let cook undisturbed for 15 minutes. Add white rice to the same pot and cook covered for another 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit covered for another 5 minutes to let rice absorb water, then remove lid, stir to fluff rice and let cool.nCombine onion and pineapple in a bowl and stir in cooled rice. Add dressing and stir to coat. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 34 cups water, 12 cup wild rice, 1 cup white rice, 1 red onion, peeled and diced small, 12 fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and diced medium, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 small fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Wild Rice and Pineapple Salad, picturelink: null}, 32687: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut each slice of bacon in half. Wrap one water chestnut in 1of the pieces of bacon, making sure to overlap. Secure the bacon with a toothpick and put it on a sheet pan. Repeat the process with the remaining water chestnuts, pineapple chunks and scallops.nPut the pan into the preheated oven and bake until the bacon is crisp, about 20 minutes. Remove, let cool 10 minutes and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds thick cut bacon, 1 5ounce can whole water chestnuts, 1 20ounce can pineapple chunks, 12 pound large sea scallops, quartered, Special Equipment: toothpicks], title: Rumaki Variations, picturelink: null}, 32688: {instructions: To make the salsa: Combine all ingredients in a small mixing bowl and let stand at least 20 minutes and up to 1 hour.nTo make the snapper: Toss the tortilla chips with the cayenne and curry powder and spread on a large plate. Whisk the egg white with the hot sauce and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the olive oil and wine in a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Dip each fillet in the egg white, then dredge in the tortilla chip mixture and place in the pan. Saute until crust is browned and fish is just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nDivide the snapper among 4 plates and spoon salsa over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 12 cup crushed pineapple, strained, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon grated lime zest, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon tequila, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups finely crushed baked tortilla chips, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 egg white, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup white wine, 4 6ounce red snapper fillets], title: Janettes Tortilla Chip Snapper with TequilaMango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 32689: {instructions: Muddle the blackberries with the simple syrup in a pint glass. Add ice, bourbon and vermouth. Top off with club soda and stir to combine.nCombine 34 cup water with the sugar, peppercorns, thyme and lemon in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the sugar dissolves and mixture just begins to boil, lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool, then strain through a finemesh sieve. Refrigerate in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 large blackberries, 1 12 teaspoons LemonThyme Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 14 cup bourbon, Splash sweet vermouth, Club soda, 12 cup fine sugar, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Blackberry Fizz, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 32690: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly butter a 9by 13inch baking dish. Layer half the potatoes and sprinkle with half the flour. Add a layer of half the hotdogs and broccoli. Add half the cheese, and repeat the layered ingredients, ending with cheese. Pour the milk over all, cover with foil, and bake until potatoes are tender and casserole is bubbly, about 40 minutes. The kids will love this one., ingredients: [Butter, for pan, 5 medium russet potatoes, sliced thinly, 4 tablespoons flour, 5 hot dogs, sliced, 1 head broccoli, chopped, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 12 cup milk], title: Kids Casserole, picturelink: null}, 32691: {instructions: Whisk together juice, oil, vinegar, garlic, oregano, and salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Whisk or shake vigorously before using.nCHICKEN: Preheat broiler at least 15 minutes prior to using. Broil chicken halves, turning once, for about 30 minutes or until skin is goldenbrown and juices run clear when bird is pierced with a fork. Remove chicken from broiler, leaving broiler on. Using a very sharp knife, cut each 12 into about 6 pieces leg, thigh, wing, 3 small breast pieces. Place chicken on a baking sheet that will fit in the broiler with sides. Pour lemon sauce over the chicken and toss to coat well. If necessary, divide sauce in 12 and do this in 2 batches. Return chicken to broiler and broil for 3 minutes. Turn each piece and broil for an additional minute. Remove from broiler and portion the chicken onto each of 6 warm serving plates. Pour sauce into a heavy saucepan. Stir in parsley and place over high heat for 1 minute. Pour an equal amount of sauce over each chicken and serve with lots of crusty bread to absorb the sauce., ingredients: [2 2 12 to 3 pound broiling chickens, halved, Lemon sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, 1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Raos Famous Lemon Chicken, picturelink: null}, 32692: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter a 9inch springform pan and set it aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and sea salt, and stir to blend. Add the vanilla extract, eggs, oil, and milk, and stir until well blended. Add the apples and stir to thoroughly coat them with the batter.nSpoon the mixture into the prepared cake pan. Place the pan in the center of the oven and bake until fairly firm and golden, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the topping: In a small bowl, combine the sugar, egg, and melted butter, and stir to blend. Set it aside.nRemove the cake from the oven and pour the topping mixture over it. Return the cake to the oven and bake until the top is a deep golden brown and the cake feels quite firm when pressed with a fingertip, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the cake pan to a rack and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Then run a knife around the sides of the pan, and release and remove the springform side, leaving the cake on the pan base. Serve at room temperature, cut into thin wedges., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup whole milk, 4 baking apples about 2 lbs. total, cored, peeled, and cut into wedges, 13 cup sugar, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: The Apple Ladys Apple Cake Gateau aux Pommes de la Reine des Pommes, picturelink: null}, 32693: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the seafood with all ingredients except for the olive oil and the plantains. Gently stir to combine and coat the seafood with the juices. Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil and drop 1 12 tablespoon portions of shredded plantains into the oil. Cook each portion until golden brown, turning once. Using a fork, remove the plantains from the oil to paper towels.nServe a chilled portion of the ceviche with some crispy plantains on top., ingredients: [2 Chilean sea bass fillets about 1 pound, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 pound scallops, halved or quartered, if large, 12 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails removed, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 orange, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 1 fresh poblano pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 green plantains, peeled and shredded], title: Ceviche with Crispy Plantains, picturelink: iACnc0L4pJkrhMpQ02TF183DAPcMRrS}, 32694: {instructions: In a casserole set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the garlic cloves and cook, stirring, until golden. Add the zucchini and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the tomatoes, oregano, lemon pepper, herbes de Provence, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes more. Add the water, bouillon cubes, bay leaves, and additional salt and pepper to taste, if desired, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add the couscous and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until it reaches porridgelike consistency, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add the lemon juice and parsley. Discard the bay leaves. Serve the couscous drizzled with the extra virgin olive oil and dusted with freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 whole garlic cloves, smashed, 2 about 34 pound zucchini, cubed, 4 mediumlarge tomatoes, or 8 large about 2 pounds plum tomatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper, 12 teaspoon herbes de Provence, Salt and pepper, 4 12 to 5 cups water, 3 chicken bouillon cubes, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup couscous, 12 lemon, juiced, or to taste, 13 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Vegetable Couscous: Papa al Couscous, picturelink: null}, 32695: {instructions: Combine the frozen yogurt, almond milk and honey in a blender blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups nonfat frozen yogurt, 1 14 cup almond milk, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Heavenly Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 32696: {instructions: Prep the pan.nLine an 8inchsquare baking pan with parchment paper, allowing it to drape over 2 sides, then brush the paper lightly with oil.nBoil the sugar.nIn a deep saucepan 6 inches wide and 4 12 inches deep, combine 14 cup water, the sugar and corn syrup and bring them to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil until the mixture is a warm golden brown. Dont stir  just swirl the pan.nHeat the cream.nIn the meantime, in a small pot, bring the cream, butter and 1 teaspoon of fleur de sel to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat and set aside.nFinish the caramel.nWhen the sugar mixture is done, turn off the heat and slowly add the cream mixture to the sugar mixture. Be careful  it will bubble up violently. Stir in the vanilla with a wooden spoon and cook over mediumlow heat for about 10 minutes, until the mixture reaches 248 degrees F firm ball on a candy thermometer.nFill the pan.nVery carefully its hot pour the caramel into the prepared pan and refrigerate for a few hours, until firm.nCut the caramel.nWhen the caramel is cold, pry the sheet from the pan onto a cutting board. Cut the square in half.nRoll it up.nStarting with a long side, roll the caramel up tightly into an 8inchlong log.nCut into pieces.nSprinkle the log with fleur de sel, trim the ends and cut into 8 pieces. Start by cutting the log in half, then continue cutting each piece in half until you have 8 equal pieces. Its easier to cut the caramels if you brush the knife with flavorless oil like corn oil.nWrap the candies.nCut glassine or parchment paper into 4by5inch pieces and wrap each caramel individually, twisting the ends. Store in the refrigerator and serve the caramels chilled.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon fine fleur de sel, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Fleur de Sel Caramels, picturelink: O6rG6iivB46uWaoDYUibFHX9SWfmiK6}, 32697: {instructions: 1 Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the eggplant cubes onto a lightly oiled baking tray, and roast in the oven about 15 minutes, or until tender enough so a fork can slide in easily. Remove from oven.n2 Meanwhile, combine the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, salt, pepper, herbs, and lemon juice in a mediumsized bowl. Add the stillwarm eggplant and stir. Cover, and let sit for at least 2 hours. At this stage, it will keep in the refrigerator for several days.n3 Add the remaining vegetables within an hour or two of serving. Serve garnished with olives and yogurt or crumbled feta cheese., ingredients: [1 large eggplant about 9 inches longor its approximate equivalent in medium or small eggplantspeeled or not, and cut into 1inch cubes, or even smaller, a little oil for the baking tray, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 medium clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt more, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon basil, 14 teaspoon thyme, 14 teaspoon marjoram or oregno, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup packed finely minced parsley, 2 small scallions, very finely minced, 12 medium red bell pepper, minced, 12 medium green bell pepper, minced, 1 medium tomato, diced, Olives Greek, oilcured, or Nicoise, Yogurt, Crumbled Feta cheese], title: Macedonian Salad, picturelink: null}, 32698: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix together the butter and 1 cup of sugar on low speed until they are just combined. Add the vanilla. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt, then add them to the butterandsugar mixture. Mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together. Dump onto a surface dusted with flour and shape into a flat disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough 12inch thick and cut with a 4 12inch hammershaped cutter. Place the hammer cookies on an ungreased baking sheet and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the edges begin to brown. Allow to cool to room temperature.nFor the icing, combine the confectioners sugar and corn syrup in a bowl with a wire whisk until it is a thick paste. Gradually add enough lemon juice until the mixture is a good consistency for piping.nWith an extra fine pastry tip, pipe individual names on the hammer cookies. Let the icing set before serving., ingredients: [34 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, plus extra, for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more, for dusting, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 14 cup corn syrup, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Shortbread Hammer Placecards, picturelink: null}, 32699: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag Wilton 70 leaf tipnFrost the cupcakes with the buttercream. Create a dip in the center of the cupcake about 34inch across. Adhere the coconut grass to the outer edge of the cupcakes.nFor the petals: Place the egg yolktinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 70 leaf tip.nHold the bag at a 45 degree angle with the tip lightly touching the surface just inside the dip in the cupcake with the wide part parallel to the surface. Squeeze hard to build up the base and simultaneously lift the tip slightly. Relax pressure as you pull the tip toward you, drawing the petal to a point near the edge of the cupcake. Stop squeezing and lift the tip away.nRepeat all the way around the cupcake, slightly overlapping the petals. Repeat with remaining cupcakes.nFold a piece of paper in half and place the chocolate sprinkles in the center. Using the folded corner as a guide, pour the sprinkles into the hole in the middle of the cupcake. Repeat with remaining cupcakes.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and top with a rack.nToss the coconut with the green and yellow food coloring, depending on desired color. Sprinkle with water if necessary to disperse the color. Drain. Spread evenly on the rack, place in the oven and bake until dry, 10 to 15 minutes. Makes 2 cups., ingredients: [2 cups Vanilla American Buttercream, 1 12 cups Coconut Grass, recipe follows, 12 cup Egg YolkTinted Frosting, 13 cup chocolate sprinkles, 2 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 to 2 teaspoons liquid green food coloring, 12 to 1 teaspoon liquid yellow food coloring], title: Giant Sunflower Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}}