{3000: {instructions: Special equipment: Panettone molds straightwalled paper cake pans, or several empty coffee tinsnThe repeated risings add extra flavor and moist texture. This is similar to Panettone but I discovered it in Lugano, an Italian part of Switzerland on Lake Lugano. We stayed in Gandria where there are no cars so we took boats everyday and walked wherever we needed to go. We went to a bakery called Mungers in Lungano and sampled their Kirsch filled Amereti Cookies that have bottoms dipped in chocolate, Rhubarb tart and this Triestine bread, which was 18.00 but worth it It comes originally from the town of Triest in Switzerland I believe and uses candied orange peel and citron peel plus sugared almonds instead of Panettones traditional golden raisins. It lasts for days, staying moist and delicious and its wonderful toasted as well. We bought one on our honeymoon and noshed on it in our hotel room for almost week, bringing hunks of it down to breakfast in the morning to have with the best milky cafe con leche ever. It even made it back to Chicago for us to snack on while we reminisced about our fabulous trip.nTo make the Biga: In a mixer with a dough hook, dissolve the yeast with warm water then add the sugar and let rest 5 minutes. Add the flour and mix on low until smooth. Cover and let rise until it triples in bulk.nTo make the Doughu00bf1st Stage: In a small cup, dissolve yeast in warm water and let sit 5 minutes. Add it to the biga and mix with the dough hook. Add the yolks, sugar and 1 13 cups flour and mix 5 minutes on medium speed until shiny and smooth. Cover and put in a warm spot 70 degrees F and let rise again until it triples in bulk.nAfter it has tripled, make begin the 2nd Stage: Add the 3 12 cups flour, honey, half the butter, 13 cup of the sugar, the 9 yolks, and the milk. Knead with the dough hook on medium speed, add the remaining sugar, salt, and vanilla extract. Knead 5 more minutes.nWith the mixer running, add 10 tablespoons butter, one tablespoon at a time. The dough should look smooth and shiny and pull away from the sides of the bowl. Place it on a work surface and schmear it with the remaining tablespoon of butter and add the orange peel and citron and knead by hand until blended. Shape into a ball and place in a covered bowl and let double in bulk.nTurn the dough out onto a work surface and divide into 2 balls. Place the chopped almonds on a surface and roll the balls in them to coat well then roll the balls in powdered sugar to coat heavily.nPlace each ball in a buttered panettone mold straight walled paper cake pan. Let rise covered for 1 hour or until it springs back when poked and risen past the rim. Sprinkle well with powdered sugar again.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F and bake for 45 to 50 minutes until golden brown. To cool, stick 2 skewers through the base of the paper mold and suspend the bread upside down by resting the skewers on 2 containers which are taller higher than the bread., ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 13 cup warm water, 14 teaspoon sugar, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water, Biga, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup plus 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 9 egg yolks, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup candied orange peel, diced, 1 cup candied citron, diced, 1 cup skinon almonds, roughly chopped, 1 cup powdered sugar, plus more as needed], title: Triestine, picturelink: null}, 3001: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag 5 star tipnTo make the marshmallow cream. In a small saucepan, combine 12 cup of water with sugar and corn syrup, bring to a boil for 5 minutes. In a standing mixer, whip egg whites until they form a soft peak and add the lemon juice. Leaving mixer on high, add the boiling syrup in 3 parts to the egg whites. In a small bowl, dissolve the gelatin with remaining 14 cup of water. Add the dissolved gelatin to the mixer, and leave to mix for 3 to 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nTo make the tuile. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the standing mixer, add the confectioners sugar, flour, ground ginger, egg whites and milk and mix together well. Let batter set for 30 minutes. Using a sturdy plastic disposable plate, cut out a decorative shape in center. On a baking sheet, lined with a silpat or parchment paper, fill the stencil with a thin layer of batter. Remove the stencil, repeat with remaining batter and bake until golden, about 10 minutes. When tuiles are cool enough to handle, but still hot, wrap them loosely around the handle of a wooden spoon. When cool remove shell, melt some semisweet chocolate and dip the ends of the tuile shell in it.nUsing a biscuit cutter, cut 2 rounds of sponge cake. Place 1 sponge cake round on the bottom of a plate. Spread raspberry marmalade on the sponge cake and place raspberries on top. Put the marshmallow cream in a bag with a  5 star tip. Make a circle on top of the raspberries. Now repeat the sponge cake series again with the raspberry marmalade spread. Place another layer of fresh raspberries and finish off with marshmallow cream topping. Get a nice raspberry and roll it in super fine sugar. Place it on the center with a mint leaf. Serve with tuiles., ingredients: [34 cup water, 2 12 cups sugar, 13 cup corn syrup, 8 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 ounce gelatin, 4 cups 1 pound confectioners sugar, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 12 large egg whites, 12 cup whole milk, Semisweet chocolate, melted, for dipping tuile, Sponge cake, Raspberry marmalade, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, Superfine sugar, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Raspberry Delights, picturelink: zfUmT5FeqqdmAadCVTDDeY4Ujcdb64e}, 3002: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10inch deepdish tart pan with a removable bottomnIn a food processor, process the vanilla wafers to crumbs. Pour in the melted butter and pulse until the crumbs are moistened.nPress the crumbs into a 10inch deepdish tart pan to line the bottom and sides. Refrigerate for 10 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, 14 cup of the sugar and the cornstarch. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix the gelatin with 2 tablespoons cold water. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepot, combine the milk with another 14 cup of the sugar and the vanilla bean. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking occasionally.nA ladleful at a time, slowly pour the heated milk into the egg yolk mixture, whisking to temper the yolks. When half of the milk has been added, pour the hot egg mixture back into the saucepot, whisking constantly. Heat over medium heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and bubbles start appearing on the surface.nWhisk the bloomed gelatin into the custard. Pour the custard through a finemesh strainer to remove any lumps or overcooked yolks.nPour the strained custard into the tart shell and refrigerate for 1 hour, until set.nIn a small saucepot, bring the orange juice and the remaining 12 cup sugar to a boil. Add the dried orange slices and simmer until syrupy, 10 minutes. Set aside to cool the orange slices will continue to soften.nRemove the tart from the refrigerator and decorate with the orange slices in a fan pattern. Drizzle the tart with some of the orange syrup.nPlace the tart back in the refrigerator for another hour, or until the candied oranges are set., ingredients: [One 11ounce box vanilla wafers about 80 wafers, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 6 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 packet gelatin, 4 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, 1 12 cups orange juice, One to two 3.5ounce packages dried sweetened orange slices], title: Vanilla Orange Tart, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 3003: {instructions: Cooks Note: Goats milk can be found at your local health food store or online.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease four 6ounce ramekins with nonstick cooking spray.nSet a small saucepan over high heat and add the granulated sugar to make caramel. Without stirring, let the sugar melt. As it melts, gently swirl the pan around to melt all the sugar evenly. When it turns dark amber, carefully divide evenly among the ramekins take care as the caramel is extremely hot.nCombine the milk and superfine sugar in a saucepan and bring to a gentle simmer. Add the egg yolks, whole eggs and vanilla to a large mixing bowl. Whisk together until foamy, then add a little of the hot milk to temper the eggs. Stir to combine, then gradually add the rest of the milk adding it all at once, or too much, will cook and scramble the eggs. Once completely incorporated, stir well and then divide evenly among the four ramekins. Line a turkey roaster with a kitchen towel and carefully place the ramekins on top. Place the roasting dish in the oven, then fill with hot water so it comes 34 of the way up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until the custards are set, 35 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the oven and allow to cool. Chill in the fridge before inverting onto a plate to serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups goats milk, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 3 egg yolks, beaten, 2 whole eggs, beaten, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Goats Milk Creme Caramels, picturelink: SqZMjjgc.RFVqqRuy6wbodMYfeTNWKi}, 3004: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace the cabbage in a stockpot and cover with water. Add salt, bring to a boil, and reduce to a simmer. Cook the cabbage until tender, about 1 hour. When the cabbage is done remove from the pot and cool in an ice water bath. Drain.nGently separate the leaves from the head of the cabbage, trying to keep them whole. Keep the inner white leaves for the cabbage rolls themselves and reserve the big outer green leaves to line the bottom of the baking dish.nMix all of the remaining ingredients together. Line the bottom of a glass 13 by 9 baking dish with some large green leaves.nPlace 1 white leaf on a cutting board with the stem towards you. Place 4 ounces of meat filling on top of the leaf and fold up stem end first. Fold the sides and the top of the leaf over to form a roll. Place the roll, seam side down, in the baking dish. Continue filling, rolling, and placing the rolls side by side until all the meat filling is used. If you have any leftover cabbage leaves place them on top of your rolls to protect them during cooking.nAdd 1 cup of water to the pan and cover with aluminum foil. Bake for 1 12 hours., ingredients: [1 to 2 heads white cabbage, cored, 1 gallon water, or enough to cover, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup white rice, 2 tablespoons finely diced green bell pepper, 2 tablespoons finely diced onion, 34 pounds ground beef, 34 pounds ground pork, 12 pound mild pork sausage, 12 pounds cooked smoked bacon, finely diced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 6 ounces tomato ketchup, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fine salt, 4 ounces grated Parmesan, 2 eggs], title: Nyes Polonaise Room Cabbage Rolls, picturelink: null}, 3005: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nWarm halfandhalf in a saucepan until almost boiling and set aside to cool. In a bowl, beat egg yolks with 14 cup sugar until mixture turns pale. Slowly beat in small amounts of warm halfandhalf until all is incorporated. Set custard mixture aside. Peel 1 12 bananas and slice thin, reserving other 12 banana for later. Wash berries.nPlace some banana slices and a few berries in the bottom of 8 individual ramekins or custard cups. Sprinkle ground ginger evenly over bananas in each cup. Pour custard over fruit in each cup.nPlace ramekins in baking pan. Add water to about halfway up the sides of ramekins. Bake for 1 hour or until tops are golden. Cool in refrigerator. Top each cooled ramekin with a few slices of the remaining banana. Sprinkle lightly with sugar. Place ramekins under broiler until sugar is melted and brown.nGarnish with remaining berries and 1 or 2 leaves of fresh mint., ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 2 large bananas, 1 cup berries, your choice, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Banana, Ginger, and Berry Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 3006: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the white sauce: Bring a medium saucepan to lowmedium heat and add the butter. Once the butter is melted, stir in the flour with a wooden spoon cook for 2 minutes do not let it color. Add the milk and bring to a boil, continuing to stir. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 1 minute. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add in the Parmesan, whisking to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the lasagna: In a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and cook the turkey sausage until just beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and continue to saute until golden brown and the turkey is cooked through, 4 to 6 additional minutes. Season with kosher salt, pepper and granulated garlic. Stir well, and then shut off the heat and set aside to cool.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine ricotta, egg, Parmesan, about 12 teaspoon coarse salt and a few rounds of cracked pepper. Spread 14 cup of the white sauce in the bottom of a 9 by 13inch nonreactive baking dish. Begin layering with 3 noodles, followed with about 1 cup ricotta mixture. Layer about half of the zucchini evenly over the ricotta. Follow with half the turkey sausage and mushrooms, finishing with 1 cup white sauce. Sprinkle with 13 of the mozzarella. Repeat. Top the second layer with 4 noodles, white sauce and sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella. Bake, covered with foil, for 30 minutes.nRemove from the oven and remove the foil cover. Heat the broiler to maximum temperature. Broil until the cheese is browned and bubbling, about 1 minute. Garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups whole milk, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds bulk spicy Italian turkey sausage, 34 cup sliced button mushrooms, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 15 ounces whole milk ricotta, 1 large egg, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan, Coarse salt, 1 package noboil lasagna noodles, 2 small zucchini, finely sliced on the bias 2 to 3inch pieces, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: White Lasagna with Spicy Turkey Sausage and Shrooms, picturelink: thCMjcFuCE26ngmquh8JZkfCyGkfj6}, 3007: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the kale and apples on a baking sheet with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and 34 teaspoon salt. Roast, stirring occasionally,until the apples are tender and the kale is crisp, about 20 minutes.nWhisk the almond butter with the milk, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Dredge the chicken in flour, coat with the almond butter mixture, then roll in the panko.nHeat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Panfry the chicken, adjusting the heat as necessary to keep it from burning, until crispy and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Serve with the roasted kale and apples and a squeeze of lemon.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 large bunch kale, stems removed, leaves cut into 2to3inch pieces, 2 apples, cut into thin wedges, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, Kosher salt, 12 cup almond butter, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 112 pounds, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Almond Fried Chicken with Roasted Kale and Apples, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 3008: {instructions: Slice ingredients into mediumsized slices. Serve with French Dressing., ingredients: [2 bulbs fennel, 2 large tomatoes, 1 large red onion], title: FennelTomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 3009: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace spinach and water in a microwaveable bowl. Cover tightly and microwave until starting to wilt, about 30 seconds to 2 minutes depending on your microwave., ingredients: [10 ounces baby spinach, 1 tablespoon water], title: Steamed Baby Spinach, picturelink: zK40gyZHg5NoW1RRehtMqcc31daC}, 3010: {instructions: Combine milk, eggnog and Carnation Breakfast Essentialsu00ae Drink in large mug stir well. Sprinkle with nutmeg. Serve with cinnamon stick., ingredients: [1 packet Rich Milk Chocolate Flavor Carnation Breakfast Essentialsu00ae Complete Nutritional Drink, 23 cup fat free milk, 13 cup eggnog, Ground nutmeg, Cinnamon stick], title: Chocolate Eggnog, picturelink: nWyuHblPYJJ.em9mEsufg8cfsk3E2}, 3011: {instructions: Make pickled red onions and chipotle sauce. Chill and reserve.nUsing a 3inch round biscuit cutter, punch out circles of lettuce about 3 or 4inches in diameter. Chill until needed.nSlice radishes into thin round circles. Chill until needed.nTo assemble, reheat the sausage in the microwave, if needed. Place a spoonful of sausage in a lettuce cup. Top with a few pickled onions, sliced radishes, a dab of chipotle crema and a cilantro leaf.nSlice the red onions and place in a large glass bowl. In a saucepan, bring the sugar, rice wine vinegar, white vinegar, and water to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Pour the brine over the sliced onions and let sit until the liquid comes to room temperature before chilling. Store the mixture in an airtight container in the refrigerator until needed. The pickled onions will keep for at least 3 weeks.nMix just the adobo sauce from the canned chipotle peppers into the crema to the desired spiciness., ingredients: [1 cup pickled red onions, recipe follows, Chipotle Crema, recipe follows, 1 head iceberg lettuce, 1 pound chorizo sausage, 1 bunch radishes, trimmed, Fresh cilantro leaves for serving, Red onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 container Mexican crema, 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobe sauce], title: Asian Taco Cups, picturelink: null}, 3012: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Place lemon juice and sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil on the grates of the grill. Cook until reduced to 12 cup. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.nPlace cooled lemon syrup, vinegar, salt, and mustard in a blender and blend until combined. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Stir in the pepper.nBrush sardines with oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until just cooked through.nBrush bread on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for about 45 seconds per side. Place each slice of bread on a plate and top with a sardine. Drizzle with vinaigrette and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 cups fresh lemon juice, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Salt, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing sardines and bread, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 4 fresh sardines, scaled and gutted but heads left on, 4 12inch slices Italian bread, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Grilled Sardines with Sweet and Sour LemonPepper Vinaigrette and Toasted Bread, picturelink: null}, 3013: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and cook until slightly thickened. Remove from heat and stir in the Monterey Jack cheese, poblano chiles, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace the queso sauce into a bowl and sprinkle with chopped poblano.nWhisk together the mustards and honey, to taste, until combined. Let sit at least 30 minutes before serving.nLine 2 half sheet pans with parchment paper and spray liberally with vegetable spray.nCombine the water, sugar, yeast, and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix with the dough hook until combined. Let sit for 5 minutes.nAdd the salt and flour and mix on low speed until combined. Increase the speed to medium and continue kneading until the dough is smooth and begins to pull away from the side of the bowl, about 3 to 4 minutes. If the dough appears too wet, add additional flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Remove the dough from the bowl, place on a flat surface and knead into a ball with your hands.nOil a bowl with vegetable oil, add the dough and turn to coat with the oil. Cover with a clean towel or plastic wrap and place in a warm spot until the dough doubles in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBring the water to a boil in a small roasting pan over high heat and add the baking soda.nRemove the dough from the bowl and place on a flat surface. Divide the dough into 8 equal pieces, about 4 14 to 4 12 ounces each. Roll each piece into a long rope measuring 22 inches and shape: take the right side and cross over to the left. Cross right to left again and flip up. Boil the pretzels in the water solution, 2 at a time for 30 seconds, splashing the tops with the warmed water using a spoon. Remove with a large flat slotted spatula or a spider. Place 4 pretzels on each baking sheet, brush the tops with the egg wash and season liberally with the salt. Place into the oven and bake for 15 to 18 minutes until golden brown.nRemove to a baking rack and let rest 5 minutes before eating. Dip into desired sauces., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 12 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, grated, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, Honey, to taste, 1 12 cups warm water, 2 tablespoons light brown muscovado sugar, 1 package active dry yeast, 3 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 12 to 5 cups allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, 3 quarts water, 34 cup baking soda, 2 whole eggs, beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water, Coarse sea salt], title: Soft Pretzels with Queso Poblano Sauce and Mustard Sauce, picturelink: sUKfgg9q87VT5UuLZ5hDWFRFq4knxu}, 3014: {instructions: Place the snap peas or snow peas into a microwavesafe bowl with 1 tablespoon of water. Cover tightly and microwave for 3 minutes. Carefully remove the cover, drain and set aside.nHeat the oil in a saucepan over a mediumhigh heat. Add the scallions and ginger and saute for 2 minutes. Add the orange juice, chicken broth and vinegar and cook for 5 minutes, uncovered. Turn heat to low and stir in the miso paste and sesame oil. Stir until miso paste is dissolved, about 1 minute.nPour the sauce over the snow or snap peas toss to coat and serve., ingredients: [1 pound sugar snap peas or snow peas, 1 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 3 scallions, white and green, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons lowsodium white miso paste, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil], title: Sugar Snap Peas with Miso Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3015: {instructions: Make the dough: Combine the yeast and 2 tablespoons warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer set aside until foamy, 5 minutes. Add the milk, sour cream, egg yolk and 12 cup flour beat with the paddle attachment on medium speed until combined. Gradually beat in the remaining 1 14 cups flour, scraping the bowl as needed, to form a wet dough, about4 minutes. Increase the speed to medium high add the whole egg, sugar, salt and vanilla and beat until creamy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time beat until incorporated. The dough will be very wet.nBrush a large bowl with butter transfer the dough to the bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until nearly doubled in size, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Stir the dough to punch it down cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or up to overnight.nGenerously dust a sheet of parchment paper with flour. Pat the dough into a square on the parchment, then roll into an 11by15inch rectangle. Transfer the dough and parchment to a baking sheet and brush off the excess flour. Cover and chill until firm enough to shape, 1 to 2 hours.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Pulse the almonds and sugar in a food processor until fine. Add the butter, egg, rum, vanilla, cinnamon, orange zest and almond extract pulse until smooth. Cover and chill 1 hour.nMake the streusel: Mash the confectioners sugar, flour and butter in a bowl with a fork to make clumps. Cover and chill until ready to use.nButter an 8 12by4 12inch loaf pan. Spread the almond filling over the dough, leaving a 1inch border sprinkle with the chocolate. Starting from a short side, use the parchment to tightly roll up the dough, brushing off the excess flour. Pinch the ends of the roll, then twist several times. Fold the twist in half so the ends meet. Twist the folded dough again and place in the pan. Cover with buttered parchment let rise in a warm place until puffy, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush the loaf with the beaten egg, then sprinkle with the streusel. Bake until the bread is golden and springs back when pressed, 1 hour to 1 hour, 10 minutes. Loosen with a knife, then let cool in the pan, 1 hour. Unmold onto a rack to finish cooling.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast about 12 packet, 13 cup whole milk, 14 cup sour cream, 1 large egg yolk plus 1 whole egg, 1 34 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for brushing, 12 cup blanched almonds, 13 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest optional, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Chocolate Babka, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 3016: {instructions: Place the chicken pieces in a baking dish. In a blender, combine the citrus juices, rum, garlic, sugar, chipotles, red peppers, onion, vinegar and olive oil. Pulse gently. Pour marinade over the chicken pieces, cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight. Turn the chicken once. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking.nPreheat the grill.nPlace the mango pieces, banana slices and pineapple on a sheet of foil and brush with lime juice. Set aside.nWhen the grill is ready, brush with vegetable oil. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Place the chicken pieces, cavity sides down, on the grill and cook for 10 minutes. Turn and baste with the marinade and continue cooking for another 10 minutes. Baste and turn chicken every 5 minutes for an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until chicken is tender.nLightly brush the fruits with melted butter. Set the foil on the grill during the last 10 minutes of cooking time. Perforate the foil to allow the heat to reach the fruit, then fold the foil into a packet and cook until the fruit is slightly limp and lightly charred.nPlace the chicken on a platter and arrange the fruit along the edges., ingredients: [7 pounds chicken pieces, excluding wings, washed and dried, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup dark rum, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 Chipotle chiles, canned or rehydrated in vinegar, 3 red peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 2 large mangos, peeled, pitted and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 ripe bananas, peeled and cut on the bias into thick slices, 1 pineapple, peeled and sliced, Juice of 1 lime, Vegetable oil, for the grill, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Grilled Citrus Chicken with Grilled Tropical Fruit, picturelink: null}, 3017: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the chopped tomatoes with chiles, tomato sauce, cilantro, chipotles, adobo sauce, lime juice, and salt. Bring to a simmer, stirring. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to gently cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTo prepare the meat filling:nPlace a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions. Cook and stir until the onions begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and jalapeno, stirring to incorporate. Cook and stir for an additional 2 to 3 minutes, until the onions are well browned and the garlic and jalapenos soften. Add the meat and toss until heated through and well combined, about 2 minutes. Add 34 cup of the tomato sauce to the roast beef mixture, tossing to coat.nRemove the sauce from the heat and add the broth. Using an immersion or standard blender, puree the sauce until smooth, it should be thin. Ladle the sauce into 4 bowls for dipping. Be sure the bowls are large enough so the sauce doesnt slop out when the sandwich is dipped.nTo serve:nSpread the smashed avocado on the both side of the roll. Pile the meat filling on the bottom halves of the sandwich buns, close, and cut each sandwich in half. Arrange each sandwich on a plate with the dipping sauce on the side. Dip and eat, ingredients: [1 10ounce can chopped tomatoes with diced green chiles, 2 8ounce cans tomato sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 to 3 chipotle chiles in adobo, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 jalapenos, seeded, ribbed, and minced, 1 pound delisliced roast beef, cut into strips, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and smashed, 4 bolillo, ciabatta or other crusty sandwich roll, halved and lightly toasted], title: Torta Ahogada Drowned Beef Sandwich, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 3018: {instructions: Put the bacon into an unheated large, highsided skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring periodically, until the bacon is browned and crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a small bowl with a slotted spoon set aside.nDiscard all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat in the pan. Increase the heat to mediumhigh. Add the mushrooms, 14 teaspoon salt and several grinds of pepper and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic, flour and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the tomato paste darkens a little, about 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, wine, onions, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and more pepper. Bring to a boil, then let simmer until thickened, about 4 minutes.nTurn the heat down to medium, and whisk in the butter a little at a time. If the sauce tastes a little too acidic, add the sugar. Nestle the chicken and cooked bacon into the sauce, and simmer gently until the chicken is heated through, 6 to 7 minutes. This could take up to 10 minutes if the chicken is cold, or as little as 3 minutes if it is warm. Spoon the sauce over the chicken pieces periodically to coat completely. Toss the chicken in the sauce, remove the thyme stems, sprinkle with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12 inch strips about 4 12 ounces, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved or quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 cup red wine, 1 12 cups frozen pearl onions, 2 sprigs fresh thyme or pinch dried thyme, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, Pinch sugar, optional, 1 cooked rotisserie chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: 30Minute Coq au Vin, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 3019: {instructions: Cut 4 12inchsquare pieces of aluminum foil. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWorking with 1 foil sheet at a time, place the foil sheets on the work surface. Place 1 12 cups of spinach in the center of each foil sheet. Top with a sea bass fillet. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of ginger and 12 teaspoon of garlic, then drizzle 2 tablespoons of Marsala, 2 teaspoons of soy sauce, and 12 teaspoon sesame oil over the fish and spinach. Gather the foil sheets over the fish. Fold in the foil edges and pinch tightly to seal. Place the foil packages on a heavy large baking sheet.nBake until the spinach wilts and the fish is just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer the packages to wide shallow bowls. Cool 5 minutes. Open package and fold down to reveal fish, being careful of hot steam. Squeeze the lime juice over the fish. Sprinkle with the basil and serve., ingredients: [6 cups fresh baby spinach leaves, 4 5ounce sea bass fillets, 4 teaspoons peeled and minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup dry Marsala wine, 8 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 lime, quartered, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves], title: Ginger Sea Bass over Wilted Greens, picturelink: f8AQtIQHVYcBiAuWWaTaUWEs9lEfiEe}, 3020: {instructions: Puree shallots, onions, garlic, cilantro, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, and oregano with the white vinegar. Add oil, but do not puree, just mix. Season, to taste, with salt. Pour over chicken and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Grill for approximately 8 minutes on each side., ingredients: [4 shallots, quartered, 1 large onion, cut into large dice, 3 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves picked, 1 bunch parsley, leaves picked, 6 bay leaves, 12 black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 1 cup white vinegar, 4 cups salad oil, Salt, 2 boneless chicken thighs, skin on, 2 chicken legs, skin on, 2 chicken breasts with frenched wing bone, skin on], title: Grilled Chicken with an Allpurpose Marinade, picturelink: null}, 3021: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil. When its boiling, add the sugar and stir until dissolved. Turn off the heat.nDrop the tea bags and the orange peel into a teapot. Rip the mint leaves and drop them in too. Pour the water into the teapot, put the lid on, and allow to steep for about 10 minutes.nWhen youre ready to serve, pour into small glasses, using a tea strainer. If you can, try pouring a good few inches from the glass  this cools down the tea, and creates a light foam on top that is traditional. You can also chill this tea and serve over ice on hot days. Refreshing, and great for your digestion, ingredients: [4 cups water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 4 green tea bags, 1 2inch piece orange peel, 8 sprigs fresh mint], title: Mint Tea, picturelink: OPuqnPPAfVEGv8A7kwJvHGPdYdmxEe}, 3022: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWrap the garlic head in aluminum foil, and put it in the oven until soft, about 30 minutes. Let garlic cool to the touch then snip off the tip of bulb or pierce cloves with knife, and squeeze the pulp into a large bowl like frosting through a pastry bag, peel away any loose papery husk so as not to get it into the flesh.nIn the meantime, heat 12 teaspoon olive oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onion and a little salt and cook until just softened and the sharp flavor is gone, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the cooked onion to the bowl with the garlic and add the minced hot pepper, pinch of salt, diced tomatoes, and cumin gently toss. Halve and pit the avocados with a knife. Then score the flesh in 14inch cross sections. Try not to puncture the avocado skin and cut yourself. Scoop out the flesh and add it to the bowl and immediately add 12 of the lime juice along with chopped cilantro gently stir and taste. If not acidic enough add more lime juice, follow suit with additional salt, cumin or hot pepper. Serve with salsa and chips its also great with roasted chicken and steak.nCooks Note: I prefer to mince the hot peppers with the seeds. Clearly this makes for a lot more heat. Its best to add it to the guacamole a little bit at a time to get to desired heat, which is important. You can always add more heat but you cant take it away., ingredients: [1 whole head garlic, Olive oil, 1 medium red onion, diced, A few pinches kosher salt, 14 teaspoon finely minced habanero or Scotch bonnet pepper see Cooks Note, 2 large tomatoes, quartered, pulp and seeds removed, rolled up in double layer of paper towels, gently squeezed, paper removed, and coarsely diced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 moderately ripe Hass avocados, 2 fresh limes, juiced, 12 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, Salsa and chips, for serving], title: My Famous Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 3023: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl whisk the eggs, egg yolks and sugar together, then add zest, orange juice, heavy cream, and salt, and whisk to combine. Strain the mixture and fill caramelized lined ramekins. Put ramekins in hot water bath and bake in the preheated oven for 18 minutes or until firm.nAllow to cool to room temperature then refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours.nCaramel:n34 cup sugarn14 cup waternPut the sugar and water in a saucepan, and bring to a simmer without stirring. Cover the saucepan with a lid for 2 minutes, them remove and simmer until mixture is an amber color. Pour caramel into ramekins to cover the bottom, and swirl to coat 13 up the sides of ramekins.nYield: enough to coat 4 to 6 ramekins, ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup heavy cream, Pinch salt, 1 cup caramel, recipe follows], title: Orange Flan, picturelink: null}, 3024: {instructions: Special equipment: mortar and pestlenWith a mortar and pestle, grind together the garlic, salt and freshly ground pepper.nHeat the olive oil in large heavybased saucepan over high heat until very hot. Add the onions and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until just beginning to brown. Add the garlic paste from the mortar and stir.nStir in the beef and continue to cook over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes until all the meat is browned. Next add the peppers and tomatoes and stir well.nSlowly pour in the rice. Stir well and add enough water to cover the ingredients by 1inch.nBring to a boil, then cover and reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. Simmer for about 20 minutes or until almost all the water has been absorbed. You may need to add a little more water if the rice is too al dente and the dish quite dry.nJust before serving, sprinkle over the parsley and spring onions., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons light olive oil, 2 onions, finely chopped, 13 ounces beef, cut into cubes, 2 green peppers, seeded and sliced, 2 red peppers, seeded and sliced, 2 yellow peppers, seeded and sliced, 3 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 12 ounces nonsticky rice, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 spring onions, finely chopped, for garnish], title: Wagoners Rice: Arroz Carreteiro, picturelink: null}, 3025: {instructions: Dissolve the tablespoon kosher salt in 2 cups water in a large bowl. Add the cabbage and soak for 30 minutes. Rinse the cabbage and drain well. Return it to the bowl and combine with the carrots and the scallions.nTo make the dressing, whisk the eggs in a medium bowl until fluffy. Gradually whisk in the vinegar a little at a time. Add the sugar, mustard, salt, and pepper whisk until uniformly combined. Transfer the mixture to a 2quart saucepan and place it over mediumlow heat. Heat slowly, stirring constantly, until the mixture reaches a gentle boil. Continue cooking and stirring until the mixture thickens, about 1 minute. Cool, then stir in the sour cream.nAdd dressing to slaw and mix well. Refrigerate the slaw for 1 to 2 hours. Serve slightly chilled., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cups water, 4 cups shredded green cabbage, 1 cup peeled and shredded carrots, 34 cup minced scallions, 2 large eggs, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Classic Cabbage Slaw with Grandmother Shinns Dressing, picturelink: null}, 3026: {instructions: Soak bread for 15 minutes to soften. Drain but keep moist. Crumble and wet Uneeda Biscuits, and drain but keep moist.nIn large bowl mix together moist drained bread, moist drained Uneeda Biscuits, chopped onions, chopped walnuts, drained  softened raisins, chopped celery, chopped Italian parsley, eggs, 1 whole stick butter in lumps, salt and pepper.nMix well with your hands. Stuff turkey OR bake stuffing separately in pan. Coat pan with butter on bottom and sides. Pour a small bit of turkey gravy over stuffing while baking for flavor., ingredients: [1 large stale loaf ItalianFrench bread, 1 small stale loaf ItalianFrench bread, 2 boxes Nabisco Uneeda Biscuits, 5 celery stalks chopped small use inside tender stalks, 12 can walnuts chopped, 1 cup raisins soaked in hot water to soften and then drain, 2 cups of chopped Italian parsley, 2 onions chopped fine, 3 large eggs or 2 jumbo eggs, Butter, Salt and pepper], title: Sam and Mary Scolaros Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 3027: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the meat ragu: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until soft and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add the ground beef, sausage, salt, basil, Italian seasoning, oregano and pepper to taste and increase the heat to high. Cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned all over. Add the tomatoes. Pour some of the wine into the empty tomato boxes to rinse out the last bits of tomatoes and add to the pot, along with the remaining wine. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the sauce thickens and the flavors come together, about 1 hour. Add a healthy amount of black pepper.nTo make the besciamella: Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until just simmering, then turn off the heat. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour to the butter and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens and then loosens again, about 2 minutes. Add the hot milk, whisking constantly. Bring to a boil. Add the nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat to low and continue to cook, whisking almost constantly, for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and use immediately.nTo make the lasagna: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread an even layer of the meat ragu over the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish. Arrange 3 lasagna noodles over the sauce lengthwise across the short side of the pan. Avoid overlapping or allowing them to touch the sides of the pan because they will expand as they cook. Press down slightly to let the sauce spread around them. Cover with onequarter of the besciamella and sprinkle with onethird of the ParmigianoReggiano. Add another layer of ragu. Add 3 more noodles, arranging them in the opposite direction from the first layer and breaking 1 of the noodles in half if necessary to fit. Add onequarter of the besciamella and half of the mozzarella. Make a third layer of ragu, noodles alternating directions again, besciamella and onethird of the ParmigianoReggiano. Add another layer of ragu, then the remaining mozzarella, noodles alternating the noodles again, besciamella and ragu.nCover the pan with foil and bake until heated through, about 35 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until the top is brown and bubbling, about 20 minutes more. During the last 10 minutes of baking, scatter the remaining ParmigianoReggiano all over. Let the lasagna stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, pushed through a press, 1 pound ground beef, 2 links sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 links hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Freshly ground black pepper, Three 26.5ounce boxes strained tomatoes, such as Pomi, 1 cup dry red wine, 3 cups whole milk, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 pound nocook lasagna noodles, such as Barilla, 2 14 cups finely grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, One 8ounce package partskim lowmoisture shredded mozzarella], title: Lasagna alla Besciamella, picturelink: HfoFLr4NpbWnd.CF8ocu6zNxB39uTaW}, 3028: {instructions: In a large bowl mash the avocados with the lemon juice. In a blender combine the avocado and all of the remaining ingredients. Blend until smooth. Pour the dressing into an airtight container and allow to mellow in the refrigerator for one day., ingredients: [2 avocados, cut in half and pitted, Juice of 5 lemons, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 serrano chiles, seeded, 12 onion, minced, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Avocado Dressing, picturelink: null}, 3029: {instructions: Beat the eggs in a large bowl until foamy. Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham, bell peppers, onion, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and starting to brown, about 6 minutes add to the bowl with the eggs.nPreheat the broiler. Wipe out the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter in the skillet, then add the frozen hash browns in an even layer. Cook, pressing the hash browns into the bottom and up the side of the skillet with a spatula, until golden on the bottom, about 6 minutes.nPour the egg mixture over the hash browns. Transfer the skillet to the broiler cook until partially set, 3 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle the cheese and all but about 2 tablespoons scallions over the eggs. Continue broiling until the cheese melts and the eggs are set, 2 to 3 more minutes.nLoosen the edge of the omelet with a small spatula. Slide onto a platter and fold in half. Cut into wedges top with the reserved scallions.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [8 large eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces thickly sliced deli ham, diced, 2 bell peppers 1 red, 1 green, diced, 1 onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups frozen shredded hash browns from a 1pound bag do not thaw, 4 ounces smoked gouda cheese, grated about 1 12 cups, 1 bunch scallions, chopped], title: Western Hash Brown Omelet, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 3030: {instructions: Serve one teaspoon mayonnaise on top of chilled clams on the half shell.nFor variations, add 1 tablespoon of any of the following ingredients: roasted garlic, basil chiffonade, chopped chipotle peppers, finely diced roasted red peppers, or prepared horseradish to one cup of mayonnaise.nIn a bowl, combine lemon juice and champagne vinegar.nIn a separate glass bowl, whisk together egg yolk and dry ingredients.nAdd half of the lemon juice mixture to the dry ingredients. Mix well before adding any oil. Begin adding oil, a little at a time, until it is incorporated into the emulsion. The color should lighten once 14 of the oil is emulsified. Then add the oil in a slow constant stream, whisking continuously. After 34 of the oil is incorporated, add the rest of the lemon juice mixture.nContinue to whisk until all of the oil is incorporated. Leave at room temperature for 1 hour. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 week.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [24 littleneck clams, steamed, Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, 1 egg yolk, 12 teaspoon table salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 pinches sugar, 1 cup oil, safflower or corn], title: Clams on the Half Shell with Fresh Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 3031: {instructions: Blend the coconut milk, chia seeds, honey, cinnamon, ginger, vanilla, oranges and 3 ice cubes in a blender on low speed until everything begins to combine. Raise the setting to high and blend until everything is well combined and the smoothie begins to have a creamy consistency. Taste if you like it colder, add more ice cubes and blend until smooth.nPour into two glasses and garnish with a sprinkle of cinnamon and chia seeds if using., ingredients: [1 teaspoon alcoholfree vanilla extract, 2 seedless oranges, peeled and segmented, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, plus more for garnish, optional, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, plus more for garnish, optional, 1 teaspoon chopped peeled gingerroot about one 12inch piece], title: OrangeSpice Chia Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 3032: {instructions: Heat grill to mediumhigh to high heat.nCombine 1 tablespoon olive oil, rosemary leaves, salt and pepper and rub over the meat. Place on the grill and crosshatch the meat on both sides. Continue this process until the meat reaches desired temperature.nIn a hot saucepan cook the dandelion greens with 1 teaspoon garlic and 1 12 teaspoons oil. In a different hot saucepan cook the onions with remaining teaspoon garlic and 1 12 teaspoons oil. Warm the Barolo sauce in a separate saucepan and serve over the medallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves picked, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 4ounce fillet medallions, 6 ounces dandelion greens, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 6 ounces cippolini onions, chopped, 4 ounces reduced Barolo wine, for sauce], title: Grilled Fillet with Barolo Sauce Filetto Con Salsa al Barolo, picturelink: null}, 3033: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, a pinch of cayenne and the cinnamon. Place the bacon on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle each slice of bacon with some of the spiced sugar and bake, about 10 minutes. Flip the bacon, sprinkle with the remaining spiced sugar and continue to cook until crispy, about 10 more minutes. Remove the bacon from the oven and allow to cool. When the bacon is cool, mince it and set aside, reserving a quarter of it for garnishing the eggs.nPut the cold eggs in the bottom of a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and remove the pan from the heat. Cover the pan with a lid and let stand for 12 minutes. Drain the eggs and rinse with cold water. Let the eggs cool a bit and then peel when they are still warm eggs are much easier to peel when they are warm. After they are peeled, you can then store them, covered, in the fridge.nMix together the mayonnaise, mustard, dill, cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon cayenne, the scallions and the minced bacon in a medium mixing bowl. Season with the salt.nSlice the eggs in half lengthwise. Gently remove the yolks by pressing your thumb against the back of the yolk to pop it out of the white. Add the yolks to the bowl with the mayonnaise mixture. Mash together, using a fork, until smooth.nPut the filling in a resealable bag. Cut one end off and pipe the filling into the egg whites. Sprinkle with the paprika, extra bacon bits and dill before serving.nCooks Notes: A wire rack is a great way to cook bacon because the air can circulate around the bacon making it crispy and delicious.nPlastic bags are a great tool to use in place of a piping bag, easy and disposable., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons light brown sugar, Cayenne pepper, Pinch ground cinnamon, 18 pound thickcut bacon about 3 strips, 8 large eggs, straight from the refrigerator, 14 to 12 cup mayonnaise, or as much as desired, 2 teaspoons whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 scallions, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Paprika, for garnish], title: Deviled Eggs with Candied Bacon, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 3034: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 450 degrees F. Brush a baking sheet with vegetable oil. Drop the garlic, ginger and scallions through the feed tube of a food processor with the motor running and pulse until chopped transfer half of the mixture to a pot. Add the panko, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar and the egg to the processor pulse to combine. Add the pork pulse until just combined. Form into 20 small balls and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until firm, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil to the pot with the garlic mixture. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and 12 teaspoon sugar. Cook, stirring, until thickened, 5 minutes. Stir in 1 12 cups water. Add the meatballs and reduce the heat to medium low simmer until cooked through, 8 to 10 more minutes.nSoak the ramen in hot water until soft, 4 to 5 minutes drain. Add to the pot and toss to coat. Divide among bowls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 4 cloves garlic, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 14 cups panko breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 large egg, 12 pound lean ground pork, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 3 3to5ounce packages ramen noodles flavor packets discarded], title: Ramen with Pork Meatballs, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 3035: {instructions: For the chicken: In a large stockpot, sear the chicken in some olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Then add the garlic, onions, enough water to cover the chicken and some salt and pepper. Simmer until the chicken is falloffthebone tender, about 1 hour. Strain and set the chicken pieces aside.nFor the sauce: Using a mortar and pestle or a food processor, reduce the pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, garlic, guajilla chiles, ancho chile, cloves, onions, cinnamon stick and some salt and pepper into a thick puree. Set aside.nPour the sauce into a large skillet over low heat. Add the chicken pieces and cook, coating the chicken pieces with the sauce. Add some chicken stock to loosen the sauce if necessary and simmer, about 20 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve warm with tortillas., ingredients: [1 whole 4pound1 kg chicken, cut in pieces, Olive oil, for searing, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 onion, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup125 ml pumpkin seeds, toasted, 12 cup125 ml sesame seeds, toasted, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and roasted, 4 guajillo chiles, roasted, 1 ancho chile, roasted, 2 whole cloves, 2 onions, quartered and roasted, One 12inch cinnamon stick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup125 ml chicken stock or water, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Corn tortillas, for serving], title: Rosalia Sr.s Pollo Pipian, picturelink: null}, 3036: {instructions: Combine the whiskey, 3 cups cranberry juice, the pomegranate juice, orange juice, lime juice, sugar and 12 cup water in a large, shallow freezersafe container. Stir well, then cover and freeze until the mixture is icy, stirring every 20 to 30 minutes, 4 to 5 hours.nScrape the frozen mixture with a spoon and divide among glasses, filling them threequarters of the way. Divide the remaining 3 cups cranberry juice among the glasses and top with the diced cranberries stir until slushy and garnish with mint.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [2 cups whiskey, preferably Crown Royal, 6 cups cranberry juice, 4 12 cups pomegranate juice, 2 cups orange juice, Juice of 2 limes, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup fresh cranberries, diced, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: WhiskeyCranberry Slushes, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 3037: {instructions: In food processor, combine equal parts Stilton and cream cheese. Puree until a smooth consistency is achieved. Add ground walnuts and puree again. Spoon this mixture into a pastry bag with desired tip. Pipe onto endive leaves. Garnish with dried apricot and pistachio dust. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Stilton cheese, Cream cheese, Ground walnuts, Red endive leaves, Dried apricot, julienne, Pistachio dust], title: Stilton Cheese and Walnuts with Dried Apricot and Pistachio Dust on Endive Leaf, picturelink: null}, 3038: {instructions: Heat vegetable oil over high heat in a large skillet. Add Brussels sprouts and brown all over by shaking the pan often. Season with salt, to taste. Remove Brussels sprouts from pan, reduce heat to medium high and add the butter to melt. Add shallots and saute for a minute or 2. Add the sprouts back in, add the chicken stock, cover, reduce heat to medium low, and cook for 30 minutes or until sprouts are soft and tender., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed, Salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 34 cup chicken broth], title: Slow Cooked Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 3039: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 3040: {instructions: Heat oil in small nonstick skillet over medium high heat. In a large bowl stir together the potatoes, carrot, parsley and salt and pepper. Add vegetable mixture to hot skillet and flatten with a spatula. When pancake has browned flip over and continue to brown. Reduce heat and cook pancake until crisp on outside and tender on the inside about 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 russet potatoes, grated, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Potato Carrot Pancake, picturelink: null}, 3041: {instructions: Rim a small portion of a chilled martini glass with powdered wasabi.nIn a martini shaker, add ice, vodka and sake and shake vigorously to combine. Pour into arimmed martini glass and garnish with gingerstuffed olives. This is a great martini drink for bachelor parties, bridal showers, or any occasion. Its up to you if you go for the wasabi on the side.... good luck, ingredients: [Powdered wasabi, Ice, 1 14 ounces favorite vodka, 1 14 ounces sake if you dont have access to sake, just add more vodka and pray, Gingerstuffed olives take out pimento add pickled ginger], title: WasabiSakiTini, picturelink: GfFAX2GkmpmxiIxJCXlqNGhnys0WGtm}, 3042: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 10 foil cupcake linersnFor the panna cotta: Place ten foil cupcake liners in a muffin pan. Coat the interior of each with nonstick cooking spray.nPour the milk in a small bowl and sprinkle with the gelatin let stand until the mixture has the consistency of granulated sugar, about 1 minute.nCombine the cream and sugar in a medium saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Whisk in the milk mixture, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, then add in the chocolate chips and vanilla. Whisk until smooth. Pour the liquid through a fine mesh sieve into a large measuring cup. Divide the mixture evenly among the foil liners they should be filled to the brim. Place the pan on a level surface in the refrigerator until the panna cotta is set and springs back when touched, 2 hours 30 minutes.nFor the blueberry sauce: Puree 12 cup of the blueberries and 1 tablespoon water in a blender for 1 minute. Scrape out the blueberry puree into a small saucepan. Place the pan over medium heat and add the sugar, stirring until the sugar dissolves and the sauce begins to bubble slightly, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the lemon juice and cool until no longer warm to the touch, 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the panna cotta from the muffin pan, then gently pull away the sides of the cupcake liners from the panna cotta and invert each onto a plate or shallow bowl. Drizzle each serving with 1 teaspoon of the cooled blueberry sauce and sprinkle 4 to 5 blueberries on top to serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 2 12 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dark chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups blueberries, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon juice], title: GlutenFree Dark Chocolate and Blueberry Panna Cotta, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 3043: {instructions: Cut apricots in half and remove pits. Place 5 apricot halves on each disk. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar and bake in a 350 degree F oven for 15 minutes or until pastry is golden brown. Melt glaze and brush over tarts. Sprinkle almonds around the edges of the tarts., ingredients: [15 apricots, 6 puff pastry disks, 12 cup cinnamon sugar, 12 cup apricot glaze, 12 cup toasted almonds], title: Apricot Tart, picturelink: null}, 3044: {instructions: Rinse the chestnuts under water. Take a sharp knife and score the flat side of the chestnut, making a cross. Toss nuts in a little oil and sprinkle with salt. Lay the oiled nuts out on a baking sheet and roast in a pre heated 275 degree F oven for about 20 minutes or until fully roasted shell opens. Let the chestnuts cool, and then peel and chop them. Chop half of the nut very finely and the other half coarsely.nCut the figs in half and place on skewers 3 halves per skewer. Place the skewers on a baking sheet and drizzle with honey. Sprinkle the finely chopped chestnuts over the figs and place under a hot broiler and heat until browned.nTo make the dressing, combine the shallots, mustard, vinegar and thyme and whisk together. Slowly whisk in the oil and finish with the truffle oil and season with salt to pepper.nTo plate the dish, toss the mache in the vinaigrette, sprinkle with finely chopped chestnuts and place in the center of the plate. Place a warm fig skewer diagonally on top of the salad. Place coarsely chopped chestnuts around the plate. Sliver the truffle cheese and lay on top of the fig salad. Finally, drizzle some truffle vinaigrette around the plate.nnRecipe Courtesy of Don Pintabona, Executive Chef Tribeca Grill .nPut 2 pounds of chestnuts in cold water, season with a pinch of salt and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce the heat to a simmer for 40 minutes until tender. Saute the cooked chestnuts with 3 tablespoons of butter, reseason with salt and pepper and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley., ingredients: [12 pound whole chestnuts, 6 black mission figs, 8 ounces chestnut honey, 6 ounces truffle cheese, 8 ounces mache, 4 bamboo skewers soaked, 1 shallot, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, 4 ounces white wine vinegar, 8 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Chestnut Roasted Figs with Truffle Vinaigrette and Truffle Cheese, picturelink: null}, 3045: {instructions: Place oatmeal in food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Remove to a bowl and set aside. Place macadamia nuts in food processor and pulse until finely chopped but not stuck together. Add nuts to oatmeal and mix well. Add flour, thyme, and Parmesan to mixture, mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nDip chicken breasts in butter, then dredge breasts in oatmeal mixture until breasts are wellcoated. In large skillet heat canola oil over medium high heat. Add chicken in and fry, turning once until crispy and brown, about 4 minutes on each side. Or just brown and bake in 350 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Serve atop fruit paella with a side of chutney dipping sauce.nMix all ingredients together in a medium bowl. Serve with chicken.nPlace rice in sieve and rinse under cold water until water runs clear. Drain well. In a saucepan heat the 14 cup olive oil and saute onion until softened. Add the lemongrass, rice and salt, stir well. Add broth, stir, cover and cook for 1216 minutes over medium hat until rice is tender and the liquid is absorbed. Remove and discard the lemongrass. Saute garlic and ginger in remaining olive oil about 4 to 5 minutes, until softened. Add red bell pepper, water chestnuts, and fruits and saute lightly for 2 minutes until heated through. Add rum and flambe to remove alcohol. Toss with rice and serve warm with chicken., ingredients: [2 cups quick rolled oatmeal, 1 cup macadamia nuts, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, 14 cup Parmesan, shredded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 6ounce chicken breasts, 2 cups butter, melted, 12 cup canola oil, Fruit paella, recipe follows, Chutney dipping sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups mango chutney, 1 cup diced pineapple, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 medium onions, diced, 12 cup olive oil, 2 stalks lemongrass, crushed, 2 cups jasmine rice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 2 large red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 14 cup chopped green onion, white part only, 12 cup water chestnuts, diced, 1 small pineapple, diced, 1 large star fruit, sliced, 1 medium papaya, diced, 1 medium mango, diced, 2 tablespoons rum], title: Crunchy Macadamia Nut Chicken Over Tropical Fruit Paella, picturelink: null}, 3046: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray a baking sheet with nonstick spray and set aside.nSeason chicken with 14 teaspoon salt and set aside.nUsing a blender or food processor, grind cereal to a breadcrumblike consistency. Transfer crumbs to a large sealable plastic bag. Add remaining 14 teaspoon salt and all other seasonings. Seal the bag and shake to mix. Open the bag and, if you like, season the crumbs with additional seasonings, to taste. Set aside.nPlace egg substitute in a wide bowl. Two at a time, coat the drumsticks in egg substitute, gently shake to remove excess liquid and place in the bag with the crumbs. Seal and shake to coat. Transfer crumbcoated drumsticks to the baking sheet and repeat with remaining drumsticks.nBake in the oven for 20 minutes and then carefully flip. Bake for another 15 to 20 minutes, until crispy and cooked through. Enjoy, ingredients: [6 raw chicken drumsticks, skin removed, 12 teaspoon salt, divided, 12 cup highfiber bran cereal recommended: Fiber One Original, 1 14 teaspoons black pepper, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon onion powder, 34 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute], title: Crispity Crunchity Drumsticks, picturelink: null}, 3047: {instructions: Using your absinthe spoon to perch the marshmallow candy over your glass, pour the absinthe over the marshmallow candy and then carefully light the marshmallow candy on fire, letting the molten sugar drip into the absinthe.nAdd the blue curacao, a splash of grenadine, and top with soda water. Garnish with a marshmallow candy head and cherry, if desired., ingredients: [2 puffed marshmallowshaped candies,1 to ignite and 1 to garnish,recommended: Peeps, 2 ounces absinthe, 1 ounce blue curacao, Splash grenadine, 2 ounces soda water, Cherry, for serving], title: Peepin It Real Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 3048: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the bourbon, both vermouths, and the dash of bitters. Cover and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with the cherry or orange twist and serve.nCopyright 2004 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 ounces Kentucky bourbon, 12 fluid ounce sweet Italian vermouth, 12 fluid ounce dry French vermouth, 1 dash Angostura bitters, Maraschino cherry or orange twist], title: Perfect Manhattan, picturelink: null}, 3049: {instructions: Mince and mash the chiles into a paste with a large knife, then mix with the adobo sauce, cumin and thyme in a small bowl. Season the lamb chops with salt and coat with the chile mixture.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or wide deep skillet over high heat. Add the lamb chops and cook until browned on both sides and a crust starts to form, 8 to 10 minutes.nStir in the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, cilantro, bay leaves and cinnamon, and cook until the garlic is soft, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices use a wooden spoon to break up the tomatoes and scrape up the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. The chops should be barely submerged in liquid add up to 12 cup water, if needed. Cook until the meat is tender and the sauce is slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Serve the chops with the sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 chipotle chile peppers in adobo sauce, plus 2 tablespoons sauce from the can, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 8 bonein lamb shoulder chops about 2 pounds, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped white onion, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves and stems, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, preferably fireroasted], title: Chipotle Lamb Chops, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 3050: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nLightly dust the work surface and rolling pin with flour. Roll the dough out into an 8 by 11inch oval.nIn a medium bowl, mix the spinach, ricotta, and mozzarella and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace all the filling on 1 half of the dough leaving a 34inch border along the edge.nFold the remaining dough over the filling until the edges line up and pinch the edges together to seal. Gently roll the pinched edges under to form a decorative rim.nPlace the calzone on a baking sheet dusted with cornmeal and brush the top with olive oil.nBake until golden brown and the center is hot and melted, 25 minutes, rotating midway through cooking.nBasic Pizza Dough:n1 package active dry yeastn34 cup warm water, about 110 degrees Fn1 teaspoon sugarn1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oiln1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneadingn1 teaspoon saltnIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together yeast, warm water, sugar and olive oil. Let sit for about 3 minutes to fully dissolve and activate the yeast.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour and salt.nWith a rubber spatula, gradually mix the yeast mixture into the flour until just combined and dough barely holds together. Turn the dough out onto a clean counter surface dusted with flour.nKnead the dough with flourdusted hands until the dough has become smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. The surface should be tight and silky and bounce back slightly when pressed. Lightly grease a large mixing bowl with olive oil and place the dough in it.nCover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours.nOnce doubled, punch the dough down and divide it into 2 equal pieces. Knead each 1 slightly to form a uniform ball. Set aside and cover them with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap to rest for 30 minutes.nCooks Note: Dough can be made the day before and refrigerated overnight once it is divided. Keep covered tightly in plastic wrap or in a sealed food storage bag.nYield: 2 dough balls, ingredients: [Flour, for rolling dough, 12 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 5 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed of excess water, 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 1 small ball fresh mozzarella, grated, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 grinds black pepper, Coarse cornmeal, for dusting baking sheet, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spinach and Ricotta Calzone, picturelink: j1p0lB7fCiv0JOZ4QvUYtyPbez7y}, 3051: {instructions: Pulse the chickpeas, garlic, half each of the scallions, cilantro and pickled peppers, the panko and cumin in a food processor until smooth, about 3 minutes. Form into 4 thin 3inch patties.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties and cook until a golden crust forms, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, whisk the yogurt with the pickled pepper brine in a medium bowl and season with salt. Toss the salad greens, chopped tomato and the remaining scallions and cilantro with half of the yogurt dressing in a large bowl.nPut the falafel patties on the sandwich thins top with the sliced tomato and the remaining yogurt dressing and pickled peppers. Serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 14.5ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, 4 scallions white and light green parts only, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup pickled cherry or jalapeno peppers, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 cup plain 2 percent Greek yogurt, Kosher salt, 1 6ounce bag mixed salad greens, 2 tomatoes 1 chopped, 1 sliced, 4 wholewheat sandwich thins, lightly toasted], title: Falafel Burgers, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 3052: {instructions: Remove stems and seeds from jalapenos wear gloves.nTo a food processor, add: jalapenos, black pepper, coriander, turmeric, cumin, nutmeg, cloves, garlic and ginger and process to a pastelike consistency.nMelt butter in large pot. Cook onion until soft and golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add spice paste and lamb, and cook 5 to 7 minutes stirring often.nAdd tomato paste, broth and salt. Bring to a simmer, stir occasionally, and cook 30 minutes.nAdd the carrots, apples and potato, and continue to simmer until vegetables are tender, 20 to 30 minutes.nAdd peas and cook 5 minutes more. Serve and be hooked, ingredients: [1 to 2 jalapeno peppers, 4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 5 garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 2 12 tablespoons butter, 2 onions, chopped, 1 pound lamb meat, 12 to 1inch cubes, 13 cup about tomato paste, 2 quarts chicken broth, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 carrots, diced, 2 apples, peeled, cored, diced, 1 small potato, peeled, diced, 12 cup frozen peas], title: Mulligatawny Soup, picturelink: null}, 3053: {instructions: Make the dough. Form into a 5inch disk, wrap in plastic and chill one hour, or up to 3 days. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and on a lightly floured surface, roll it to a 12inch circle. Brush off any excess flour. Place the round on a sheet tray lined with wax or parchment paper, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Peel, core and slice each apple in half. Slice each half in 3 sections and toss the apples in lemon juice. Set aside.nMelt the butter, sugar and 14 teaspoon lemon juice together in an ovenproof skillet measuring 10 inches across the top. Bakelite handles are ovenproof. Cook, stirring, until the mixture turns a light caramel color. Be careful not to overcook it will continue to darken from the residual heat in the pan. Remove from heat.nArrange the apple slices, rounded side down, in a circle around the skillet and in the center. Scatter the cranberries between the slices. Youll have enough slices to stack them 2 deep.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and center it over the skillet. Using scissors, trim the circle so that it overhangs 12inch all around. Tuck the edge down between the apples and the skillet. Lightly brush the dough with cold water and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar.nBake about 40 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown. Remove from oven and let sit on a cooling rack for 5 minutes. Place a serving dish over the skillet and flip the whole thing to invert the tart onto the plate. Dont forget to put a potholder over the skillet handle Serve with ginger whipped cream., ingredients: [1 recipe Pate Sucree, 5 large apples about 2 12 pounds, Juice of one lemon, 4 tablespoons butter, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 13 cup cranberries optional], title: Cranberry Apple Tarte Tatin, picturelink: null}, 3054: {instructions: Place 3 scoops of the ice cream in each of 2 bowls. Pour the espresso over the ice cream and serve immediately.nNote: To make espresso for this recipe in your electric drip coffee maker, use 13 cup of ground espresso and enough water for 4 cups of coffee., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 12 cup hot brewed espresso], title: Affogato, picturelink: null}, 3055: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 cup muffin tin and paper linersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line twelve 12cup muffin cups with paper muffin liners.nWhisk the flours with the brown sugar, wheat germ, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. In another medium bowl lightly whisk the egg, then whisk in the vegetable oil, and vanilla extract.nQuickly and lightly fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients with a rubber spatula. Stir in the carrots and pineapple just until evenly moist the batter will be very thick. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until golden and a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Turn muffins out of the tins and cool on a rack. Serve warm.nPer Serving: Calories: 179 Total Fat: 7 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 3 grams Total carbohydrates: 26 grams Sugar: 14 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 31 milligrams Sodium: 110 milligrams, ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 23 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons wheat germ, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch fine salt, 2 large eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 4 medium carrots, grated about 2 cups, 12 cup canned crushed pineapple, drained], title: Healthy Carrot Muffins, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 3056: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat add the cherries, sugar and lemon juice.nCook until reduced and the liquid is slightly syrupy, about for 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest and remove from the heat. Scoop the frozen yogurt into 4 serving dishes and top with the syrup. Garnish with candied ginger and serve.nLine a cookie tray with parchment paper.nCombine 1 cup of water and 1 cup of sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil and add the ginger. Cook for about 5 minutes, then remove the ginger to the cookie tray. While hot, add 14 cup of the sugar and toss together. Separate the ginger slices and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup sugar. Cool before using., ingredients: [1 pound frozen cherries, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 pint storebought frozen yogurt, Candied ginger, recipe follows, for garnish, 1 cup water, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup peeled and thinly sliced ginger], title: Sweet and Tangy Frozen Yogurt Sundae, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 3057: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nIn a large bowl, toss the pumpkin seeds, almonds, and sunflower seeds and the syrup until evenly coated. Spread the nuts and seeds out, in an even single layer, on the lined baking sheets and season with salt to taste. Bake the nuts, stirring several times with spatula or wooden spoon, until just golden, about 20 minutes.nCool the nuts completely on the pan, then add the cherries and toss to combine. Store cooled trail mix in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups baby pumpkin seeds pepitas, 1 cup slivered almonds, 34 cup raw sunflower seeds, 6 tablespoons pure Grade B maple syrup, Coarse salt, 1 cup dried cherries or cranberries], title: Pumpkin Seed Dried Cherry Trail Mix, picturelink: PSQaAH7gq29lj6ZGxg4ERMW5kev2PQy}, 3058: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large 10 to 12inch skillet. Add the onion and cook for 5 minutes over mediumlow heat, until translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the sausage and cook over mediumlow heat, breaking it up with a fork, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until no longer pink. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, 2 tablespoons of the parsley, the basil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Simmer, uncovered, over mediumlow heat, for 15 to 20 minutes, until thickened.nMeanwhile, fill a large bowl with the hottest tap water. Add the noodles and allow them to sit in the water for 20 minutes. Drain.nIn a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, goat cheese, 1 cup of Parmesan, the egg, the remaining 2 tablespoons of parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.nLadle 13 of the sauce into a 9 by 12 by 2inch rectangular baking dish, spreading the sauce over the bottom of the dish. Then add the layers as follows: half the pasta, half the mozzarella, half the ricotta, and one third of the sauce. Add the rest of the pasta, mozzarella, ricotta, and finally, sauce. Sprinkle with 14 cup of Parmesan. Bake for 30 minutes, until the sauce is bubbling., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped yellow onion 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 pounds sweet Italian turkey sausage, casings removed, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes in tomato puree, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, divided, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound lasagna noodles, 15 ounces ricotta cheese, 3 to 4 ounces creamy goat cheese, crumbled, 1 cup grated Parmesan, plus 14 cup for sprinkling, 1 extralarge egg, lightly beaten, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: Lasagna with Turkey Sausage, picturelink: 8rwpSnSYCgTkDr8wskOGkYjPVKE3oA2}, 3059: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the shrimp with the olive oil, garlic and oregano, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper. Let marinate 1 hour. Place the canola oil in a small saucepan and heat to 350 degrees, add the garlic slices and fry until lightly golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Preheat grill. Remove shrimp from marinade and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until cooked through. Place on a platter and top with garlic chips., ingredients: [16 large shrimp, shelled, deveined, 12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons fresh flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 2 cups canola oil, 6 cloves garlic, finely sliced], title: Grilled Shrimp with Oregano and Garlic Chips, picturelink: null}, 3060: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8inch cake pan or Bunt pan with nonstick cooking spray.nPlace the grated ginger in 2 layers of cheesecloth, or in 2 layers of paper towels. Squeeze to extract the juice, and set both the ginger and juice aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda and juiced grated ginger.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the egg with the brown sugar, applesauce, canola oil and vanilla until well combined. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until thoroughly incorporated. Scrape the batter into the prepared cake pan, leveling the top with a spatula. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out mostly clean with a few crumbs clinging to it, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven. When cool enough to handle, invert the cake onto a wire cooling rack.nFor the glaze, stir together the powdered sugar with the reserved ginger juice. If the glaze is too thick, just add a little water to form a pourable but still thick consistency.nWhen the cake is completely cooled, about 1 hour, pour the glaze onto the center and use an offset spatula to help the glaze run down the sides. Sprinkle the edges with the chopped walnuts to garnish., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 tablespoons grated ginger from about 3inch piece of ginger, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 egg, 1 cup applesauce, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup chopped walnuts], title: Spice Cake with Ginger Glaze, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 3061: {instructions: Special equipment: Large bowl of water with ice cubes to cool the pastanFor the pasta: Bring the 12 quarts water to the boil. Before cooking the pasta have all the equipment and ice water ready for the cooking and chilling process. Add the salt to the pasta pot, reboil and begin to blanch or parcook the pasta in batches. Cook each batch for 2 to 3 minutes in rapidly boiling water before using a large wire strainer to scoop out the cooked pasta, submerge in the ice water and then resume cooking another batch of pasta using the same method. Small bathes ensure uniform cooking and cooling. When the pasta sheets have cooled in 1 or 2 minutes, remove them from the water and place them on paper towels to dry. When all the pasta has been cooked in this manner the lasagna may be assembled.nAssemble and bake the lasagna:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread some Bichamel on the bottom of the baking pan. Top with a layer of pasta sheets. Spread a thin layer of meat sauce on top of the pasta, top with a layer of Bichamel, evenly sprinkle on some grated Parmigiano cheese and top with another single layer of pasta. Do this layering process until all of the ingredients have been used and making sure that the final and top layer is Bichamel sauce with Parmigiano sprinkled on. When the baking dish is completely filled the lasagna is ready to be baked. Place into the oven and bake for 45 minutes until the top has begun to brown and the edges are crispy.nFor the southern style: Combine the yolks and the ricotta cheese to make a mixture that will be used in place of the bichamel sauce. When assembling, add some sliced mozzarella to the layering technique and be sure that the final layer is one of mozzarella cheese. Bake using the same directions.nFor the vegetarian style: The layering technique is the same here as in the previous recipe. The vegetables must be cooked first. Sauti the sliced mushrooms in 1 tablespoon of olive oil, season with salt and pepper and cool. Saute the zucchini with 1 tablespoon of olive oil, season and cool. Cook the spinach leaves in the same fashion but cool by placing on paper towels to absorb the excess moisture. Assemble in the same fashion alternating pasta, ricotta, mushrooms, spinach, tomato sauce, Parmigiano, zucchini, mozzarella and pasta. Finally ending with a top layer of mozzarella. Bake similarly at 375 degrees until golden and crisp. Cool all three lasagnas for 20 minutes before serving.nGently heat the milk over a low flame but do not boil. While the milk is heating put the butter into a sauce pot and slowly melt over low heat. When the butter is melted whisk in the flour gradually to avoid lumps and gently cook this roux. Using a wire whisk, very slowly begin to pour the hot milk into the roux, a little at a time. Avoid lumps by going very slowly. When all the milk has been added, add the seasoning, turn the heat very low and cook for 20 minutes. When finished allow to cool somewhat before using in the lasagna recipe.nHeat the oil and butter together, over low heat, in a heavy bottomed pot. Add the onion, celery and carrot and cook till wilted. Add the meat and, breaking up the meat with a fork or spoon, cook gently and stirring frequently. Season the meat with salt and pepper, add the wine and allow the wine to cook completely down to almost dry before adding the tomatoes and water. Adjust the heat to a slow simmer and, being careful not to cook too rapidly, cook the meat and tomato sauce for between 3 to 4 hours. Stir frequently to avoid scorching the bottom of the pot and keep an eye on this simmering pot. When the sauce has cooked for several hours and the excess water has cooked off, remove from the heat and allow to cool before assembling the lasagna., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh pasta sheets, cut into 4 x17 inch strips, 12 quarts water in a large pot suitable in which to cook the pasta, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, plus additional cheese for Bichamel sauce, 1 Bichamel sauce, recipe follows, 1 Bolognese sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound Mozzarella cheese thinly sliced, 1 pound Ricotta cheese, 4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 pounds pasta, 1 recipe meat sauce, 1 cup Parmigiano cheese, 2 pounds pasta sheets, 1 pound Mozzarella cheese, 1 pound Ricotta, 4 egg yolks, 1 pound fresh Crimini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 12 pound zucchini, thinly sliced, 2 pounds fresh spinach leaves, well washed, 2 cups tomato sauce made in a similar slow cooked fashion but meatless and with the addition of basil leaves, 1 cup Parmigiano cheese, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 cups hot milk, 6 tablespoons butter, 6 tablespoons flour, 12 each teaspoon salt and ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped carrot, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, seeds removed and roughly chopped, 1 cup water], title: Classic Lasagna Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 3062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Oil a 3 or 4 cup ovenproof baking dish.nIn a dry medium skillet, saute the chorizo over mediumhigh heat until almost crisp. Remove the chorizo to a plate. Add the onion and garlic to the pan juices and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Return the chorizo to the skillet with the onions and garlic and stir to combine.nPut 12 of cheese in the baking dish and sprinkle with 12 of the chorizo mixture. Repeat with the remaining cheese and chorizo mixture. Bake until the cheese is bubbling, about 20 minutes. Serve with flour tortillas for soft tacos., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for oiling the baking dish, 6 ounces chorizo or spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 2 cups grated Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese, 6 flour tortillas, warmed], title: Baked Cheese with Chorizo, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 3063: {}, 3064: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nScones: Whisk together the baking mix and sugar in a large bowl. Mix in the butter with your hands or a pastry blender until the butter is the size of peas. Beat the eggs well with the 14 cup milk in a small bowl. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and combine until just blended. Do not over mix. Gently fold in the blueberries. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and pat into a 34inch thick square. Cut into 4 squares, then cut each square into 2 triangles. Arrange the scones on an ungreased baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove to a wire rack and let cool a bit before glazing.nFor the glaze: Whisk together the confectioners sugar, lemon juice, and vanilla until smooth. Pour evenly over the warm scones. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups baking mix, see recipe or Bisquick, 14 cup sugar, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 12 cup frozen blueberries, Allpurpose flour, for work surface, 1 cup confectioners sugar, Lemon juice from Chicken Cutlet recipe, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Blueberry Scones with Lemon Glaze, picturelink: guRQ1aQcEzDz4hS9MeIJEkyUDE1aEi}, 3065: {instructions: Mix together the marinade ingredients. Place the shrimp in a shallow dish or plastic container, and pour the marinade over them. Cover and marinate for 1 to 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler. Transfer the shrimp to a broiling pan and broil for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until just cooked. Set aside to cool. Thread 1 shrimp, 1 papaya slice and 1 mango slice onto each skewer, and continue threading, using 3 to 4 shrimp per skewer. Serve with Mango Salsa as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 cup minced scallions, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, A few drops hot pepper sauce, 2 pounds mediumsize shrimp about 36 peeled and deveined, 1 recipe marinade, 2 large mangos, 1 large papaya], title: Shrimp, Mangos, and Papayas on Skewers with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3066: {instructions: For boning whole duck: Remove the first joint of the wing and reserve for stock. Remove the legs and thighs. Remove the feet from the legs and add to the stockpile. Remove the excess skin and use for rendering duck fat.nRemove the breasts from the breast bone. Trim any excess fat and add to the pile that needs to get rendered. Break down the neck and add to the carcass to make duck stock. Reserve 1 breast with skin off for the pastrami and reserve 1 breast with skin on for the roasted duck breast recipe. Reserve the legs and thighs for the duck confit. Reserve duck livers for the Dirty Quinoa. Reserve duck fat to render. Reserve carcass for stock.nPlace a deep hotel pan or roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Place 2 handfuls of soaked wood chips into the bottom of the pan and top with a perforated hotel pan or cooling rack placed over the roasting pan.nAdd 2 tablespoons blended oil and all the reserved fat from the duck to a large cast iron pan and place over medium heat to render. After about 10 minutes, remove the solid fat cracklings and carefully strain out any impurities. If not using right away, allow the reserved rendered duck fat to cool to room temperature and keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nSeason the duck with salt, pinch sugar, toasted ground coriander, allspice, and peppercorns. Flip and repeat. Drizzle both sides with extravirgin olive oil.nPlace the duck breast into the perforated part of the smoker or on the cooling rack and seal with foil. Place over high heat and smoke, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the duck from the pan and let rest.nFor the bulls blood salad: To a large bowl, add the shallot, salt, pepper, apple cider vinegar, whole grain mustard and whisk in the warm duck fat. Taste and reseason, if necessary. To a medium bowl, add the pickled onions, julienned apples, Bulls Blood greens, about 14 cup dressing around the sides of the bowl, and season with freshly ground black pepper. Toss to combine and taste.nFor the toast: Place a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons duck fat and 4 to 5 bread slices and add to the pan and toast. Remove from the pan and slice into croutons.nFor each serving, place the salad onto the middle of a plate. Slice the duck thinly on the bias and place over the salad. Garnish with croutons, sliced cracklings, and drizzle with more dressing.nFor the pickled onions: Pack the onions in 2 1quart jars and cover with enough water to come within 12inch of the rim. Pour the water out into a measuring cup. Note the volume, pour off half of the water and replace it with vinegar. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoons salt for every 3 cups of liquid.nPour the vinegar mixture into a nonreactive saucepan, add the garlic, bay leaves, coriander seeds, black peppercorns, red pepper flakes, and mustard seeds, and bring to a boil over high heat. Allow the liquid to boil for 2 minutes, and then remove it from the heat.nDivide the mixture between the jars, pouring the liquid to cover the onions and then screw on the lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 whole duck, 2 tablespoons blended oil, Reserved fat from 1 whole duck, 4 duck breasts, fat and skin removed, 4 tablespoons whole coriander seed, toasted and ground, 3 to 4 whole allspice berries, toasted and ground, 4 tablespoons black peppercorns, toasted and ground, Kosher salt, Big pinch sugar, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 shallot, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 4 teaspoons whole grain mustard, 12 cup warm duck fat, 12 cup pickled onions, recipe follows, 1 cup julienned apples, 1 cup Bulls Blood micro greens, Freshly ground black pepper, Rendered warm duck fat, 4 to 5 thinly sliced pieces rye bread, 12 cup cracklings, sliced, 2 pounds red onions, sliced, White wine vinegar, Sugar, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds], title: Duck Pastrami, Pickled Red Onion, Mustard, Rye Toast, picturelink: null}, 3067: {instructions: Have your fishmonger cut the bass into nice, thick squares. With a sharp French knife or boning knife, score the skin side of the fish in a oneinch diagonal pattern. The best equipment for steaming this fish is a wok and a large bamboo steamer. Shallow, heat resilient ceramic bowls that fit inside the steamer are perfect. You may have to steam the fish in waves, or you can stack an additional steamer onto the original to create a layered steamer tower. If you do not have heat resistant bowls to serve the fish in, any shallow stainless pan will work and then you just will have to transfer the fish into serving bowls.nPeel the shrimp, leaving heads intact. Slice shrimp down the middle, beginning at the base of the head and continuing to the beginning of the tail. Remove the vein. Hold the shrimp by the tail and then pull the tail through the slit, going under so the tail stands upright.nFor steaming in individual bowls:nPlace one piece of lightly salted fish in the center of the bowl. Combine in a stainless steel bowl, 3 to 4 cups of water, julienned ginger, tomato sections, cup of cilantro sprigs, and 4 to 5 umeboshi plums, seeds removed and lightly mashed between your fingers. In each bowl, place two shrimp and ladle two pieces of tomato and about 6 to 8 cups of the liquid around the fish, making sure to get equal amounts of ginger and plum in the bowl. Sprinkle cracked white pepper on top of the fish. While you are preparing the bowls, set up wok with water and steamers. Turn on heat, bringing it up to full steam. Carefully place bowls in steamer, then cover and cook till fish is done. The cooking time will vary according to the thickness of the fish and the intensity of the steam. An average piece of bass, approximately one inch thick, will cook in approximately six to seven minutes. Cautiously remove bowls and garnish with fresh cilantro sprigs. Serve with ample steamed rice.nIf you have a rice steamer, proceed as you would to steam any rice. A banana leaf placed in the steamer will impart a wonderfully fragrant perfume.nTo cook jasmine rice:nBring four cups water to a boil. Add rice, salt and oil and boil hard until you see big rounds of boiling rice, approximately three to four minutes. Reduce heat to simmer, cover pot and cook for 15 minutes. Check rice with a fork, taste. If it is a little al dente, leave covered on stove with the heat off for three to four more minutes. Serve in individual bowls., ingredients: [4 sixounce portions of Chilean sea bass, skin on, cut into squares, 8 ounces U16 shrimp fresh, head on preferably, 2 tablespoons ginger, peeled and thinly julienned, 2 vineripe tomatoes or other ripe varietals cut into quarters, 1 cup picked cilantro sprigs, 1 jar umeboshi pickled plums, 1 tablespoon Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked white pepper, Steamed rice, recipe follows, 4 cups water, 2 cups jasmine rice, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons light oil, i.e. grapeseed, Banana leaf, optional], title: Madame Es Simply Steamed Sea Bass with Ginger and Pickled Plum, picturelink: null}, 3068: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high. Pulse the olives, shallot, garlic, rosemary, red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons olive oil and the juice of 12 lemon in a food processor season with salt and pepper.nPierce the steak all over with a fork and season with salt and pepper. Rub 1 heaping tablespoon olive mixture all over the steak, then set aside, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the remaining olive mixture with the tomatoes, parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the juice of the remaining 12 lemon in a small bowl.nGrill the steak until browned on one side, about 7 minutes. Flip and cook about 7 more minutes for medium rare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Cut in half reserve one half for steak sandwiches at right. Thinly slice the remaining steak against the grain and top with the olivetomato tapenade., ingredients: [12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 1 medium shallot, 1 clove garlic, 1 sprig rosemary, leaves stripped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds flank steak, 1 pint grape tomatoes, quartered, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Steak With Tapenade, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 3069: {instructions: Place chicken in a large soup pot. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and skim as needed. Simmer 10 minutes and add vegetables and herbs. Bring back to a boil and simmer, partially covered, for 1 12 hours. Strain, removing fat from surface, and reduce to 6 cups, to concentrate flavor.nIn a bowl mix the eggs, seltzer, chicken fat, salt and pepper. Gradually stir in the matzoh meal until everything is well combined. Chill, covered, in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hoursnBring a pot of salted water to a boil and using cool, wet hands, shape the matzoh mixture into eight balls about 1 12inches in diameter. Reduce the heat to simmering and gently add the matzoh balls. Cover the pot and poach the matzoh balls in the barely simmering water for 25 minutes. Add matzoh balls to soup and serve. Drink: Seltzer, ingredients: [2 123 pound chicken, 1 large onion, studded with 3 cloves, 2 carrots, quartered, 2 small stalks celery, cut into 3inch pieces, 2 small leeks, split lengthwise, 1 parsley root, trimmed, 2 parsnips, quartered, Sprig of fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, 6 parsley sprigs, Salt to taste, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 3 tablespoons seltzer, 2 tablespoons rendered chicken fat, melted, 14 teaspoon Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup Matzoh Meal], title: Matzoh Ball Soup, picturelink: null}, 3070: {instructions: Peel and devein prawns. Set aside. Cook the sausages until almost done. Cut the sausages into 1 12 inch pieces, then wrap a prawn around each sausage piece and put on a skewer.nCombine the plum sauce and chile paste. Spread the marinade on both sides of the prawn skewers and grill 4 minutes on each side.nServe immediately., ingredients: [10 large prawns, 5 spicy sausages, 12 cup plum sauce, 2 tablespoons chili paste], title: Black Eye Prawns, picturelink: c6tA3amvQqsckIel7bMOTKaSJnl4gEO}, 3071: {instructions: Spread about 2 12 tablespoons softened cream cheese across the middle of the dough fold the bottom third of the dough over. Spread another 2 12 tablespoons cream cheese and 2 tablespoons pesto over the folded part, then fold the top third of the dough over the filling. Roll out again, cut into strips and twist into pretzels. Brush with beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sea salt and dried basil bake.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [], title: Pesto Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 3072: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steak fingers: Combine the flour, seasoned salt, pepper and cayenne in a dish. Whisk together the milk and eggs in a separate dish.nTo bread the meat, first dredge in the flour mixture, then dip quickly in the egg mixture and then put back into the flour mixture to coat on both sides. Continue until all the meat is breaded.nHeat the butter and vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Fry the steak strips 4 or 5 at a time, turning midway through. When golden brown, remove from the skillet to a paper towellined plate. Continue with the remaining meat. Cover loosely with foil to keep warm.nFor the gravy: Pour off all the grease from the skillet, and then add 14 cup of the grease back in. Sprinkle on the flour. Whisk the mixture till it becomes a paste add more flour if you need to and cook the paste over mediumlow heat until its deep golden brown. Pour in about 3 cups of the milk, whisking constantly. Allow the gravy to cook and thicken, whisking regularly and adding more milk if it seems too thick right off the bat. Season the gravy with salt and pepper and pour into small dishes.nServe the steak fingers with the gravy. Yum, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup milk, 3 eggs, 2 pounds tenderized round steak or cube steak, cut into 1inch strips, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 3 to 4 cups milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steak Fingers and Gravy, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 3073: {instructions: Trim the thick stems and any wilted or yellow parts of the leaves form the collards. Cut the leaves crosswise into 12inch strips. Wash them in plenty of cold water and drain them well. You will have about 12 cups of shredded leaves.nHeat the oil in a large deep pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the red pepper flakes and stir until fragrant. Add the greens and cook, tossing and stirring, until they are coated with oil and pepper and wilted but maintain their vibrant color, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl, season with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds collard greens, 4 tablespoons olive oil or unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher or fine sea salt], title: Spicy Collard Greens, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 3074: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat the olive oil in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat until shimmering, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat for 30 seconds, shaking the pan to move around the garlic until it starts to turn golden. Add the panko and toast until crisp, stirring occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes. Season the panko with salt and pepper, toss with the parsley and let cool. Gently mix together the Manchego, mashed potatoes and chorizo and set aside. Stuff each pepper with 2 tablespoons of the mixture. Dip the opening of each pepper in panko, and then roll around in the panko to lightly coat. Lay out the peppers on the prepared baking sheet and bake until warmed through and the panko is golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes and serve hot or at room temperature.nPut the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water by about 1 inch and add 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil, uncovered, over high heat, and then reduce the heat to mediumhigh and simmer briskly until fork tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes, reserving 14 cup of the water. Return the potatoes to the pan. Shake the pan over medium heat for about a minute to dry the potatoes. Remove from the heat. Add the olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice and the reserved cooking water to the potatoes. Mash the potatoes, skins and all, with a traditional potato masher to an even consistency. Fold in the herbs and season with salt. Serve hot with a drizzle of olive oil.nYield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup panko, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 ounces Manchego cheese, shredded, 2 cups leftover Lemon Olive Oil Herb Mash , recipe follows, 4 ounces Spanish chorizo, cut into small dice, 16 to 18 canned piquillo peppers, drained about one 14ounce can, 2 pounds large Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, Kosher salt, 13 cup fruity extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, Finely grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme], title: Stuffed Piquillos, picturelink: null}, 3075: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pound chicken and season each breast with salt and pepper. Top chicken with spinach, red pepper, goat cheese, Parmesan, salt and pepper, to taste. Roll chicken with ingredients inside. Lightly dust each piece of chicken with flour. Whisk eggs and milk in bowl. Roll chicken in milkegg mix. Combine bread crumbs, parsley, Romano, garlic, salt and pepper in a separate bowl. Roll chicken in bread crumb mixture. Heat skillet to lowmedium and add olive oil. Lightly saute the chicken until golden brown on both sides. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until done., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breasts 7 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 12 ounces Sauteed spinach, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled and quartered, 12 ounces goat cheese, 8 ounces Parmesan, 4 teaspoons chopped Italian parsley, 6 ounces flour, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, Bread crumbs, 4 ounces Romano, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 6 ounces olive oil], title: Chicken Italiano, picturelink: null}, 3076: {instructions: Place the ricotta in a small strainer set over a bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes to drain the excess liquid.nTransfer the drained ricotta to a food processor or blender, add the brown sugar and orange liqueur, and process until smooth. The ricotta mixture can be made up to 8 hours in advance, covered and kept refrigerated.nDivide the strawberries among 4 dessert bowls and top each with a 14 cup of the ricotta mixture and sprinkle with the pistachios., ingredients: [1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, or fresh orange juice, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced, 14 cup pistachios, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Strawberries with Ricotta Cream and Pistachios, picturelink: 9LGVpKbjuC4pf7x9y5HcjqhN2l5uSoi}, 3077: {instructions: In a nonstick Dutch oven, heat the butter over medium heat and saute the leeks, celery, and thyme for about 1 minute. Sprinkle over the flour and stir until well coated. Add the potatoes, chicken broth, clams, clam juice, pepper and bay leaf. Simmer until the soup thickens, about 35 minutes.nWhile soup is simmering, heat a medium nonstick skillet over high heat and dry saute with no oil or butter the Canadian bacon until crisped.nOnce soup has thickened, add the cream and remove bay leaf. Stir until well blended and remove from heat be careful not to let boil. Garnish with green onions and crisped Canadian bacon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup leeks, cleaned and sliced, 1 cup celery, cleaned and diced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 pound potatoes, peeled and finely diced, 2 14ounce cans chicken broth, 1 10ounce can clams, undrained, 2 8ounce bottles clam juice, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 whole bay leaf, 2 ounces Canadian bacon, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sliced green onions], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 3078: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the ginger and garlic cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the mustard seeds cook 30 seconds. Add 12 cup water and the lime zest and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and cook 1 minute. Transfer the mixture to a blender blend to a smooth paste, adding more water if needed. Let cool.nRub the ginger paste over the entire chicken, including underneath the skin. Cover the chicken and marinate in the refrigerator, at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before cooking.nCombine the cardamom, cinnamon and cloves in a bowl. Cover with cold water and soak at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nCombine the red onion and 1 tablespoon salt in a bowl and let sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Rinse with cold water and drain well. Put the onion in a bowl and add the parsley and sumac.nHeat your grill to high for indirect grilling.nDrain the spices and add them evenly over the hot coals in a charcoal grill or to the smoker box of a gas grill. Put the lid on the grill and allow smoke to fill the grill, about 10 minutes.nSeason the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Put the chicken, skinside down, on the cooler side of the grill indirect heat, close the cover and grill until the skin is lightly golden brown with faint grill marks, 22 to 25 minutes. Turn the chicken skinside up, move to the hotter side of the grill direct heat and continue grilling until the skin is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Flip the chicken once more and continue grilling over direct heat until the skin is golden brown and crisp and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 8 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a cutting board, tent loosely with foil and let rest about 10 minutes before carving. Top the chicken with some of the onionparsley relish.nPhotograph by Jennifer Causey, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 4inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, Grated zest of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 3pound chicken, butterflied and lightly pounded for even thickness, 10 cardamom pods, 5 cinnamon sticks, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 1 medium red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon sumac], title: Smoked Ginger Chicken With Cardamom, Cloves and Cinnamon, picturelink: Wdqo3aqv2UVJ5n976pAlGXCN6AlEI2}, 3079: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Dissolve the instant coffee in a bowl with 13 cup warm water. Cook the sugar in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until it begins to melt. Continue cooking, swirling the pan but not stirring, until the sugar turns amber, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat dont worry if a few lumps of sugar remain. Carefully stir in the coffee mixture until smooth. Pour the caramel into an 8inchsquare baking pan tilt the pan to coat the bottom and halfway up the sides. Let cool until the caramel is no longer sticky, about 10 minutes.nLay the cake halves, cutside down, next to each other on top of the caramel in the prepared pan. Poke the cake all over with a fork.nWhisk the eggs and yolks in a bowl until foamy. Slowly whisk in the condensed milk and evaporated milk until smooth. Pour the egg mixture over the cake, gently pressing on the cake so it soaks up the liquid. Cover the pan with foil and bake until set, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer to a rack, remove the foil and let cool 30 minutes.nRun a knife around the edge of the pan to loosen the cake, then invert it onto a plate and unmold, letting the caramel drip onto the plate. Refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours. The cake can be refrigerated, covered, up to 3 days.nBeat the cream with a mixer until soft peaks form. Slice the cake top with the whipped cream.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons instant coffee, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12ounce storebought pound cake, halved lengthwise, 2 large eggs plus 4 egg yolks, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 cup chilled heavy cream], title: CoffeeCaramel Tres Leches Cake, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 3080: {instructions: Place tomatoes, jalapenos, and fennel in a bowl. Season liberally with pepper, salt and the Worchestershire sauce. Coat with olive oil, tossing lightly. Put a few of the tomatoes in the blender and liquefy  this will make it easier to puree the rest of the solids. Add the fenneltomatojalapeno mixture to a blender and puree until liquefied. Store in refrigerator up to 6 hours until chilled.nHint: If you can find them, heirloom tomatoes can really boost the flavor of this drink. Heirloom tomatoes are typically varieties that were grown over 50 years ago, before tomatoes were bred for ease of picking and distribution. Heirlooms tend to be a little more acidic than modern commercial tomatoes, and often the fresh tomato flavor is more pronounced.nAssembling the cocktail: Rub a cut lemon around the rim of a chilled martini glass. Dip the glass, upside down, in salt or your favorite spice rub. Slice the tip of a red jalapeno pepper vertically and slip over the rim. Place 1 or 2 of the jalapeno ice cubes in each glass, pour chilled bloody maria mixture on top, and top each glass with 1 ounce of lemon vodka. Stir carefully and serve.nHint: If you dont have lemon vodka, use regular vodka and squeeze a little lemon juice in each glass.nRemove the tops and stems of the jalapenos and slice. Place the water in a blender and add the jalapenos, seeds and all. Add the lemon to the blender, peel and all. Add the basil, a pinch of salt, and some ground black pepper, to taste. Puree in the blender until everything is incorporated. Strain through a sieve and pour into ice cube trays and freeze overnight until solid., ingredients: [3 pounds tomatoes heirloom if possible, cored and roughly cut, 2 to 3 jalapeno chilis, stems removed and roughly cut, 1 bulb fennel, white part roughly cut, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, halved, 12 cup favorite spice rub, 6 to 8 whole red jalapenos, Jalapeno Ice Cubes, recipe follows, Lemon vodka, 3 jalapeno peppers, 1 quart fresh, cold water, 12 lemon, 4 fresh basil leaves, Salt, Black pepper], title: Michaels Bloody Maria, picturelink: yDeYZG4iC8qezVbQPDErlSEgfxh5bi}, 3081: {instructions: Combine sauce ingredients in a bowl and whisk well to combine. Reserve, refrigerated., ingredients: [29 ounces nosugaradded tomato sauce, 6 ounces nosugaradded tomato paste, 2 ounces bourbon, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 tablespoon hot sauce, 34 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 14 cup brown sugar substitute, optional recommended: Sugar Twin brand, 2 tablespoons red onion, finely chopped, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: NoCook Low Carb Bourbon Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3082: {instructions: Melted butter or nonstick vegetable spray for greasing pan. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease a 9inch round cake pan. Line it with a disk of parchment paper or buttered waxed paper. Melt the chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler over barely simmering water or in a small bowl set over a saucepan of just simmering water. Remove from the heat. Put the flour, cornmeal, sugar, chile powder, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl and stir together with a whisk. Stir in the eggs and buttermilk, then stir in the chocolate mixture. Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Bake for 20 minutes, or until set and a tester comes out clean. Cool in the pan on a wire rack. Break the corn bread into 1inch chunks. Spread in a shallow 2quart baking dish.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees. Melt the chocolate in the top of a double boiler over barely simmering water or in a small bowl set over a saucepan of just simmering water. Remove from the heat. In a medium heavybottomed saucepan, combine the milk, cream, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar and bring to a scald. Meanwhile, put the remaining sugar 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons and the egg yolks in a large bowl and whisk just to blend. While gently whisking the yolks, drizzle the hot cream mixture into them so that they are gradually warmed up. Whisk in the melted chocolate. Using a fine sieve, strain the custard over the corn bread chunks. Wiggle the chunks around so they are well soaked. Place the baking dish in a roasting pan and add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the dish. Bake for 40 minutes, or until the custard is set., ingredients: [3 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup white cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon pure ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 6 large egg yolks], title: Chocolate Custard Corn Pone, picturelink: null}, 3083: {instructions: Whisk together the juices, oil, spices, and sliced garlic. Now put the ham in a bag large enough to hold it and pour in the marinade. Tie up the bag. Let this marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 days and up to 4 days.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nTake the pork out of the marinade and put it into a Dutch oven or roasting pan, fatsideup. Cover and cook for 1 12 hours. Turn it fatsidedown, cover and cook another 1 12 hours. Turn the meat one last time and cook 1 hour more. Now the meat should be almost falling off the bone. If it is not, it needs more time covered in the oven.nTurn up the heat to 375 degrees F and cook, uncovered, 30 minutes to brown.nNow remove the roast to a cutting board and allow it to rest a few minutes.nPull apart the pork with 2 large forks, degrease the remaining drippings from the roasting pan and pour the jus over it. Toss and serve., ingredients: [34 cup sour orange juice, or 3 ounces each orange and lime juice, 14 cup lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 2 bay leaves, broken in half, 1 tablespoon freshly toasted and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly toasted and ground cumin seeds, 3 large cloves garlic, sliced thin, 1 9pound fresh pork butt not smoked, with skin removed], title: Roast Pork Havana, picturelink: null}, 3084: {instructions: Artfully arrange the smoked salmon slices along two sides of a square platter. Arrange the lemon slices down the middle of the platter between the salmon slices, and spread the red onion slices over the lemon slices.nScatter the capers over the top of the platter, and place a small bunch of dill under the lemon slices at the top. Sprinkle with the pepper., ingredients: [1820 slices Norwegian smoked salmon, 2 lemons, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup capers, drained, Fresh dill, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Breakfast Smoked Salmon Platter, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 3085: {instructions: Melt the butterscotch chips in a double boiler over simmering water.nIn a medium bowl, combine the melted butterscotch and peanut butter. Add noodles and peanuts and mix well. Drop the batter by the heaped tablespoon onto waxed paper and refrigerate until cool and set, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups butterscotch chips 12 ounces, melted, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, plain or crunchy, 6 ounces Chinese or chow mein noodles, 6 ounces cocktail peanuts], title: Haystacks, picturelink: null}, 3086: {instructions: In a fondue pot, combine the chocolate chips, heavy cream, and marshmallows. Over medium heat, stir with a wooden spoon until chocolate and marshmallows are melted and the mixture is smooth. Arrange the fruits and cake on a serving platter. Have your guests dip their own servings, using the fruit or cake chunks and longhandled heatproof fondue forks., ingredients: [2 cups 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup minimarshmallows, 1 banana, sliced into 12inch rounds, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 pint strawberries, stems removed, 114ounce pound cake cut into 1inch squares], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 3087: {instructions: Special Equipment: Mix It In SoftServe Ice Cream MakernPlace milk and sugar in a medium bowl. Use a hand mixer on low speed for about 1 to 2 minutes or a whisk to mix until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the heavy cream and mint extract. Add food coloring in drops to reach desired color. If not freezing immediately, cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nTurn on ice cream maker and pour in ingredients. Allow to mix and freeze until desired serving consistency is reached. Begin checking consistency after 12 to 15 minutes of freezing. If ice cream is not thick enough, pour back into the freezer bowl and continue mixingfreezing until desired consistency is reached, checking every few minutes., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, well chilled, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, well chilled, 1 teaspoon mint extract or peppermint extract or spearmint extract, 4 to 5 drops green or pink food coloring], title: Mint Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 3088: {instructions: Preheat frying oil in a deepfryer or 8inch deep saucepan to 375 degrees F.nBring a saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil and cook the whole cauliflower until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well and break into small florets.nPlace the meat, onion, cinnamon, parsley, tabil, salt, and pepper in a food processor, in batches if necessary, and process until well blended. Remove to a bowl.nHave a bowl of water handy to keep your hands wet while making meatballs. Meatballs are formed by flattening a lemonsized portion of meat into a thin patty and wrapping the patty around a cauliflower floret to completely enclose. Form into an oval shape, then dip into the eggs and dredge in flour, tapping off any excess flour.nCook the meatballs in oil until golden, about 4 minutes, without crowding the fryer. Remove with a slotted spoon to paper toweling to drain.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan. Dissolve the tomato paste in the water, and add to the pan along with harisa and ground red chili. Add the meatballs and cook covered until most of the liquid evaporates, about 25 minutes. Add a little water to rehydrate sauce if it is dries out before that time. Serve meatballs covered with sauce., ingredients: [6 cups olive oil or vegetable oil, for frying, 1 mediumsized head cauliflower about 1 pound, 1 12 pounds ground beef, lamb, or veal, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 12 teaspoons tabil a Tunisian spice blend of coriander seed, caraway seed, garlic powder, cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs beaten, Allpurpose unbleached flour, as needed, for dredging, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons harisa Tunisian hot chili paste of guajillo chili peppers, garlic, oil, caraway, and coriander, 12 teaspoon ground red chili], title: CauliflowerStuffed Meatball Ragout in Spicy Tomato Sauce Tunisian Mubattan Bruklu, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 3089: {instructions: In a deep saucepan, heat enough oil to deep fry about halfway up the pot to 350 to 365 degrees F.nMix the ingredients together in a bowl with a wooden spoon in order until the batter is smooth.nUsing 2 teaspoons, scoop a spoonful of batter then push it off into the hot oil with the other spoon. They will sink then float to the top of the oil. Turn them occasionally to fry evenly on all sides.nDrain on paper towels and then dip in powdered sugar or roll at the table in cinnamon sugar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 6 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 2 12 cups flour, 1 heaping tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Ricotta Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 3090: {instructions: Saute onions, bell pepper, garlic, and jalapeno in oil in a 8quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add chili powder, cumin, and salt and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juice and zucchini and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Stir in beans and chocolate and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro., ingredients: [4 large onions 1 pound, coarsely chopped, 2 green bell peppers, cut into 12inch pieces, 6 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 fresh jalapeno chile, finely chopped including seeds, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt, 2 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, coarsely chopped, with juice, 4 zucchini, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 15ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped unsweetened chocolate, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Vegetable and Bean Chili, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 3091: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in onions and cook for 1 minute. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the vinegar and raisins and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the greens and toss to coat. Immediately transfer the greens to a large bowl and add the orange and bacon. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic or red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon raisins, 1 pound fresh kale, Swiss chard, spinach or beet greens, washed and rinsed and stems removed, 1 orange, peeled and coarsely chopped, 3 slices cooked bacon, crumbled optional], title: Wilted Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 3092: {instructions: Toss ingredients together and season to taste with salt and pepper serve with sandwich., ingredients: [1 small head fennel, cored and cut into thin slices, 13 cup sliced roasted red pepper, 1 green onion, thinly sliced, Black olives for garnishpitted and sliced, Vinaigrette mixed with either pesto or tapenade to echo flavor in sandwich], title: Fennel and Roasted Pepper Salad with Olives, picturelink: null}, 3093: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork, fat side up, in a roasting pan fitted with a rack insert. Place the salt, pepper, brown sugar, paprika, thyme leaves, garlic, vinegar, and cayenne in a food processor and pulse until well combined. Add extravirgin olive oil until you have a nice paste. Rub all over the pork, being sure to get into the nooks so the salt can penetrate the meat and pull out the moisture  this will help form a crust on the outside when cooked. Cover the pork with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.nAllow the meat to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRoast the pork for 3 12 hours, uncovered, until the outside is crispybrown it should look like mahogany. Let the meat rest on a cutting board for 10 minutes before slicing.nWhile the pork is cooking, prepare the slaw. Combine the mustard, mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, vinegar and sugar. Mix well and add finely sliced savoy cabbage, purple cabbage, green onions and carrots. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, cover with plastic wrap and set aside in the refrigerator until you are ready to serve.nTo serve, cut the brioche buns in half and pile up some sliced pork. Top with a large spoonful of coleslaw and place the top half of the bun on top. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 boneless pork shoulder about 4 to 412 pounds, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 14 cup paprika, 2 to 3 sprigs thyme, leaves only, 4 cloves garlic, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Scant 1 tablespoon cayenne, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 head savoy cabbage finely sliced, 12 head purple cabbage, finely sliced, 2 green onions, chopped, 2 carrots, sliced on mandoline, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 brioche hamburger buns, 14 bunch flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Pulled Pork Sandwich, picturelink: CSIV3GyDJTI6lsHyWCHG7qKEcXcWD6S}, 3094: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSaute the garlic, chiles, and bay leaves in the oil. Once the garlic is fragrant, add all the tomato products and simmer, stirring for about 45 minutes. Slice and roast the sausage for about 20 minutes. Drain the fat off.nAdd to the tomatoes, chicken stock, sausage, green peppers, and onions and simmer another 1 to 1 12 hours, add salt and pepper. The jambalaya is finished when it has thickened and turned brick color, without any more oil coming to the surface. At this point, cook a big pot of rice to mix with the sauce equal amounts of rice to the sauce and add any meats you want to the jambalaya sauce chicken pieces, shrimp, alligator, veal etc. Poach the meat in the sauce to cook it. Add scallions at the last minute for color.nTo make vegetarian jambalaya, smoke the tomatoes first, in a home smoker, or place them in the oven with a pie plate of smoking chips for a 12hour. This gives the sauce the same flavor as adding sausage. Then use vegetable stock instead of chicken stock and add any vegetables of your choice at the end., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon crushed red chile flakes, 4 bay leaves, 12 cup canola oil, 8 ounces tomato puree, 1 32ounce can tomatoes, diced in puree, 1 32ounce can tomatoes, diced, 1 pound andouille or other hot, smoked sausage, 1 quart chicken stock, 4 cups green peppers, diced, 4 cups yellow onions, diced, Cooked Rice, 1 pound chicken, boned and cubed, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 cup scallions, diced], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 3095: {instructions: Split the pears in half and cut out the core. Brush the flesh with 2 tablespoons olive oil and place face down on a hot grill. Wrap the garlic and shallots in an aluminum foil pouch, pour in 2 tablespoons olive oil along with a little bit of water to create steam and seal. Place the packets on the hot grill and roast until soft, about 15 minutes. In a saucepan, combine remaining oil, chicken broth, rosemary and vinegar. Add the grilled pears, roasted garlic and shallots to the saucepan. Cook until the mixture reduces by half. Transfer the sauce to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve with Leg of Lamb., ingredients: [4 red skinned Bartlett pears, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided, 6 garlic cloves, 2 shallots, 1 quart chicken broth, low sodium, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Roasted Pear Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3096: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Gently mound the meat mixture into a metal 9x5 loaf pan. Top loaf with 4 strips of bacon. Bake for 1 hour and 10 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let sit for 15 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Salt, Pepper, 2 teaspoon chili powder, optional, 34 cup ketchup or tomato sauce, 2 tablespoon mustard, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 slices bacon], title: Midwest Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 3097: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make mediumfirm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture.nDrop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 34inch diameter ice cream scoop, or 2 teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and serve., ingredients: [14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge egg whites at room temperature, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 3098: {instructions: Put the tea bags in an 8cup measuring cup or heat safe bowl. Boil the water, pour it over the tea bags, and allow to steep for at least 10 minutes. Allow to cool and remove tea bags.nIn a small saucepan combine the sugar and 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Cook briefly until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and add raspberries. Let come to room temperature.nCombine the tea and raspberry sugar syrup, to taste. Put ice into 4 12ounce glasses. To each squeeze in a wedge of lime, pour sugared tea over, and garnish with a sprig of mint.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [5 bags raspberry zinger tea, 6 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 12 pint raspberries, 1 lime, cut into wedges, Mint sprigs], title: Sweet Raspberry Lime Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 3099: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes into a large pot, cover them with cold water, and add a large pinch of salt. If theyre large, cut them in half. Bring to a boil and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain. Stick a fork into the potatoes, 1 at a time, lift them out of the colander and peel with a paring knife. Toss the potatoes into a bowl and roughly crush them. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil with the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts. Add the pearl onions, sugar, and lemon juice and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are browned, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the lemon slices, peas, and lemon zest and continue cooking until the peas are hot. Season with salt and pepper. Dump the vegetables over the potatoes in the bowl, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil add the parsley and dill and taste for salt and pepper. Scatter the watercress over the top, fold it in just until it wilts and call it a day., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds red bliss potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 10ounce box frozen pearl onions, defrosted, Pinch sugar, Splash freshly squeezed lemon juice, 5 slices lemon, 2 10ounce boxes frozen peas, defrosted, 1 lemon, zested, Kosher salt and freshlyground black pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 heaping tablespoons roughly chopped fresh dill, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed just above the rubber band], title: Smashed New Potatoes with Peas, Lemon, and Pearl Onions, picturelink: 1iF43Bk73ewqcKPeMmAlWuNYZIIJWOy}, 3100: {instructions: CHOCOLATE PECAN BROWNIE: Melt chocolate and let cool. Whip butter and add sugar, eggs, salt and vanilla extract. Mix well. Add melted chocolate and flour and mix well. Fold in pecans. Pour into greased 8 by 11 by 2inch pan and bake in a preheated 375 degree F oven for approximately 30 minutes. Turn out onto flat surface and cool.nCOFFEE ICE CREAM: Scald milk and cream. Add sugar and dissolve. In a separate bowl, beat eggs, vanilla and coffee reduction. Slowly add milk mixture to eggs, whipping continuously. Return to heat and cook for about 15 minutes over low heat, or until mixture coats a spoon. Stir constantly. Let cool overnight and freeze in ice cream freezer.nWHIPPED CREAM: Whip together in chilled mixing bowl until stiff. Top brownie with ice cream and freeze until set. Top with whipping cream and freeze. Cut into 6 to 8 equal portions and top with warm Hersheys syrup. Garnish with pecan pieces., ingredients: [4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 12 pound unsalted butter, soft, 2 cups sugar, 4 whole eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup flour, 1 cup pecan pieces, Hersheys syrup, 2 cups whole milk, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups sugar, 4 whole eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup coffee reduction 4 cups reduced to 14 cup, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons chocolate liqueur], title: Mississippi Mud Pie, picturelink: null}, 3101: {instructions: For each serving, place 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream into a glass. Pour the hot espresso over the ice cream and serve immediately before the ice cream melts., ingredients: [1 pint premium vanilla ice cream, 4 shots hot espresso, unsweetened], title: Gelato Affogato, picturelink: null}, 3102: {instructions: For the gingerbread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine baking sheets with parchment paper and lightly spray with nonstick baking spray.nWhisk together the flour, salt, baking soda, ground ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg in a small bowl and set aside.nCombine the butter, oil, and sugars in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat using the paddle attachment and until light and fluffy. Add the egg and fresh ginger and beat until combined.nCombine the molasses and buttermilk in a measuring glass. Add the flour mixture and buttermilkmolasses mixture alternately in 2 batches, starting and ending with the flour, and mix until just combined. Remove the bowl from the stand and fold in the crystallized ginger. Cover and refrigerate the batter for 20 minutes.nUsing a small ice cream scoop, scoop 6 mounds batter onto a baking sheet, spacing the mounds about 3 inches apart. Bake until the cakes just spring back when touched should be ever so slightly underbaked because the cakes will continue to bake on the hot baking sheets, about 10 minutes. Remove to a baking rack and let sit on the sheet pan for 5 minutes. Remove from the baking sheets and let cool completely on a baking rack, about 10 minutes.nFor the filling: Bring a medium pot with 1inch water and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat so that the water is at a bare simmer.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the egg whites, lemon juice, water, sugar, zest, cream of tartar and salt and whisk until combined and slightly foamy, about 1 minute.nPlace the bowl over the simmering water and stir with a rubber spatula until it reaches 160 degrees F, about 2 minutes. Remove the bowl from the water and place it on the mixer stand. Using the whisk attachment, beat the mixture at high speed until it forms, stiff peaks and is cool, about 7 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and beat for 10 seconds longer. Remove from the stand and gently fold in the lemon curd then molasses, leaving streaks of curd and molasses in the filling.nPlace a large dollop of the filling on the center of the flat side of half the cakes. Top with the flat side of the remaining cakes and gently press until the filling spreads to the edge of the cake.nCombine lemon juice, sugar and salt in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Whisk together the eggs in a small bowl and temper in the lemon juice. Return mixture to the pan and cook over medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens and coats the back for a spoon.nRemove from heat, whisk in the cold better and strain into a bowl. Stir in the zest, cover and refrigerate until firm and cold, about 2 hours., ingredients: [1 34 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup light brown muscovado sugar, 2 tablespoons dark brown muscovado sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons 3 ounces molasses, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons 3 ounces buttermilk, 3 tablespoons finely diced crystallized ginger, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cold water, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, Pinch cream of tartar, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup Lemon Curd, recipe follows, or prepared cold lemon curd, 2 tablespoons molasses, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 13 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon], title: Gingerbread Whoopie Pies with LemonMolasses Swirled Fluffy Frosting, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 3103: {instructions: Combine the peaches, sugar, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Set aside to macerate for 10 minutes. Transfer to a small pot and cook over low heat until the peaches are tender and a syrup has formed, 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature., ingredients: [1 peach, peeled, pitted, sliced into eighths, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Peach Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3104: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIf using uncooked dough, roll the dough out 14inch thin. Sprinkle with a small amount of salt and pepper and transfer to a baking screen. Precook the dough until crispy, 12 minutes.nTo build the pizza, drizzle the crust with the oil. Next, arrange the tomatoes to cover the dough, followed by the onions and cheese.nBake on the screen on the center rack until the cheese melts, 6 to 7 minutes. Let cool for 2 minutes, then slice and serve., ingredients: [1 ball pizza dough or prebaked thin 14inch flatbread or crust, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 16 to 28 Roma or beefsteak tomato slices, 1 14 cups thinly sliced red onion rounds, 1 cup shredded Parmesan], title: Tomato Onion Flatbread Pizza, picturelink: d20AN21B.GL3WgBeqpvZfTzUORE8F2}, 3105: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer and deepfat thermometernFor the remoulade: Combine the mayonnaise, Dijon, celery, onion, horseradish, ketchup, parsley, hot sauce, paprika, sugar, tomato paste, soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce in a medium bowl and stir to combine well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to assemble the sandwiches.nFor the sandwiches: Heat the oil in a deep fryer until it measures 375 degrees F on a deepfat thermometer. Combine the cornmeal, flour and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. In batches, dip the oysters in the egg mixture, shake off excess, then dip in the cornmeal mixture until coated completely. In batches, carefully drop the oysters into the hot oil and fry, turning once or twice, until golden and cooked through, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the oysters to a plate lined with paper towels to drain off the oil. Be sure to bring the oil back up to 375 degrees F for each batch.nRepeat the same steps for the shrimp, coating them in the egg and cornmeal mixture and frying them in batches until golden and cooked through, about 4 minutes.nTo make the sandwiches: Spread one side of each roll with some of the remoulade, top with 1 slice of bacon, then some of the oysters and shrimp. Squeeze lemon juice over the oysters and shrimp. Top with the pickles and lettuce. Sandwich with the remaining pieces of bread., ingredients: [1 12 cups mayonnaise, 34 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup minced celery, 12 cup minced onion, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sundried tomato paste, Dash of soy sauce, Dash of Worcestershire sauce, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 1 pound shucked oysters, 1 pound large gulf shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 French bread sandwich rolls, halved lengthwise, 4 slices applewoodsmoked bacon, cooked to just crispy, 2 lemon wedges, 8 pickle slices, 1 cup shredded lettuce], title: Seafood Po Boy with Umami Remoulade, picturelink: .uM0VKPHN3.LP8RtqRDBNzXGFSnqcWi}, 3106: {instructions: In a large pot, add the pork, stock or water, garlic and onions. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the meat falls off the bone, about 2 hours. Remove the pot from the heat. Take the pork from the pot and set aside to cool. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the bone and shred it with your hands. Strain the stock if desired and put back in the pot. Add the shredded meat. Meanwhile, in another saucepan, cook the hominy in salted boiling water until very tender, about 1 hour. Strain and add to the posole. In a bowl, rehydrate the chiles with a ladle of the hot braising liquid for 30 minutes until soft. Puree in a blender and add to the posole. Adjust the seasoning and serve with tortillas and little bowls of your choice of garnishes., ingredients: [One 2pound1 kg pork shoulder, 8 cups stock or water, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups750 ml dried whole yellow hominy, 6 dried ancho or guajillo chiles, Tortillas, Cabbage or iceberg lettuce, shredded, Onions, finely sliced], title: Sanjuanas Pozole Rich Corn and Pork Soup, picturelink: null}, 3107: {instructions: Heat the oil in large pan on high heat. Add the carrots, garlic, and ginger. Cook the mixture until tender, stirring quickly and then add the chicken, hoisin sauce, and soy sauce. Keep stirring for about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms, scallions, and broccoli. Cook the mixture about 2 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil blend, 12 cup sliced carrots, 2 teaspoons minced fresh garlic, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 cup cooked chicken, 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 bunch scallion, chopped, 12 cup chopped broccoli], title: 5050 Olive OilCoconut Oil Blend Healthy Chicken Stir Fry, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 3108: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 1 stick of the butter in a large skillet and saute the red and green peppers and onions until tender. Remove from heat and add the rest of the butter.nRefresh the frozen corn under cold running water and drain thoroughly. Mix pepper and mixture with corn, and place on a roasting tray place in the oven and roast until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve garnished with chopped parsley., ingredients: [16 tablespoons 2 sticks or 12 pound unsalted butter, cubed, divided, 3 red bell peppers, stems and seeds removed and diced, 3 green bell peppers, diced, 2 large white onions, diced, 2 pounds frozen corn, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Oven Roasted Corn, picturelink: BDa3mCFAPWQ5NmjCFhLi12Ahll9PowG}, 3109: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine potatoes, celery root and garlic cloves. Pour over enough water to cover and set pan over high heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium and simmer 10 minutes, until potatoes are forktender.nDrain and transfer potatoes, celery root and garlic to a large bowl. Add buttermilk and olive oil and mash until smooth or lumpy, whatever you like. Fold in chives. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes about 2 12 pounds, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 celery root about 12 pound, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Garlic and Celery Root Mashed Spuds, picturelink: zPdC0yR4MTO.z3LnpG1sKj0l1F.zTHy}, 3110: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, cook the garlic in the oil over low heat, stirring, until it begins to color, add the cucumbers, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the cucumbers are tender and wilted. Stir in the vinegar and the cream and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes, or until it is thickened slightly. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the dill and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cucumbers about 2 pounds, peeled, seeded, and cut into 2inch strips, 2 teaspoons whitewine vinegar, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons snipped fresh dill], title: Creamy Sauteed Cucumbers with Dill, picturelink: null}, 3111: {instructions: In a bowl combine the tomatoes, basil, parsley, red onion, salt, pepper, balsamic vinegar and about 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Allow the tomatoes to sit for 10 minutes so that the salt will leach out the juice of the tomatoes.nHeat a grill pan or outdoor grill to medium highhigh heat. Drizzle 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, on a plate. Place chops on plate and turn in extravirgin olive oil using tongs and season both sides liberally with salt and pepper. Once the grill pan or grill is screaming hot, add the chops and cook on the first side for 5 minutes. Resist the temptation to move the chops around, you want nice grill markings and a good crust on them. Before flipping the chops, reduce the heat to medium or move chops a little off to the side on an outdoor grill for more indirect heat. Flip and cook them on the second side for 7 to 8 minutes, remove the chops and let them rest covered with a tented piece of aluminum foil for about 5 minutes.nOnce the chops are cooked and rested, add the spinach and olives to the tomatoes and toss to coat. Serve the salad on or alongside the chops and spoon out some of the tomato balsamic juice from the bottom of the salad bowl to top each chop., ingredients: [4 vine ripe tomatoes, cut into 8 wedges, each wedge cut in 12, 12 cup, 10 leaves, fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 handful flat leaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 bonein rib veal chops about 1 to 1 12 inches thick, 1 pound fresh spinach, trimmed of thick stems and washed, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped], title: Grilled Veal Chops with Raw Sauce, picturelink: QtIH4AywckPqJ3e3tyvWj8iQaKrd6}, 3112: {instructions: Place the fish in a bowl with 3 tablespoons of the orange juice and 1 tablespoon of the lime juice. Set aside and let marinate for 1 hour. Remove fish from juices and place in a different bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and the remaining fresh orange and lime juice., ingredients: [1 cup thinly sliced whitefish cod, grouper, snapper, 12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon diced red onion, 1 tablespoon diced tomato, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions, 1 teaspoon diced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro], title: Ceviche de Pescado Blanco, picturelink: null}, 3113: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut each triangle of crescent roll dough into thirds lengthwise, making 3 small strips from each roll.nBrush the dough strips lightly with Dijon mustard. Put the mini hot dogs on 1 end of the dough and roll up.nArrange them, seam side down, on a greased cookie sheet. Brush with egg wash and sprinkle with poppy seeds or sesame seeds. Bake until golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm with the dipping sauce.nMix all of the ingredients in a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until serving. Can be made a day ahead., ingredients: [One 8ounce can original crescent dough, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 20 mini hot dogs or cocktail franks, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Poppy seeds or sesame seeds, Tangy Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard], title: Neelys Pigs in a Blanket, picturelink: UKfNr.J1g0cO.sJt.Q5gXPCpLwoZuEi}, 3114: {instructions: Put the water and beans in a large Dutch oven or a large pot and soak overnight. After soaking, youre ready for cooking.nRinse the beans and add fresh water. Add salt, pepper, and chili powder and bring to a boil uncovered. Reduce the heat to low and add chopped onions, tomatoes, bacon fat, and garlic. The beans need to cook very slowly for at least 8 hours with the cover on. You may need to add a little water at different times and you should stir once in a while., ingredients: [10 to 12 cups water, 6 cups pinto beans, Salt, Pepper, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 chopped onions, 1 28ounce can tomatoes, 2 tablespoons bacon fat, 14 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Covered Wagon Beans, picturelink: null}, 3115: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the clementine zest with 12 cup of water and 12 cup of sugar. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat until the sugar has dissolved, then turn off the heat and let cool.nCombine the juice from the clementines, the juice of 1 lime and the cooled simple syrup in a large pitcher. Stir to combine. Add tequila, if desired.nIn a resealable bag combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar with the food coloring. Shake and massage the bag to combine the food coloring with the sugar.nOn a flat plate, combine the colored sugar and salt and spread evenly across the plate. Dip the rims of 4 margarita glasses in water and then in the sugar mixture. Fill the glasses with ice and evenly distribute the margaritas among the glasses. Garnish with slices of lime and serve., ingredients: [6 clementines or 4 oranges, zested and juiced or 2 cups juice, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 limes, 1 juiced and 1 cut into slices, for garnish, 6 ounces tequila, optional, 4 drops yellow food coloring, 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Clementine Margarita, picturelink: null}, 3116: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 12 cupcapacity martini shaker.nIn a pitcher, combine the syrup, gin and lemon juice. Refrigerate for 2 hours. To serve, add ice and half of the gin mixture to a martini shaker. Add 2 tablespoons of blueberry jam. Shake well and pour into icefilled Collins glasses. Add a splash of club soda and garnish with fresh thyme sprigs. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nGently crush the thyme sprigs and put them in a small saucepan. Add the sugar and apple juice. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 30 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [1 13 cups applethyme simple syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup gin recommended: Bombay Sapphire, 14 cup fresh lemon juice about 1 large lemon, Ice, 14 cup blueberry jam, Club soda, chilled, Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish, 20 4inch long sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups 100 percent apple juice recommended: Martinellis], title: Blueberry and Thyme Collins, picturelink: null}, 3117: {instructions: Heat oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Alternatively, fill a large heavy pot almost halfway with oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nSpread 1 tablespoon of pate on each piece of toast. In a shallow bowl, mix enough salt and pepper into the cornmeal to flavor it. Roll the oysters in cornmeal until well covered. Lightly shake off the excess.nCarefully add breaded oysters to the hot oil and fry until crispy, about 30 to 40 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nPut 6 fried oysters on top of each piece of toast, and then top the oysters with Colbert Sauce. Garnish with a sprinkle of chopped parsley. Serve immediately.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, cook the sherry wine until reduced by half. Add hollandaise, followed by tomato sauce and Worcestershire. Add enough caramel food coloring until it becomes a deep chocolate shade. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve over fried oysters., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 6 tablespoons pate, 6 slices bread, crusts removed, toasted, Salt and pepper, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 3 dozen raw oysters, 3 cups Colbert Sauce, recipe follows, 1 ounce parsley leaves, chopped, 2 ounces 14 cup sherry wine, 8 ounces justmade hollandaise sauce, 1 ounce tomato sauce, 6 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Caramel food coloring, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Oyster Foch, picturelink: null}, 3118: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nMix water, applesauce, vanilla, egg and honey together. Combine flour, apple chips and baking powder. Add wet ingredients to dry and mix thoroughly, scraping sides and bottom to be sure no dry mixture is left.nPour into large muffin pans sprayed with vegetable spray. Bake at 350 degrees for approximately 1 to 1 14 hours, or until toothpick inserted in center comes out drynIn a small mixing bowl stir all ingredients together until smoothnIn a small mixing bowl stir all ingredients together until smooth, ingredients: [2 34 cups water, 14 cup applesauce, 18 teaspoon vanilla, 1 medium egg, 2 tablespoons honey, 4 cups whole wheat flour, 1 cup dried apple chips, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 ounces fat free cream cheese, 3 teaspoons carob powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 ounces fat free cream cheese, 1 teaspoon beet powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Apple Crunch Pupcakes, picturelink: null}, 3119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray the phyllo shells with cooking spray and sprinkle with 2 to 4 tablespoons sugar. Place the shells on a baking sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake until golden brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs, yolks and the 12 cup sugar in a bowl until thick and fluffy. Add the lemon zest and juice, and stir to combine.nAdd the egg mixture to a heavy saucepan heat over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Pour into a bowl set in an ice bath. Stir in the butter, one pat at a time, and continue stirring to cool down quickly or chill in the refrigerator until cool to the touch, about 5 minutes.nFill a pastry bag or heavyduty plastic bag with a corner snipped off with the lemon curd filling. Pipe the filling into the cooled tart shells, then freeze for 1 hour. Garnish with a small dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with turbinado sugar just before serving., ingredients: [15 frozen phyllo tart shells, such as Athens, thawed, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus for sprinkling, 2 large eggs plus 2 large yolks, 2 Meyer lemons, zested and juiced about 13 cup, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pats, Whipped cream, for garnish, Turbinado sugar, for garnish], title: Meyer Lemon ShakeUp Tarts, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 3120: {instructions: Heat 2 cloves garlic in oil over low heat in a small skillet. Char bread slices under hot broiler to brown on both sides. Dab charred bread with garlic oil using a pastry brush. Place reserved oil in a small bowl with chopped olives. Place garlic cloves on a cutting board and pile together with capers, red pepper flakes and rosemary leaves. Finely chop garlic and herb mixture. Combine garlicherb mixture with olives and oil in a small bowl. To assemble crostini, spread olive tapenade on toasts and enjoy, ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small loaf crusty bread, sliced, 14 pound Sicilian oilcured black, pitted and chopped, 14 pound green olives, pitted and chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped from stems], title: Olive Rosemary Crostini, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 3121: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and salt generously. Boil the pasta until al dente, tender but still slightly firm.nMeanwhile in a large skillet over medium heat melt the butter and whisk in the cream and nutmeg and bring just to a simmer. Lower the heat to keep the mixture just warm.nDrain the pasta in a colander and reserve some of the cooking water. Add the pasta to the cream mixture, toss with the cheese, and season with salt and pepper to taste. If the pasta mixture has become thick and tight, thin it with some of the reserved cooking water. Serve immediately in heated bowls., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound dry egg fettuccine, 13 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 pinches freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 3122: {instructions: Combine all the gingermustard glaze ingredients in a 1quart saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the glaze coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Strain through a sieve and reserve in a warm place until tuna burgers are cooked. Can be prepared up to 2 days in advance and stored, covered, in the refrigerator. Grind the tuna in a meat grinder or chop with a large sharp knife, to the texture of hamburger meat. Do not use a food processor, which will shred the tuna rather than chop it. Transfer the ground tuna to a bowl and combine with the garlic, mustard, cayenne, salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly. Divide the tuna into 4 equal portions. Using your hands, roll each part into a smooth ball and then flatten into a compact patty. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and sear the tuna burgers until browned and medium rare, 3 to 4 minutes a side. Serve each burger on a buttered toasted bun and spread with a tablespoon of warm glaze. Garnish the burgers with equal amounts of pickled ginger slices., ingredients: [13 cup teriyaki sauce, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 12 pounds yellowfin tuna, free of any skin or gristle, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 4 fresh hamburger buns with seeds, 14 cup Japanese pickled ginger, available in Japanese specialty shops optional], title: Yellowfin Tuna Burgers with GingerMustard Glaze, picturelink: null}, 3123: {instructions: Toss 1 chopped plum with 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch and 14 teaspoon each cinnamon and salt. Microwave 3 minutes, then stir and set aside. Puree 34 cup cottage cheese in a blender with 1 egg, 2 tablespoons sugar and 12 teaspoon vanilla. Spoon onto the center of 4 prepared 9inch crepes fold in the sides and roll up. Cook seamside down in a nonstick skillet with butter until golden on both sides. Dust with confectioners sugar. Stir 13 cup raspberries into the plum sauce spoon over the blintzes.nServes 4  Calories: 208 Total Fat 6 grams Saturated Fat: 3 grams Protein: 8 grams Total carbohydrates: 31 grams Sugar: 26 grams Fiber 1 grams Cholesterol: 71 milligrams Sodium: 363 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: PlumRaspberry Blintzes, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 3124: {instructions: Bring the Basic Bechamel Sauce to a simmer over low heat. Add the white wine and stir to combine. Stir in the mustard, paprika, and salt and pepper. Gradually add the cheeses, reserving about 14 cup of each cheese for the top of the casserole. Stir the sauce thoroughly between each addition of the cheese. Simmer until the cheese is well blended.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the elbow macaroni and cook to al dente. Drain.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large casserole dish or in numerous smaller dishes add a 12inch of the warm cheese sauce. Fill the casserole with the drained elbow macaroni. Top with another layer of cheese sauce, covering the macaroni completely and sprinkle with the reserved cheese. Bake the macaroni until the top is brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. Cooking time will vary depending on the size of the casserole dish. Remove from the oven and serve hot.nIn a small saucepan over low heat, add the onion and 12 cup of butter and saute until very soft, but do not brown. In another saucepan, scald the milk. Stir the sauteed onions into the milk along with the salt, pepper and nutmeg. Make a blonde roux by mixing the remaining 12 cup butter and the flour in a small bowl. Add the roux to the simmering milk and cook until the mixture coats the back of a spoon., ingredients: [Basic Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows, 2 ounces dry white wine, 1 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 to 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 4 cups 2 pounds shredded sharp Cheddar, divided aged no more than 30 days as a longer aged cheese can make your sauce oily, 1 cup 12 pound shredded Asiago, divided, 1 cup 14 pound grated Parmesan, divided, 8 cups 2 pounds elbow macaroni, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, room temperature, divided, 12 2 ounces medium onion, finely diced, 10 cups 2 12 quarts whole milk, 34 teaspoon iodized salt, 34 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Colorado River of Cheese and Macaroni, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 3125: {instructions: Warm the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, add the white wine, and simmer until reduced by 12, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the clams, cover, and cook until the shells open, 3 to 5 minutes. Discard any that do not open. Season with salt and pepper. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain, and toss immediately with the clams, their sauce, the chopped parsley, and the Calabrian peppers or pepper flakes. Garnish with parsley sprigs, and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 34 cup dry white wine such as Sauvignon Blanc, 3 pounds Manila clams or other small clams, cleaned and scrubbed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh linguine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus fresh flatleaf parsley sprigs, for garnish, 2 Calabrian peppers, minced, or a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes], title: Linguine with Clams, picturelink: null}, 3126: {instructions: For the grumble topping: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C. Butter an 8by8inch baking dish.nCream together the butter and brown sugar. Cut in the ground almonds and oats. You could add some cinnamon and ginger if you like, too, although I prefer it plain. Set aside.nFor the filling: Toss the fruit with the granulated sugar and flour and tumble into the baking dish.nSprinkle the crumble mixture evenly over the fruit and press to pack it down a bit. Bake until the fruit is soft and the top crisp, about 40 minutes. Let sit about 15 minutes before serving. If you like, serve with sweetened vanillaflavored whipped cream., ingredients: [34 cup170 g butter, plus more for pan, 1 cup225 g brown sugar, 1 12 cups200 g ground almonds, 1 cup110 g rolled oats, toasted, 4 cups blueberries, 14 cup55 g granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, Slightly sweetened vanillaflavored whipped cream, for serving, optional], title: Blueberry Grumble, picturelink: null}, 3127: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When heated add the garlic and onion and saute until golden brown. Add the potatoes, codfish and chopped egg and cook until heated through. Remove the pan from the heat and add the parsley and olives., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 medium red potatoes, cooked and dice, 10 ounces codfish, boiled and chopped, 1 hard boiled egg, chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 handful olives], title: Gomes, picturelink: null}, 3128: {instructions: This is quite possibly the easiest dessert to make. Simply stir your beer and brown sugar together in a highsided bowl and pour the mixture into an 8inch square baking dish. Let freeze for 1 hour, until you see ice crystals forming at the edge of the baking dish.nUsing a fork, mix the icy part of the granita into the rest of the beer mixture in the dish. Continue to do this every 45 minutes or so, until the dish has an Italian ice texture. This could take 3 to 4 hours.nTo serve, simply scoop into a cup., ingredients: [Two 12ounce bottles stout beer, such as Guinness, 23 cup packed dark brown sugar], title: Beer SnoCones AKA Granitas for GrownUps, picturelink: Fxkdfn6sWm8xMW21Gvxau2sTbs8cjLu}, 3129: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Refrigerate when not using., ingredients: [5 guajillo chiles, seeds and stems removed, chopped, 1 sweet onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 small can chopped tomatoes, 2 ounces white wine, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Guajillo Chile Lime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3130: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the baking mix, cornmeal, garlic powder, and cayenne. In another bowl, whisk together the egg and milk. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and whisk until blended.nIn a small bowl, stir together the mustard and preserves.nWhen you are ready to fry, insert a chopstick into the end of each hot dog and push about halfway into the meat. Reserve 2 hot dogs for the Online Round 2 Recipe Cheesy Hot Dog Scramble. Dust each hotdog with flour, dip into the batter, and carefully lower it into the hot oil. Fry 2 or 3 at a time until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on brown paper. Brush with the sweet mustard sauce and serve warm., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, for frying, 1 cup baking mix, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 large egg, 34 cup milk, 12 cup spicy brown mustard, 14 cup apricot preserves, 8 hot dogs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, for dusting, Special equipment: chopsticks, In a deep heavy pot or a deep fryer, add the oil and heat to 350 degrees F.], title: Corn Dogs with Sweet Mustard, picturelink: eo4rEu4UOOydFOSaKwRqpA0hUVvApvO}, 3131: {instructions: Heat the olive oil and cook the onions until golden, about 10 minutes if the onions stick, add some water Add the garlic, celery and celery salt and wine and cook until wine has almost entirely evaporated add the tomatoes and their juices and broth and simmer for 5 minutes to bring the flavors together and thicken slightly.nParboil the potatoes for 5 minutes drain and pat dry parboil celery root for 3 minutes drain and pat dry.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly oil a shallow wide baking dish gratin dish which will accommodate the 2 layers of potatoes and celery root.nSpread a third of the tomato mixture in the bottom of the dish and top with alternating slices of parboiled celery root and potatoes season carefully with salt and pepper. Top with tomato sauce, then layer potatoes and celery root and cover with sauce.nCover dish and bake for 45 minutes or until ingredients are completely tender. Serve hot, warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 4 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced, 4 medium size celery stalks, peeled and finely diced, 1 teaspoons celery salt, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken or vegetable broth, 1 can 28 ounces plum tomatoes, half of juices reserved and chopped, 2 pounds waxy potatoes, peeled and cut into 14 inch rounds, 2 pounds celery root, peeled, quartered and cut into pieces of same thickness as the potatoes keep cut celery root in acidulated water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Celery and Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 3132: {instructions: Combine the mustard, cheese spread and Worcestershire in a saucepot. Heat, whisking, until evenly combined. Serve warm, with pretzels., ingredients: [1 cup spicy brown mustard, 34 cup cheese spread, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Pretzels, for serving], title: Cheesy Mustard, picturelink: OBsPmGHAt7GPckC.AWnjNh9uwJ0ja5u}, 3133: {instructions: In a large pot with a steamer insert, bring salted water and a splash of beer to a boil. Steam broccoli until crisptender, about 4 minutes. Keep warm.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and cook onion and garlic until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in ricotta cheese, beer, and sour cream until smooth and heated through. Add salt and white pepper. Spoon the sauce over steamed broccoli. Garnish with chives and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 12 cup amber beer measure without foam, plus a splash for steaming, 14 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for steaming, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Steamed Broccoli with Ricotta, Beer and Chive Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3134: {instructions: Slice the surface of the ham about 1inch deep on the diagonal from left to right, spacing each slice about 1 12inches apart. Then go back and slice diagonally from right to left spacing each slice about 1 12 inches apart to form a diamond pattern. Put a whole clove in the center of each diamond.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the ham in a roasting pan fitted with a rack. Add the vegetable broth to the bottom of the roasting pan. Bake in the oven for 1 12 hours.nWhile the ham is cooking combine all the glaze ingredients in a pot, and reduce by half over mediumlow heat.nAfter 1 12 hours remove the ham from the oven and generously baste with the sweet mustard glaze. Return the ham to the oven and bake for an additional 30 minutes, basting with the remaining glaze every 10 minutes.nAfter the ham has cooked for 2 hours and has become golden brown and caramelized remove it from the oven, to a cutting board, cover with foil and allow it to rest for 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 6 to 8pound bonein smoked ham, Whole cloves, 1 15ounce can vegetable broth, 2 cups pineapple juice, 12 cup spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Roast Ham with Sweet Mustard Glaze, picturelink: null}, 3135: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saucepot over medium heat add the oil, rosemary, thyme sprigs, garlic, and a pinch of salt. Heat until the garlic begins to brown and thyme is crisp. Strain the oil and remove the thyme to a paper towellined plate. Discard the rosemary and garlic, but reserve the oil.nBrush one side of each piece of bread with the oil and place them oiledside up on a wire rack fitted inside a baking sheet with sides. On another wire rack place the strips of speck ham and brush the top of each with maple syrup. Bake in the oven until both the toast and ham are golden and crisp, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile make the eggs. In a nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add a few tablespoons of the reserved olive oil. Crack each egg over the pan and allow to fry until most of the whites are cooked, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and a grind or two of pepper, then lower the heat and cover until the top of the eggs are cooked, but the yolks are not, about 2 minutes more.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Spread a tablespoon of grape jelly on the oiled side of each piece of bread. Top with a few strips of folded over ham, an egg and a few sprigs of the reserved fried thyme. Garnish with the shredded Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [34 cup olive oil, 1 stalk fresh rosemary, 8 to 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 4 slices white bread, 4 eggs, 14 pound dry cured and smoked speck ham, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons grape jelly, 14 cup shredded Parmesan cheese], title: OpenFaced Breakfast Sandwich, picturelink: 32ypVexGCgC2BlhjT8ggFkdhtGGRHi}, 3136: {instructions: For the burgers: In a shallow baking dish, use a whisk to combine the lemon juice, olive oil, Worcestershire, thyme, and garlic powder. Place mushrooms in the marinade, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Turn over the mushrooms, cover again, and refrigerate at least another hour. Mushrooms can marinate for several hours.nFor the onions: In the meantime, make the onions. In a skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the water, cover, and reduce heat to low. Cook 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden brown. Remove the pan from the heat. Season the onions with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the aioli: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Refrigerate until serving time.nTo finish the burgers: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove mushrooms from marinade and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the mushrooms on a baking sheet, gill sides up. Bake for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and arrange cheese and caramelized onions on the gills of each mushroom and bake another 5 minutes, until the cheese is melted and bubbly. Place 1 mushroom on each muffin and garnish with aioli and arugula. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon 2 to 3 tablespoons, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 6 portobello mushrooms, wiped clean and stems removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices Muenster cheese or Swiss, white cheddar, provoloneyour choice, 6 Portuguese muffins or brioche hamburger buns, buttered and toasted, 1 12 cups loosely packed arugula, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium Vidalia onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup water, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons jarred chopped pimentos, drained, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Portobello Mushroom Cheeseburgers with Caramelized Onions and Pimento Aioli, picturelink: null}, 3137: {instructions: Make the brisket: Combine the chili powder, mustard powder, brown sugar, cayenne, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Rub on the brisket, cover and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the brisket from the refrigerator about 1 hour before cooking and let sit at room temperature. Soak a few handfuls of mesquite or hickory wood chips in water 30 minutes drain.nPreheat a grill to low, then prepare for indirect heat: For a gas grill, turn off the burners on one side put the wood chips in a smoker box and position under the grate over the heated burners. For a charcoal grill, push the coals to one side once the temperature registers 200 degrees F you should be able to hold your hand 5 inches from the coals for 6 seconds, scatter the wood chips on top. Position a drip pan under the grate on the cooler side of the grill.nPut the brisket fatside up on the grill above the drip pan. Cover and grill, undisturbed, until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 185 degrees F to 200 degrees F, 3 hours, 30 minutes to 5 hours. If using a charcoal grill, leave the vents nearly closed and scatter 6 to 8 unlit charcoal briquettes and a handful of prepared wood chips on top of the lit coals every 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the brisket from the grill, wrap in foil and let rest at least 30 minutes. Pour the drippings from the drip pan into a bowl and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the barbecue sauce: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the chili powder and cook, stirring, until brick red, about 30 seconds. Stir in 1 12 cups water, the vinegar, ketchup, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, mustard, allspice and 34 teaspoon black pepper. Bring to a low simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 45 to 55 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nWhisk the reserved drippings, then whisk 1 to 2 tablespoons into the barbecue sauce. Thinly slice the brisket against the grain. Serve with the barbecue sauce.nDry castiron pans thoroughly with paper towels after washing to keep them from rusting.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 pounds pointend brisket, preferably with 14inchthick fat cap, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 34 cup ketchup, 13 cup fresh lemon juice 2 to 3 lemons, 13 cup Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Freshly ground black pepper], title: SouthernStyle Brisket, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 3138: {instructions: Combine 14 cup juice with the sugar and 14 teaspoon salt in a small nonstick skillet. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture reduces slightly, about 5 minutes. Add the walnuts and continue to cook, stirring, until the nuts are coated and dark and the liquid evaporates in the skillet, about another 5 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet to cool. When cool, break apart with your hands.nMeanwhile, soak the red onion in ice water for about 10 minutes drain and pat dry. Place the baby spinach in a serving bowl and top with the onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and walnuts. In a bowl whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons juice with the vinegar, 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and then whisk in the oil. Drizzle over the salad and toss just before serving.nCalories: 140 Fat: 10 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 4 grams Carbohydrates: 12 grams Sugar: 6 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 300 milligrams, ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons pomegranate juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, One 5ounce container baby spinach, 4 ounces white button mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced, about 1 cup, 34 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon good quality extra virgin olive oil], title: Super Food Spinach Salad with PomegranateGlazed Walnuts, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 3139: {instructions: 1. Combine flour and baking soda in large bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons of the Fleischmanns add to flour mixture with milk, yogurt and Egg Beaters. Stir just until well blended.n2. Melt 12 tablespoon of the Fleischmanns in large nonstick skillet over medium high heat . Spoon a tablespoon of batter, for each pancake, into skillet. Makes about 6 pancakes per skillet. Cook until bubbly turn and cook until lightly browned on both sides. Repeat three more times with remaining Fleischmanns and batter. Serve hot., ingredients: [114 cups Eagle Millsu00ae AllPurpose Unbleached Flour with Ultragrainu00ae, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 4 tablespoons Fleischmannsu00ae Originalstick, divided, 12 cup fat free milk, 1 cup vanilla nonfat yogurt with lowcalorie sweetner, 12 cup Egg Beatersu00ae Original], title: Silver Dollar Pancakes, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 3140: {instructions: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the sausages with some of the canola oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and grill, with the cover closed, until golden brown, slightly charred and just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nWhile the sausages are grilling, halve the shallots, leaving the skin on, and toss with a few tablespoons each of the canola oil and balsamic vinegar. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put them on the grill and cook until charred and slightly softened. Cool slightly, remove the skins and chop.nHeat the remaining canola oil in a saute pan on the grates of the grill until it begins to shimmer. Add the chopped shallots, remaining vinegar, honey, thyme and red pepper flakes and simmer, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the parsley.nArrange the cut sausage on a platter with a bowl of the fresh ricotta, the shallot relish and toasted bread. Serve the bread topped with a dollop of the ricotta, a few pieces of sausage and a spoonful of the relish, drizzled with honey and olive oil. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound Italian sweet sausage links, 12 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 large shallots, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, plus more for drizzling, 2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 cups fresh ricotta, 2 baguettes, grilled, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Grilled Sausages with Grilled Shallot Relish with Fresh Ricotta and Toasted Baguette, picturelink: vbQg6rBk13DGZ9HLyCGa7SHs2r4Cfq.}, 3141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange meats and cheeses on cutting board. Pile olives, giardiniera, artichokes and red peppers into small bowls and set along edge of board or serving tray. Place knives near cheeses and seafood forks in olives and veggies to serve. Place an extra ramekin out to collect pits from olives., ingredients: [1 pound fresh smoked or plain fresh mozzarella, 12 pound deli sliced sweet sopressata, 12 pound deli sliced hot sopressata, 12 pound deli sliced Genoa salami, 1 pound sharp provolone, 2 cups good quality large olives, available in bulk bins near deli, 2 cups giardiniera hot pickled vegetable salad, drained, 2 cups marinated artichoke hearts, 1 16ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and cut into pieces], title: Antipasto Platter, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 3142: {instructions: In a saucepan heat the chocolate and milk on low, stirring until its melted. Add the sugar, corn syrup and salt and heat to the softball stage 236 degrees F.nAdd the butter and pour off into a mixer bowl to cool. Add the vanilla and beat with a paddle until it starts to lighten then quickly add the nuts. Continue beating on low until it loses its gloss and thickens. Pour into a greased 9 by 9inch pan and spread evenly. Let cool then cut into 1inch cubes., ingredients: [4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 14 cups milk, 3 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped walnuts, optional], title: Creamy Rich Walnut Fudge, picturelink: null}, 3143: {instructions: Add the barley to a large saucepan, cover with cold water, and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat, and then simmer for 45 minutes, or until the barley is tender. Rinse the grains under cold running water, drain well and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the zucchinis, potatoes, garlic and chard and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more until the greens have wilted.nPour in the stock and water and bring everything to the boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes. Add in the Cannellini beans and simmer for another 20 minutes. Return the barley, green beans and peas, and simmer for a final 5 to 10 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Season with salt and pepper, and grate the Parmesan over the dish before serving., ingredients: [12 cup barley, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 zucchinis, diced, 2 red potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 bunch Swiss chard, finely shredded about 1 34 pounds, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 4 cups water, 1 14ounce can Cannellini beans, rinsed, 8 ounces green beans, tops removed and cut into short lengths, 12 cup fresh or frozen peas, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Parmesan cheese, for garnish], title: Barley, Bean and Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 3144: {instructions: Combine the chilies and vinegar in a small pot. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook covered 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Store in a jar in the refrigerator up to 3 months., ingredients: [6 dried chipotle chilies, stemmed, seeded, if desired, 2 cups red wine vinegar], title: Pickled ChipotlesChipotle Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 3145: {instructions: Add the saffron to 12 cup warm water and let it sit for 10 minutes to allow it to bloom.nHeat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in an 8 quart saute pan, brown the chorizo on all sides and remove to a utility platter. Brown the chicken pieces and remove to the same platter.nAdd the onion to the pan and saute until translucent, then add the garlic and gently cook until softened, monitoring to make sure it doesnt burn. Add the white wine and allow most of it to evaporate. Stir in the paprika, parsley, 12 cup of bloomed saffron, and chicken stock, and bring to a gentle boil. Return the chorizo and chicken to the pan. Stir in the rice, salt and pepper and reduce heat to medium. Cook uncovered without stirring for about 20 minutes, then add the mussels and cover. Let cook until the mussels open, about 7 minutes, then remove them to a utility platter. Add the shrimp to the pot, cover, and cook until they turn pink and opaque, about 5 minutes, then remove the shrimp to a utility platter.nSpoon the paella into a large bowl and sprinkle with fresh cilantro. Arrange the shrimp and mussels on top., ingredients: [1 pinch saffron, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 pound chorizo sausage, cut on the diagonal into 1inch pieces, 1 pound boneless chicken parts, preferably skin, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large white onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 cups white rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 pound 21 to 25 size shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tails removed, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves], title: Paella, picturelink: null}, 3146: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Add the bay leaves, cumin, chili powder and allspice toast 1 to 2 minutes. Add the turkey, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook about 5 minutes, breaking up the meat.nAdd the tomato paste and stir until brick red, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 2 cups water, the raisins, olives and olive juice. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook over medium heat until thickened, about 15 minutes. Uncover and cook, stirring, 3 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nDrizzle the cut sides of the rolls with olive oil, place on a baking sheet and warm in the oven, about 5 minutes. Fill the rolls with the turkey mixture. Garnish with avocado, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 medium onion, diced, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 14 pounds ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 13 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped pimientostuffed olives, plus 2 tablespoons olive juice, 4 soft sesame buns or Portuguese rolls, split, Sliced avocado, for garnish optional], title: Turkey Picadillo Sandwiches, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 3147: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a small pot of water to a boil, over medium heat and add the potatoes. Season the water with salt, to taste, and cook until a knife inserted into the center of a potato meets some resistance, about 5 minutes. Drain well and put the potatoes onto a baking sheet lined with paper towels.nHeat the 2 tablespoons of unsalted butter and canola oil in a medium cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat until the butter begins to sizzle. Add the parboiled potatoes, season them with salt and black pepper, to taste, and the smoked paprika and fry until they are golden brown. Line the same baking sheet with clean paper towels and transfer the potatoes from the skillet with a slotted spoon to the sheet.nMelt some additional butter to a 6inch nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Season the beaten eggs with salt and black pepper, to taste, the fresh parsley and thyme leaves. Add 14 of the mixture, about 3 eggs, to the pan, and lightly scramble them using a fork. Spoon a line, along the center of the omelet with some of the piquillo peppers, Manchego cheese, soft goat cheese, if using, and the potatoes. Roll the finished omelet onto a serving platter and garnish it with some parsley and thyme sprigs., ingredients: [1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, half peeled, half skinon, small diced, Salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus some sprigs for garnish, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus some sprigs for garnish, 4 piquillo peppers, drained, patted dry and sliced, 1 cup coarsely grated Manchego cheese, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, optional], title: Spanish Tortilla Omelet, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 3148: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat 14 cup oil over medium heat. Add onion, pancetta, pressed garlic, and salt. Saute 2 minutes. Stir in pureed tomatoes, tomato puree, and basil. Bring to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes. Remove and discard onion halves. Place beef cutlets on work surface. Sprinkle each piece with, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 clove finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon parsley and 1 teaspoon cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Roll beef and tie with kitchen twine. Heat remaining 14 cup oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add cracked garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Place rolled beef, sausage, and spare ribs in skillet and cook until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add wine and cook for 2 minutes. Remove browned meat from pan and add to sauce along with meatballs. Add 2 cups water and return to a simmer. Cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Just before sauce is finished bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente according to package instructions. Drain and transfer to a large serving platter. Stir sauce to combine and ladle sauce over pasta. Serve meats on a separate platter. Sprinkle cheese over pasta and meats, and serve.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels set aside. In a large bowl, combine top sirloin, pork, veal, olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Add cheese, parsley, and eggs. Squeeze water from bread. Tear into small pieces and add to meat mixture. Add 34 cup bread crumbs stir to combine. With damp hands, form 14 cup of the mixture into a ball. Repeat with remaining mixture. Heat light olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is very hot, add meatballs in 1 layer. Cook until golden brown all over, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to prepared baking sheet to drain. Yield: 20 meatballs Prep Time: Cook Time: Inactive Prep Time:, ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, peeled and halved, 14 pound piece spiced pancetta, 10 cloves garlic 5 pressed, 2 finely chopped, 3 cracked, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 35ounce cans plum tomatoes, pureed in a blender, 1 28ounce can tomato puree, 6 large fresh basil leaves, 2 medium lean beef cutlets about 9 ounces each, 1 tablespoon flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano, plus more for garnish, 4 to 5 links sweet pork sausage with fennel about 34 pound, 4 pork spare ribs about 34 pound, 12 cup white wine, Meatballs, recipe follows, 1 pound pasta, such as ziti, penne or pennoni, 1 12 pounds ground top sirloin, 34 pound ground pork, 34 pound ground veal, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 slice Italian bread, soaked in water, 34 cup unseasoned dry bread crumbs, 12 cup light olive oil], title: Traditional Italian Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3149: {instructions: In a large pot, over medium heat, melt the vegetable shortening. Add the onions, shallots, and garlic and cook until they are soft but not browned.nLower the heat and add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, chopped mixed green and red peppers, parsley, wine, stock, and mushrooms.nBring a large pot of water to the boil. Add the carrots, zucchini, squash, and broccoli and cook until the vegetables are al dente. Add the mixed vegetables and spinach and heat through. Drain the vegetables and put them into an ice bath. When cool, drain well.nPut the vegetables back into the pot along with the creamed corn. Mix in the red pepper flakes, paprika, oregano, Cajun seasoning, and salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.nPlace 14 cup vegetable mixture on the middle of each empanada dough disk. Avoid reaching the edges with the filling because oiliness will prevent good sealing. Slightly wet the edges, fold in half, and stick edges together. The shape should resemble a halfmoon. Seal by pinching the edge between your thumb and index finger to make a curl about 5 or 6 times. Other sealing procedures like pinching without curling or using a fork to seal will not prevent the juices from leaking.nPlace the finished empanadas on the cookie sheet and brush them with the egg yolk. Cook until they are golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable shortening, 2 pounds onions, diced, 1 12 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 tablespoons chopped mixed green and red peppers, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chardonnay wine, 1 tablespoon vegetable stock, 4 ounces portobello mushrooms, chopped, 4 ounces carrots, diced, 4 ounces green zucchini, diced, 4 ounces yellow squash, diced, 8 ounces broccoli, diced, 8 ounces mixed vegetables, 8 ounces chopped fresh spinach, 8 ounces creamed corn, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, Salt and pepper, 12 Empanada dough disks, 2 large egg yolks, beaten], title: Veggie Empanada, picturelink: null}, 3150: {instructions: Measure the dry rice then rinse and drain it several times. Put it the rice, water, and salt in a medium pot. Cover, bring to a boil, and simmer until the rice is done and the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes or more.nFry the bacon until crispy in a 12inch skillet when the bacon is done, remove it from the pan, set aside, and crumble when cool. Add the oil to the bacon fat in the skillet and heat. Add the celery, bell pepper, and onion. Stirfry until the onions are clear then add the crab and cook until the crab begins to brown, another 5 to 10 minutes. Add the crumbled bacon, cooked rice, and garlic powder, along with salt and pepper to taste, and stir constantly until evenly combined. Cover the mixture and simmer for at least 10 minutes. If youd like a meatier mixture, just use more crab and less rice., ingredients: [1 12 cups uncooked rice, 2 14 cups warm water, Pinch salt, 2 strips bacon, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 to 2 pounds crabmeat lump or claw, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and black pepper], title: Ol Fuskie Fried Crab Rice, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 3151: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the butter, chipotle, lime zest and juice, and 1 teaspoon salt. Mash with a spoon until smooth. Mound the mixture onto a square of plastic wrap, form into a log shape about 6 inches long, and roll up in the plastic twist the ends of the plastic tightly to seal. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPrepare a grill for highheat cooking. Rub some oil onto the steaks and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Brush the grill grate with oil. Grill the steaks, turning once, until an instantread thermometer inserted horizontally in the meat but not touching the bone registers 130 degrees F for mediumrare, about 8 minutes per side. Transfer the steaks to a cutting board and allow to rest 10 minutes. Slice the steaks and divide among plates top each serving with a slice of the chipotle butter., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 chipotle chile from canned chipotles in adobo, minced, Finely grated zest and juice from 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for grilling, 2 Tbone steaks, each about 1 12 pounds and 1 12 to 2 inches thick], title: Grilled TBones with ChipotleLime Butter, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 3152: {instructions: In a blender, puree the strawberries with the water and the sugar. Taste and adjust the flavor with a few drops of the lemon juice or kirsch, if needed.nTransfer mixture to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [2 1pint baskets strawberries about 4 cups, rinsed, dried, and hulled, 34 cup water, 34 cup sugar, A few drops lemon juice or kirsch, optional], title: Strawberry Sherbet, picturelink: null}, 3153: {instructions: Combine mango, cilantro, jicama and green onions in a medium bowl.nMix together ponzu lime juice, brown sugar and cayenne pepper in a separate container, making sure the sugar is dissolved.nPour mixture over mango combination, toss to coat., ingredients: [2 cups mango, peeled, pitted and cut into 14inch pieces, 2 stalks green onion, chopped, 2 Tbsp. cilantro chopped, 12 cup jicama, diced, 3 Tbsp. Kikkoman Ponzu, 1 tsp. cayenne pepper, 2 Tbsp. brown sugar, 2 Tbsp. lime juice], title: Mango and Jicama Salsa, picturelink: 1rNfV1e0lkXPdQoEsB8cWvzdbnx9Ie}, 3154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the white wine vinegar, lime zest and juice to a small bowl. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add the thinly sliced red onion and let marinate for 5 to 10 minutes as you prepare the rest of the salad.nAdd the watermelon, feta, mint, and arugula to a large bowl. Toss with the vinaigrette and serve immediately after dressing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups seeded watermelon chunks, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup mint chiffonade, 2 cups baby arugula], title: Watermelon Salad, picturelink: E3Qusblbeouq8e8oEbQyLgFnaXC48q2}, 3155: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 metal skewersnPreheat your grill to direct mediumhigh heat.nIn a small bowl blend butter, chives, tarragon, minced garlic, hot sauce, and black pepper with a rubber spatula. Blend thoroughly. Cover with plastic wrap and reserve.nUsing kitchen shears, butterfly the lobster tails straight down the middle of the softer underside of the shell. Cut the meat down the center without cutting all the way through. Insert a metal skewer down the lobster tail so the tail stands straight. Brush the tails with olive oil and season with salt, to taste.nGrill lobsters cut side down over medium high heat about 5 minutes, until the shells are bright in color. Turn the tails over and spoon a generous tablespoon of herbed butter onto the butterflied meat. Grill for another 4 minutes, or until the lobster meat is an opaque white color.nRemove lobster tails from the grill and serve with more herb butter and lemon wedges. Garnish with chive sprigs., ingredients: [1 stick salted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, Dash hot sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 7ounce lobster tails, Olive oil, Kosher salt, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Chive sprigs], title: Grilled Lobster Tails with Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 3156: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrain sweet potatoes of their juice. Place sweet potatoes in an 11cup food processor. Add the rest of the ingredients, except heavy cream, to food processor. Process mixture until smooth. Using a pastry brush, brush heavy cream over the surface of the frozen pie shell. Spoon sweet potato mixture into pie crust smoothing the top over. Stop here and look below if using pecan topping. Place on baking sheet and bake in the middle lower third of the oven for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool in the refrigerator for several hours or overnight.nIn a medium saucepan place all ingredients over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook, stirring constantly for 8 minutes. Remove from heat, allow to cool slightly but still warm and pliable.nAdd sweet potato filling to piecrust, spreading evenly over bottom of crust. Next, carefully spoon pecan mixture over sweet potato filling. Place on a sheet pan in the lower third of a 350 degree F oven and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from oven allow to cool in the refrigerator for several hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 40ounce can cut sweet potatoes in light syrup, 7 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zest grated, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 8 or 9inch frozen deepdish pie crust shell, 1 cup raw pecans, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup brown sugar, Pinch salt], title: Reggies Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: tuKAXPVJSGCLCkTrnXPxMz2rd6c2nz6}, 3157: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nPlace the chicken breasts on a baking sheet. Loosen the skin from the meat with your fingers, leaving one side attached.. Cut 12 thick slices of the Montrachet and place 2 slices plus a large basil leaf under the skin of each chicken breast. Rub each piece with olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Bake the breasts for 35 to 40 minutes, until just cooked through. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 whole 6 split chicken breasts, bonein, skinon, 12 ounces Montrachet goat cheese, with garlic and herbs, Fresh basil leaves, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken with Herbed Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 3158: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Peel the turnips and slice 18 inch thick use a mandoline if you have one. Whisk the cream, flour, 1 teaspoon thyme, the garlic, lemon zest, nutmeg, cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large, deep skillet. Add the turnips and bring to a simmer over medium heat cover and cook until the turnips are softened, about 3 minutes.nStir the turnipcream mixture and spread evenly in a 2quart baking dish. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until the turnips are very tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until the cream mixture is slightly thickened and the top is golden, about 10 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the topping: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the breadcrumbs, almonds and the remaining 1 teaspoon thyme and cook, stirring, until the breadcrumbs are toasted, about 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley and a pinch of salt. Remove the gratin from the oven and sprinkle with the breadcrumb topping.nPhotograph by Gentl and Hyers, ingredients: [2 pounds turnips about 5 medium, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Large pinch of ground cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Turnip Gratin With Almonds, picturelink: lZLJlqm30bOld0wIlYCQKMQRF8SaRm}, 3159: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernTo make the tomato sauce for serving, put the tomatoes in a blender. Add the chicken broth, garlic, onion and 1 teaspoon salt and blend until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the sauce to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nCarefully cut a lengthwise slit in each chile and scoop out the seeds. Stuff each with 2 to 3 strips of cheese depending on the size of the chile, enclosing them tightly.nPlace the flour on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the chiles in the flour mixture, shaking off the excess.nIn a large saucepan, heat the oil until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nUsing a handheld mixer, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Fold the beaten yolks into the egg whites, add 14 teaspoon salt and beat to stiff peaks.nHolding the chiles by the stem, dip them into the egg mixture to coat completely. Add to the oil and fry, turning occasionally, until golden brown all over, about 2 minutes per side. With a slotted spoon, transfer the chiles to paper towels to drain.nPlace the chiles on each of 6 plates. Spoon the sauce equally over the chiles and serve., ingredients: [One 15.5ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, drained, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 cloves garlic, 1 small white onion, cut into pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 poblano chiles, charred and peeled, seeds and stems left intact, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, cut into 3inchlong strips like steak fries, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups vegetable oil, 4 large eggs, separated, yolks beaten], title: Chiles Rellenos, picturelink: rqg8RsuMxPEOQIKHmzECOxkWFKwFr6q}, 3160: {instructions: Combine all the pork ingredients in a resealable plastic bag and marinate for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, for the salsa, whisk together the rice vinegar, olive oil, soy sauce and sesame oil in a medium bowl. Gently fold in the watermelon, cucumber and avocado. Refrigerate until chilled.nPreheat a grill to medium heat. Remove the pork from the marinade, pat dry and grill for 2 minutes on one side. Turn and grill 1 more minute remove from the heat and let rest 3 minutes before cutting into 12inch pieces.nFill the lettuce shells with pork, top with salsa and devournPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins about 2 pounds, silver skin trimmed, cut into 1inchthick slices, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon seeded and minced serrano chile, 2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 cup small about 14 inchwatermelon cubes, 14 English cucumber, seeded and cut into 14inch cubes, 1 Hass avocado, pitted, peeled and cut into 14inch cubes, 4 large, sturdy romaineheart, leaves, cut into 4inch lengths to resemble taco shells], title: Watermelon Pork Tacos in Lettuce Shells, picturelink: Tv6HOeMe4Jtr5dYuum4qUXLv8jWaPa}, 3161: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the oil ripples add the chicken and brown 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Add the onions, garlic, carrots, bay leaf and season with spices, salt and pepper, cook 5 to 6 minutes. Stir the fruits into the chicken and vegetables, add the zest of the lemon, olives and 2 12 cups of stock. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes more. Sprinkle with lemon juice and turn off heat. Remove bay leaf.nWhile chicken simmers, melt butter in a sauce pot over medium heat. Add nuts and lightly toast for a couple of minutes. Add 1 12 cups stock and bring up to a boil then stir in couscous. Cover and let stand 5 minutes.nServe chicken over couscous, or vice versa, and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, chopped into bitesized pieces, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon coriander, Pinch ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup chopped dried fruits  pick 1 or combine: figs, pitted dates, apricots, sultanas, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 34 cup pitted mixed olives, chopped, 4 cups chicken stock, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 14 cup slivered or sliced almonds, 1 12 cups couscous, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Middle Eastern Chicken Pot and ButterNut Couscous, picturelink: 0TqzLBkwBFcAGBj9G1lXJj9qzQLUK6}, 3162: {instructions: Position a shelf at the lowest position in the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nCut the backbone out the chickens with kitchen scissors and reserve for another use or discard. In a shallow dish combine the thyme, 9 cloves crushed garlic, lemon juice and 13 cup of extravirgin olive oil. Add the chickens and coat thoroughly in the mixture, cover and marinate in the refrigerator for up to 1 hour.nRemove the chicken from the marinade, discard marinade. Turn the birds breastside up and fold the wing tips back and under. Season both sides with some salt and pepper and the paprika. Place the chickens boneside up on a broiler pan and position the legs in the center. Roast in the oven until the chickens are 34 cooked about 140 to 150, about 25 to 30 minutes.nPut the whole grape tomatoes, scallions, garlic cloves, and basil leaves in a large bowl, drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Turn the vegetables until they are lightly coated. After the chickens have cooked for about 25 minutes, arrange the vegetables around them. Turn the oven to broil and broil until the vegetables are charred, about 10 to 15 minutes. An instantread thermometer should reach 170 degrees F. Transfer the chicken and vegetables to a cutting board. Pour off all except about 2 tablespoons of chicken fat from the pan and set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of cold water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the spaghetti, and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes.nDrain, reserving 12 to 34 cup of the pasta water and transfer the both to a serving bowl.nSqueeze the garlic cloves from their skins, and chop them up with the scallions, once chopped transfer to a bowl and add the charred grape tomatoes, stir to make a chunky relish.nOnce the chicken is cooked and resting, place the pan you broiled the chicken in on the cook top over medium heat. Add the red wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and the reserved pasta cooking water, bring up to a simmer scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the cooked spaghetti and chopped parsley, stir to coat and continue to cook for 1 minute. Transfer the spaghetti to a serving bowl.nCarve the chicken, top with some of the chunky relish and serve with some of the spaghetti on the side. Garnish with grated Parmesan, if using.nCopyright c 2005 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved.nFor cooking the chicken: ., ingredients: [2 small whole broiler chickens, about 2 to 2 12 pounds each, 4 sprigs thyme, 9 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon juiced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed, 10 whole garlic cloves, unpeeled, 5 to 10 leaves basil, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound spaghetti, 13 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 to 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional], title: Broiled Chicken with Tomato Relish and Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 3163: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until softened, about 1 minute. Add the green beans and salt and pepper to taste. Saute, stirring occasionally, until crisp tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and set aside.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat and add the cream, thyme, lemon juice and zest, and chicken broth. Bring to a simmer and let reduce by half, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the sour cream. Add salt and pepper to taste.nPour the dressing over the green beans to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 pounds green beans, trimmed, cut into 1 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Sauteed Green Beans with Creamy Lemon Dressing, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 3164: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Rub the olive paste on both sides of each chicken breast half.nCut the potatoes into 116thinch slices and thinly slice the tomatoes. Set 4 12inch squares of foil on the counter. Lightly oil the center of each piece of foil and spread some potato slices in the middle season them with salt and pepper. Cover the potatoes with a chicken breast half, then cover with more potato slices, salt and pepper and the tomato slices. Wrap the chicken airtight, in a deli sandwich wrap, and set the packages on a baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes.nWhen the chicken is done unwrap the packages carefully be careful the steam which will escape when you open the packages does not burn your hands. Transfer the chicken, potatoes, tomatoes and the natural juices to deep plates.nVariations: Instead of the potatoes spread 12 cup drained canned white beans, a couple of slivers of fresh garlic, a leaf or two of fresh sage and a teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil underneath the chicken. Top the chicken with the tomatoes. Or spread each chicken breast half with 1 teaspoon each of oriental sesame oil, soy sauce and rice vinegar. Top each chicken breast half with 12 cup sliced jicama 1 cup raw fresh spinach and 1 sliced scallion. Open and garnish with sesame seeds. Or, instead of the green olive paste and tomatoes, season each chicken breast half with barbecue sauce or ketchup and top with 12 cup of frozen corn kernels leave the potatoes in especially good for kids, ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, tenderloins removed, 3 tablespoons green or black olive paste, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 12 ounces new potatoes, washed, 2 ripe tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 small tomatoes, washed and cored and sliced], title: Chicken en Papilotte Many Ways, picturelink: null}, 3165: {instructions: Cut the Brie half into 6 small wedges, and freeze until completely frozen, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, tear the bread into small pieces, and put in a small bowl. Add the vinegar, toss and let sit until the bread is very soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a food processor. Add the parsley, olive oil, capers, whole cornichons, anchovy, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper, and process until a coarse paste. The salsa verde can be refrigerated for up to 1 day.nFill a small pot with about 2 inches of vegetable oil. Clip a deepfry thermometer onto the side, and bring the oil to 350 degrees F over mediumlow heat. Line a plate with paper towels.nMeanwhile, beat the egg in a small bowl. Put the breadcrumbs in another small bowl.nBread and fry the Brie in two batches: Dip the wedges in the egg, then roll in the breadcrumbs to cover. Repeat for a double breading make sure there are no bare spots where the cheese peeks through. Being careful of the hot oil, add half the breaded Brie and fry, turning as needed, until a deep golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon, and allow to drain on the paper towels. Repeat with the remaining Brie.nSpoon some of the salsa verde onto 6 small plates. Top each with a wedge of fried Brie, and garnish each with a cornichon half and parsley. Serve hot., ingredients: [Half a 7 to 8ounce round highquality Brie, preferably from France, 1 slice white bread, crust removed, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 12 cups loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 4 whole cornichons, plus 3 halved lengthwise for garnish, 1 anchovy fillet, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 large egg, 12 cup plain dry breadcrumbs], title: Fried Brie with Salsa Verde, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 3166: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Soak the onion in a bowl of cold water while you prepare the salad.nWorking in batches, cook the pancetta in a single layer in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to paper towels to drain reserve the drippings.nCombine 1 tablespoon each olive oil and pancetta drippings in a small bowl. Toss with the bread cubes on a baking sheet and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper spread in an even layer. Bake, stirring once, until lightly toasted, about 15 minutes.nDrain the onion and chop all but 6 slices pancetta. Add to a large bowl with the tomatoes, arugula, basil, olives, bread, vinegar and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Toss and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the salad among bowls. Top each with some ricotta salata and a piece of reserved pancetta.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 loaf crusty Italian bread, cut into 1inch cubes about 5 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds mixed heirloom tomatoes, cut into 1 14inch chunks, 3 cups baby arugula, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 ounces ricotta salata cheese, shaved], title: BLT Bread Salad, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}, 3167: {instructions: Trim and halve 2 artichokes. Season with salt place cutside down in a bowl with some lemon wedges and thyme sprigs. Pour in 13 cup each white wine and olive oil cover and microwave 20 minutes. Mix a bit of the cooking liquid with mayonnaise for a dipping sauce.nPhotograph By Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Steamed Artichokes, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 3168: {instructions: Preheat 2 cast iron pans. Coat the beef with oil then well in salt. Mix the peppercorns together and roll the beef in it. Coat well. When pans are screeching hot, place the beef in one and place the second pan on top, pressing down. This is called doing a Pittsburgh. When the top and bottom get blackened, remove and let rest 3 minutes before slicing into 18inch slices. Cut nori in half lengthwise. In a bowl, whisk together juice, soy and oil. Toss with spinach, reserve.nIn a small bowl, mix together wasabi and creme fraiche. Using wet hands, lightly pat rice on bottom half of nori, 14inch thick. Place 2 or 3 slices of beef on the rice. Place a small mound of salad diagonally across the rice from the top left corner to the bottom right. Drizzle with wasabi mixture on top of salad. Roll a cone by bringing the bottom left corner of the nori to half way up the right side edge then roll over. Moisten the top edge to glue. Repeat process.nServe on small bed of salad or eat on the go.nWash rice at least 3 times or until water is clear. Fill rice cooker or casserole with water to about 1inch over rice. I highly recommend a rice cooker more than 2 billion people use them in Asia for a reason. Slowly heat vinegar, mirin and sugar until very hot but not boiling. Fold in su vinegar and sugar with the hot rice, add enough so that the rice has a tartsweet taste. Rice should be shiny, not mushy. Carefully clean bowl with damp cloth, cover and let rest for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 8ounce fillet of beef tenderloin, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Coarse sea salt, 2 tablespoons coarse ground black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarse ground white peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarse ground green peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarse ground pink peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coarse ground Szechwan peppercorns, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon Japanese soy sauce, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 pound baby spinach leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly grated wasabi or wasabi paste, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche may substitute sour cream, Sushi Rice, recipe follows, Nori sheets, 4 cups sushi rice Calroseshort grain, Water, up to Mount Fuji, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup mirin, 12 cup sugar], title: Charred Beef and Spinach Hand Roll, picturelink: null}, 3169: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToast the bread in the toaster until light golden brown. Set aside.nFry the bacon until just barely crisp, and then drain on a paper towel. Set aside.nMix together 2 tablespoons of the mayonnaise with the basil pesto. In a separate bowl, mix an additional 2 tablespoons mayonnaise with the sundried tomato pesto.nTo make one sandwich: Spread 2 pieces of toast with basil pesto mayo. On one piece of bread, lay some roast beef on top of the pesto mayo, then top with a slice of cheese and some lettuce. On the other piece of bread, lay the slices of tomato on top of the pesto mayo. Top with some avocado and bacon. Lift the second slice of bread and place it, ingredientside down, on top of the first piece of bread.nFor the second layer: On the top of the top piece of bread, spread the sundried tomato mayo. Spread one side of the third piece of bread with sundried tomato mayo. Place ham, cheese, red onion and lettuce on top. Top with bacon slices.nPlace this piece of bread, ingredientside down, on top of the first piece of bread. Use a sharp knife to cut the sandwich in half on the diagonal then again in fourths. Use large toothpicks to secure if needed.nServe with chips, ingredients: [18 slices sandwich bread, 12 slices bacon, cut in half, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon prepared basil pesto, 1 tablespoon prepared sundried tomato pesto or just a couple of pureed sundried tomatoes, 1 pound shaved roast beef, 6 slices Cheddar sandwich slices, Green leaf lettuce, 3 large red tomatoes, sliced thick, Avocado slices, 1 pound shaved ham, 1 red onion, sliced very thin, Chips, for serving], title: Colossal Club Sandwiches, picturelink: sjCOaXZCHEW3OPM9BWwzV.sq5UeKO}, 3170: {instructions: Spread half of the chocolatehazelnut spread on 1 slice of bread, then spread the other half on a second slice. Lay a slice of the remaining bread on top of each to make 2 sandwiches. Cut each sandwich into 6 squares.nIn a large bowl, combine the halfandhalf, cinnamon and eggs and whisk until fully combined. Add the sandwich squares and toss them around gently in the liquid to fully coat each square.nDivide the sandwich squares between 2 microwavesafe mugs 6 squares in each, then divide the remaining liquid evenly between the mugs. Microwave on high until the bread pudding puffs up slightly and looks firmer, about 4 minutes. Caution, it will be extremely hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread, 4 slices white bread, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 large eggs], title: Microwave Bread Pudding, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 3171: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix egg yolks with 1 cup water. In a separate bowl, mix the bread crumbs and Italian seasoning. Set out the pasta sheets and brush both sides with the egg wash.nPlace the cheese sticks on the edge of the pasta sheets and roll 1 complete roll and cut, allowing enough excess, about 12inch of pasta on both ends of the cheese stick. Fold the ends of the pasta like a present and brush with egg wash. Dip the entire stick into the egg wash and roll in the bread crumbs.nIn a deep fryer or pan with a couple of inches of hot vegetable oil, add the sticks and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes,. Do not overcook or the cheese will spill out. Heat up the marinara or pizza sauce and serve on the side for dipping. Sprinkle Parmesan over the sauce and sticks., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Parmesan, 3 pounds partskim mozzarella block, 3 egg yolks, 5 cups bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 10 sheets fresh egg pasta 7by10 inches per sheet, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup favorite marinara or pizza sauce, Slice cheese into 12by12by6inch long cubes and set aside.], title: PastaRella Highlander Style, picturelink: null}, 3172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a smoker and hickory woodnFor the marinade: Whisk together the vinegar, curry powder, fish sauce, lime juice, soy sauce, brown sugar, palm sugar, Thai chilies, cilantro, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, salt, lemongrass, coriander, granulated sugar, star anise, garlic and kaffir lime leaves in a large container. Add the chicken wings and enough water to fully cover. Refrigerate overnight.nTransfer the chicken wings to hotel pans in a single layer skinside up, making sure to remove as many seeds or herbs from the marinade as possible. Refrigerate uncovered 1 to 3 hours so the chicken wings lightly dry and build a pellicle.nPrepare a smoker with hickory wood and heat it to 225 degrees F. Transfer the wings to the smoker and smoke until just barely cooked on the inside, 2 12 to 3 hours. Let cool.nFor the jerk sauce: Whisk together the lime juice, ground black pepper, cafe black pepper, curry powder, fish sauce and salt to taste in a small bowl.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deep fryer or pot. Place the wings in the oil skinside up, being careful not to overcrowd the pot. Cook until golden brown, then transfer to a drip tray, rack or paper towels.nBrush the jerk sauce on the wings while they are still hot. Serve on butcher paper with the cilantro and limes., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Jamaican yellow curry powder, 2 tablespoons Thai fish sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon palm sugar, 1 teaspoon dried Thai chilies, ground, 1 tablespoon cilantro, roughly chopped, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped lemongrass, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 12 tablespoon granulated sugar, 4 pieces star anise, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 kaffir lime leaves, chopped, 30 jumbo chicken wings, 12 cup lime juice, 12 cup ground black pepper, 12 cup cafe black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons Jamaican yellow curry powder, 12 tablespoon Thai fish sauce, Kosher salt, 1 gallon soy oil, Lime halves, for serving], title: Hickory Smoked Chicken Wings with Jerk Sauce and Lime, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 3173: {instructions: Prepare the watermelon rind by cutting it into 1inch squares and removing the green skin and all but a small amount of the red meat. Place the prepared watermelon in a large bowl and soak it overnight in brine made from the salt and 2 quarts of water. When ready to prepare, drain the watermelon, wash it with fresh water, and drain it again. Place the rind in a large nonreactive saucepan with water to cover, and simmer it until it is forktender. Place the remaining 2 cups of water and the remaining ingredients in another large nonreactive pan, bring them to a boil, and simmer them for 15 minutes or until you have a thin syrup. Drain the watermelon rind, add it to the syrup, and continue to simmer until the rind becomes translucent. Place the watermelon rind pieces in hot sterilized jars, cover them with the unstrained syrup, and seal them according to proper canning procedures. The pickles will keep for several months., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 cups sugar, 1 lemon, sliced thin, 2 sticks cinnamon, crushed, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 2 teaspoons cracked allspice, 9 cups cubed watermelon rind, 12 cup salt, 2 quarts plus 2 cups water, 1 34 cups cider vinegar], title: Watermelon Rind Pickle, picturelink: null}, 3174: {instructions: Combine the garlic, pepper, red onion, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl.nAdd the chickpeas, tomatoes, mint, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss in the lettuce., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, minced, 1 serrano pepper, seeded, ribs removed and finely diced, 12 small red onion, diced, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15.5ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 bunch mint, leaves roughly chopped, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped, 1 head butter lettuce, shredded], title: Spicy Chickpea Salad, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 3175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the leaves off the bottom 5 inches of each rosemary stick, leaving the wooden stalk exposed. Soak the rosemary sticks in water for 5 minutes.nIn the meantime, slice the zucchini crosswise into 14inch rounds and quarter each slice of bread.nAssemble the kebabs by alternating 1 or 2 slices of zucchini with a tomato on the stalk of the rosemary. When there is about an inch left of the stalk put a piece of bread on the end, spearing the crusty side of the bread. Wrap the leafy part of each stick with foil. Brush the vegetables and bread with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and grill until the vegetables are tender and the bread is toasted, turning once or twice, about 6 minutes.nRemove the foil and serve., ingredients: [8 large sticks rosemary, each 89 inches long, 2 small zucchini about 4 ounces each, 24 cherry tomatoes, 2 large slices crusty bread about 1 ounce each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Rosemary Vegetable Kebabs, picturelink: 98AAX3efRVuED8YUTj6vMPJiA1PlUu}, 3176: {instructions: I think simple recipes are the best way to start out the meal. Melted cheese, in any form, is something that everyone loves. I find these sandwiches only make people want to eat more afterwardsnIn a small bowl, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the pressed garlic. Stir to blend.nPut 4 slices of the bread on a flat surface. Dry any moisture off the mozzarella cheese and put 4 slices on 4 pieces of bread. Sprinkle with aleppo pepper and drizzle with the garlic and oil mixture. Sprinkle with sea salt and pepper, to taste. Flake the thyme off the stems and onto the cheese. Do the same with the rosemary, but more sparingly.nCover the cheese with the remaining 4 slices of bread and cut each sandwich in half and in half again, to make 4 individual pieces. Arrange them in a single layer on a small baking sheet or large plate and cover them with baking sheet or plate to weigh them down. Refrigerate the sandwiches overnight. This will make them flatter and better integrate the flavors.nThe next day, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over low heat. When the olive oil begins to smoke lightly, add the sandwiches and cook them on 1 side until brown. Turn and cook until brown on the other side. Cook in batches, if necessary. Transfer to a serving platter and season with salt. Top with the pickled scallions and serve immediately.nThe acidity of the vinegar and the oniony bite of the scallion make this a brightening element for my cheese sandwiches. I avoid salt and pepper to keep the focus on the acidity of the scallion.nPut the scallions on a cutting board and, using a sharp knife, slice them into thin rounds from the white part all the way through the green part.nAdd the scallions to a small bowl with the red wine vinegar and the olive oil. Toss to combine and set aside for 1 to 2 hours to allow the vinegar to work its magic. The scallions can be covered and refrigerated overnight, if desired., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon aleppo pepper, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and pressed, 8 large slices sourdough rye bread, 16 ounces mozzarella cheese, cut into 16 slices, Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Pickled Scallions, recipe follows, 8 scallions, root ends trimmed, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Splash extravirgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon], title: Pressed Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 3177: {instructions: Spray a large saucepan or Dutch oven with a few sprays of the oil spray. Add onion and saute over mediumhigh heat until tender. Add chipotles, sausage, seasonings, beans, tomatoes, chocolate, and wine. Bring to a boil over high heat and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and let simmer for 30 to 40 minutes. Stir in cilantro and cheese just until cheese is melted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola oil spray, 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped, 3 to 4 canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, coarsely chopped, 2 turkey sausage links, sliced into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14ounce can pinto beans, undrained, 1 14ounce can kidney beans, undrained, 1 14ounce can Italianstyle diced tomatoes, undrained, 14 cup coarsely chopped Mexican chocolate, 2 cups merlot, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 cup shredded lowfat Cheddar], title: Turkey Sausage Chili, picturelink: FgXXG75b7fI5KtCR0YvkjyfQoGgyGCq}, 3178: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSkewer the hot dogs on the sticks. Make sure the sharp part of the skewers are not sticking out of the dogs. Prepare the corn batter according to the recipe on the box. Coat the dogs with the muffin mix and place on a nonstick baking sheet. Bake for about 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Allow to cool slightly before removing from the pan. Use a spatula to lift the corn dogs., ingredients: [25 2 packages mini hot dogs can be found in the hot dog section of the grocery store, 25 8inch wooden skewers to accommodate the hot dogs, 1 box corn muffin mix mix according to the directions], title: Corn Dogs, picturelink: null}, 3179: {instructions: Toss 2 pounds sweet potatoes cut into wedges with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons each brown sugar and salt, 14 teaspoon each cumin and chili powder, and a pinch of cayenne. Roast cutside down on a baking sheet in a 425 oven until crisp, 30 minutes, turning once.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 3180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSprinkle the chuck roast on all sides with a fair amount of salt. In a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot with a tightfitting cover, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the roast and brown it on all sides, taking the time to get a nice crust on the outside. Remove the roast and set aside.nAdd the onions and garlic cloves to the pot and cook until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the ancho powder, cumin and cayenne. Add the crushed tomatoes and the bay leaves, and stir. Return the roast to the pot and add the cilantro. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover with lid, place in the oven, and cook until the meat is fork tender, about 3 hours.nCarefully transfer the meat to a cutting board and shred with a knife. Pour the liquid into a blender and puree. Return the shredded meat to the pot, add the pureed liquid, and stir to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste.nTo assemble: Lay some shredded beef on a tortilla, and top with guacamole and salsa. Garnish with cilantro leaves, sliced radishes and cotija cheese.nPulse the tomatoes, garlic, red onions, serrano, lime juice, cilantro and some salt and pepper in a food processor. The mixture should be chunky. Add some reserved tomato juice if the salsa is too thick. Drizzle the salsa with olive oil, then cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to marry., ingredients: [One 4pound centercut boneless chuck roast, Kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, trimmed, peeled and thinly sliced, 7 whole cloves garlic, peeled, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 9 bay leaves, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, plus leaves for garnish, Twentyfour 6inch corn tortillas, toasted, 4 cups guacamole, 2 cups Simple Salsa, recipe follows, 1 cup thinly sliced radishes, 1 cup cotija cheese, crumbled, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes preferably San Marzano, drained, juice reserved, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 1 small red onion, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 serrano pepper, 2 limes, juiced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Pot Roast Tacos, picturelink: uvi4r9daKrvRByF0P1uZUhDT.3uKNaC}, 3181: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, scallions and herbs. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper to taste. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPut the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board and reserve the liquid. Bone and skin the chicken and cut the meat into 1 inch cubes. Discard the bones and skin.nStrain the broth and store, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days or freeze for later use. Remove any fat from the surface of the broth before using., ingredients: [4 cups diced poached chicken, recipe follows, 1 stalk celery, cut into 14inch dice, 4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or 14 cup sweet onion cut into 14inch dice, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, halved, 1 small carrot, halved, 1 stalk celery, halved, 3 pounds chicken breasts halves, on the bone and fat trimmed, 5 to 6 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned], title: Chicken Salad, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 3182: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chutney:nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the nectarines with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, cut side down until lightly golden brown, about 3 minutes. Turn the nectarines over and grill until just cooked through, about 2 minutes longer. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the chile, garlic, ginger and mustard seeds and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar and sugar and cook until the sugar dissolves and the mixture thickens slightly. Stir in the nectarines and cook for 1 minute, season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl, cool, and stir in the raisins, coconut and mint. Let cool to room temperature before serving.nFor the skewers:nHeat the grill to high. Combine the coriander, cumin, mustard seeds and black peppercorns in a small skillet on the grates of the grill and grill until lightly toasted, about 1 12 minutes, stirring a few times transfer to a coffee grinder and process until finely ground and place in a bowl. Add the ancho, turmeric, garlic, ginger, 14 cup canola oil and vinegar and whisk until it forms a paste. If the mixture is too dry, add a few tablespoons of water to loosen it to a paste.nPlace lamb in a large bowl, add the curry paste and toss to coat each piece of lamb. You can grill immediately or cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours to allow the flavors to intensify.nSkewer 2 pieces of lamb onto 2 skewers so that the meat lays flat on the grill. Season both sides of the lamb with salt and grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drizzle with olive oil and serve with pita bread and chutney., ingredients: [4 nectarines, halved and pitted, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated, 1 teaspoon whole mustard seeds, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons unsweetened coconut, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons brown mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons ancho chili powder, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1inch piece fresh ginger, finely grated, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 1inch dice, 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for 20 minutes, Kosher salt, Olive oil, for drizzling, 4 pita breads, with pockets], title: Indian Curry Lamb Skewers with MintGrilled Nectarine Chutney with Pita, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 3183: {instructions: Begin by making the salsa and gaucamole and set aside.nLightly spray a saute pan with vegetable spray and saute the onion for 5 minutes, stirring. Add the stock or water and bring to a simmer. Add the lentils and cumin and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 25 minutes or until the lentils are soft. Drain in a colander and allow to cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a separate saute pan over medium high heat, saute the portobellos, corn, and potatoes in the oil for 5 minutes. Add the spinach, garlic, oregano, and chili flakes and cook an additional 5 minutes. Fold the lentils together with the mushroom mix. The veggie mix should not be dry, but should be moist, but not too wet or they will make the tortilla soggy. Add the feta and fold in well.nOn the stove, heat a dry saute pan or frying pan over low heat and warm each tortilla. Cover the hot tortillas with a cloth napkin, tea towel or just place them in a plastic bag so they donu2019t dry out. Tortillas are easier to work with when they have been warmed. Place 2 tablespoons of the lentil veggie mix in the lower part of each tortilla and roll them up. Lightly spray an oven proof dish with vegetable spray and place the burritos seam side down. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake on the center rack in the preheated oven for 20 minutes or until the burritos are very hot. Serve with salsa and guacamole.nThree Chile Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows .nPea and Broccoli Guacamole Dip, recipe follows .nThree Chile Tomatillo Salsa:n1 chile de arboln2 ancho chiles, seeded and stemmedn1 California chile, seeded and stemmedn12 teaspoon olive oiln12 onion, choppedn10 tomatillos, husks removedn12 cup watern2 cloves garlicn2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leavesn14 teaspoon ground cuminnSaltnRinse and seed the chiles. Place the olive oil, onions and all of the chiles in a saucepan over medium heat to toast the chiles, about 2 to 3 minutes. Take the chiles out and add the tomatillos, water, and the garlic and cook 15 minutes, stirring.nPlace the cooked ingredients, plus the chiles, cilantro and cumin into a blender and pulse for 10 seconds until chunky. Season with salt, to taste.nPeas and Broccoli Guacamole Dip:n12 cup peas, thawedn12 cup broccoli stalks, peeled and cookedn1 avocado, peeled and seededn1 scallion, slicedn12 red onion, dicedn2 cloves fresh garlic, mincedn12 jalapeno, mincedn1 fresh lime, juicedn1 tomato, dicedn2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leavesnSaltnPlace the peas in a saucepan with 2 cups of water and simmer for 10 minutes or until soft. Drain the peas and set aside. Repeat with the broccoli spears. Cook until very tender, about 15 minutes. Set aside.nPeel and seed the avocado and place in the bowl of a food processor with the peas and broccoli stems. Pulse on and off until pureed. Transfer the pureed avocadopeabroccoli mix to a bowl and combine remaining ingredients. Season, to taste., ingredients: [12 onion, julienned, 4 cups vegetable stock, or water, 12 cup lentils, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces portobello mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 12 cup corn kernels, toasted, 2 red potatoes, diced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 cup fresh spinach, trimmed and washed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 teaspoon chili flakes, 12 cup feta cheese, 6 flour tortillas, warmed, 6 sprigs fresh cilantro, garnish, 6 radishes, washed and trimmed], title: Lentil and Feta Burrito with Peas and Broccoli Guacamole Dip and Three Chile Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3184: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350degrees F. Spray 9 by 13inch pan with nonstick spray and place 1 piece of parchment paper to line the bottom of the pan.nCream the butter and sugar in a mixer. Scrape down both sides. Then add the eggs 1 by 1. Add the salt and flour and mix until smooth. Remove the bowl from mixer and pour in cooled melted chocolate, mix well with a spatula. Add chopped chocolate last, fold quickly, then put in the prepared pan. Level out batter in pan. Place in preheated oven and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until skewer comes out clean. Cool completely before cutting., ingredients: [1 pound 1ounce chopped 70 percent bittersweet chocolate, melted and cooled slightly, 10 ounces finely chopped 70 percent bittersweet chocolate, 13 ounces soft butter, 1 pound 4 ounces granulated sugar, 6 extra large eggs, 8 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Satanic Fudge Brownies, picturelink: null}, 3185: {instructions: Gently toss together all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 cups finely diced tropical fruit such as mango and papaya, 14cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 14cup red onion, finely chopped, 1 fresh jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 2 Tbs. fresh lime juice], title: Tropical Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3186: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo prepare the cauliflower, pull and cut off the green leaves. Cut the head in half from the top to the bottom. Cut out the core, and then cut the top into smaller pieces leaving some stem attached. You want bitesized florets that look like little trees of cauliflower.nToss the cauliflower with olive oil and salt and place in the oven. Roast the cauliflower for 20 minutes.nWhile the cauliflower is roasting, puree the capers, garlic, vinegar, and parsley in a food processor. While the machine is running, drizzle in 14 cup olive oil. Taste and season with salt, if needed.nToss the roasted cauliflower with the vinaigrette and sprinkle with the raisins., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 14 cup capers, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 bunch fresh parsley, coarsely chopped, 14 cup golden raisins], title: Roasted Cauliflower with Caper Vinaigrette, picturelink: PlEpxGt4Z8H.CPK8zwFhZCMm85L3Ne}, 3187: {instructions: For the buttermilkrum caramel syrup: Combine the sugar, buttermilk, butter, corn syrup and baking soda in a medium saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until amber brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the rum, vanilla and sea salt. Transfer to a heatresistant bowl, cover and keep warm.nFor the gingerbread pumpkin waffles: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place a baking rack on top of a baking sheet.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, muscovado sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, nutmeg and salt. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, butter, pumpkin puree, sour cream and molasses until smooth. Add the wet ingredients to the bowl with the dry ingredients and whisk until the mixture is just combined. Fold in the candied ginger. Cover and let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.nPreheat a waffle iron and brush the grates liberally with butter. Fill the waffle wells and cook according to the manufactureru00bfs instructions until crisp and golden. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve. Repeat with more melted butter and the remaining batter. Serve with the buttermilkrum caramel syrup., ingredients: [1 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 2 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch sea salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light brown muscovado sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 4 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for buttering the waffle iron, 12 cup canned pumpkin puree not pumpkin pie filling, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons finely diced candied ginger], title: Gingerbread Pumpkin Waffles with ButtermilkRum Caramel Syrup, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 3188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 coupe or martini glassesnFill a cocktail shaker with ice and add the vodka, orange juice and Campari shake vigorously until very cold.nStrain the cocktail into 2 chilled coupe or martini glasses and garnish each with a lemon twist., ingredients: [4 ounces orange flavored vodka, 2 ounces fresh blood orange or regular orange juice, 1 12 ounces Campari, 2 lemon twists, for garnish], title: Icy Orange Cosmo, picturelink: jQVIFdcuESMLF5W6ThUvEdFGNHPhGHy}, 3189: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToast the muffin until golden brown. Top the bottom half of the muffin with the mozzarella and tomatoes, and then sprinkle with the Parmesan.nPlace the muffin on a baking sheet and bake until the mozzarella melts and the muffin is slightly golden, 7 to 8 minutes. Let it cool for a couple of minutes before serving. Place the basil leaf on top and close the sandwich. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 light, wholegrain English muffin, One 14inch slice fresh mozzarella 1 ounce, 1 plum tomato, sliced, 1 teaspoon grated Parmesan, 1 large fresh basil leaf], title: Margherita English Muffin Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 3190: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks and saute just until they start to turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute about 1 minute more. Add the carrots and celery and continue sauteing until the vegetables deepen in color but have not yet begun to brown, 3 to 4 minutes more. Pour the stock into the pan, bring it to a boil, and reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. Sprinkle in a generous pinch of salt.nTie the peppercorns, thyme, and parsley in a square of cheesecloth, securing it with kitchen string. Add this bouquet garni to the pan. Stir in the beans, zucchini, summer squash, and tomato. Continue simmering until the vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the Pistou: Put the garlic and tomatoes in a blender or food processor with about 3 tablespoons of the olive oil. Begin processing. With the machine running, add the basil leaves, and then pour in enough extravirgin olive oil to make a smooth, thick, but fluid paste. Transfer about 23 of the paste into a serving bowl to pass alongside the soup.nMake the Goat Cheese Croutons: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the bread slices with olive oil and arrange them on a baking sheet. Bake until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove them from the oven and turn on the broiler. Spread 1 side of each crouton with goat cheese and put it back on the baking sheet. Broil until the cheese is warm and slightly bubbly, about 3 minutes. Set aside.nWhen the soup is ready, stir the remaining pistou into the saucepan, ladling some of the hot broth into the blender or processor bowl to swirl and rinse any pesto clinging inside into the pan. Remove and discard the bouquet garni. Taste the soup and adjust the seasoning with a little more salt.nLadle the soup into individual heated serving bowls. Float a crouton in the center of each bowl. With a spoon, drizzle a little more pistou over the crouton and soup in each bowl. Serve immediately, passing more pistou alongside for each person to add, to taste., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 medium leeks, dark green parts trimmed and discarded, light green and white parts thoroughly washed and cut into 12inch dice, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 stalks celery, cut into 12inch dice, 8 cups chicken stock, Salt, 1 teaspoon whole black and white peppercorns, 4 small sprigs fresh thyme, 4 small sprigs fresh parsley, 12 green beans, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 medium zucchini, cut into 12inch dice, 2 medium yellow summer squash, cut into 12inch dice, 1 ripe tomato, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch dice, 6 medium garlic cloves, peeled, 6 ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 4 to 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 30 fresh basil leaves, washed and dried, 6 to 8 slices French bread, about 14inch thick, Olive oil, 6 to 8 ounces fresh creamy goat cheese], title: Provencal Vegetable Soup: Soupe au Pistou, picturelink: I5mHtgVvS1Tl8CxKTwA20O27qq4SfW}, 3191: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a deep skillet or a Dutch oven heat 2 tablespoons oil over high heat. Add meat and break up with a wooden spoon, season with salt and pepper and poultry seasoning.nPlace sweet potatoes in a pot, cover with water, cover pot, bring to a boil, add salt and cook 15 minutes until tender.nAdd onions, carrots and celery into the turkey. Stir, and cook for 5 minutes. While vegetables are cooking, heat 2 tablespoons butter in a small pot over medium heat. Add flour to melted butter and whisk 1 minute. Whisk in stock and season with salt, pepper and Worcestershire. Cook a few minutes to thicken.nStir peas into meat and turn heat off.nDrain potatoes and return pot to heat. Add remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and melt over medium heat. Peel and slice banana and add potatoes to the pot. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper and a few dashes hot sauce. Mash potatoes and banana to combine, adjust seasoning. Top the meat with the potatoes. Cover potatoes with cheese and place in the oven to melt cheese, about 5 minutes.nFor dessert, warm the apple and cranberry sauces in microwave or in a small pot over low heat and season with cinnamon and orange zest. Place a little cranapplesauce in the bottom of a sundae dish, top with 2 scoops ice cream, more sauce and whipped cream, garnish with chopped pecans., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground turkey or chopped leftover turkey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 onion, cut into 1inch dice, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups turkey or chicken stock recommended: Kitchen Basics, A few dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, 1 very ripe banana, A few dashes hot sauce, 2 cups sharp shredded yellow Cheddar, 1 12 cups all natural apple sauce, 12 cup good quality whole berry cranberry sauce recommended: Ocean Spray, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 pints French vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, 14 cup chopped toasted pecans, available on baking aisle], title: Turkey Sweet Potato Shepherds Pie and Cranapplesauce Sundaes, picturelink: fzwDgrfXxOrmcgD3pxe1YLnP.qEbS}, 3192: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except butter in a medium saucepan over high heat. When the mixture comes to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Strain the sauce through a fine  mesh strainer, return it to the saucepan, and stir in the butter. Set aside. If refrigerating the sauce overnight, gently reheat for 1 minute, whisk in 1 tablespoon cold water, and continue whisking over low heat until sauce is heated through. Do not boil.nPrepare the marinade by adding the allspice, nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves to a small skillet. Heat the spices over medium  low heat for 45 to 60 seconds, stirring frequently. Transfer to a coffee grinder and grind to a fine powder. Put the spice mixture and the remaining ingredients into a blender and puree into a thick paste. Store in a covered container and refrigerate for up to a week.nROASTEDGARLIC PUREE Preheat the oven to300 degrees.nPlace the garlic in a small ovenproof container and pour in the oil. Use additional oil if needed to completely immerse all the garlic cloves. Cover the container with aluminum foil and roast 1 hour, until garlic is soft and light golden brown.nStrain the garlic and place in a blender along with 2 tablespoons of the oil. Puree to a smooth consistency, adding a small amount of oil if necessary. Pour into a container and cover the top of the puree with a thin layer of the oil. Cover and store in the refrigerator.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl until thoroughly mixed. Store in an airtight container. The spice mix keeps its best flavor for about 2 months., ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon Jimmys Jamaican Jerk Marinade, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon Roasted Garlic Puree, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 14 teaspoon Spanish paprika, 14 teaspoon chile powder, 18 teaspoon Angel Dust Cajun Seasoning, recipe follows, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup sliced green onion, white and green parts, 1 tablespoon seeded, chopped habanero chile, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed Key lime, or regular lime juice, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 1 12 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 1 12 teaspoons cane syrup or light molasses, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 34 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon habanero hot pepper sauce, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup peeled garlic cloves, 1 cup extra virgin or regular olive oil, 3 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 1 12 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 5 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons dried thyme leaves, 1 14 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon onion powder], title: Jerk Cream, picturelink: null}, 3193: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and carrots and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Add half of the garlic and 1 teaspoon each Worcestershire sauce and sage cook 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, 3 cups water and the parmesan rind and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the pork, breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan, the remaining garlic and the remaining 1 teaspoon each Worcestershire sauce and sage in a bowl. Form into 1inch meatballs.nIncrease the heat to medium high and bring the soup to a boil. Stir in the orzo and cook 6 minutes. Add the meatballs and cook until they are firm and float to the top, about 4 more minutes. Stir in the spinach and cook until wilted, about 1 more minute. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with parmesan., ingredients: [2 slices stale white sandwich bread, crusts removed, 34 pounds ground turkey, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano, plus more for serving, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 rib celery, diced, 1 medium carrot, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 head escarole about 1 pound, coarsely chopped, 8 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 12 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Italian Wedding Soup, picturelink: null}, 3194: {instructions: Heat 1 cup water in a saucepan and stir in the sugar until dissolved. Let cool, and then add in the lemon juice and rinds. Taste and make adjustments as necessary with more sugar and lemon juice.nFreeze the lemon mixture in a metal bowl, stirring every 20 minutes, until the liquid has become granular but is still slightly slushy, 3 to 4 hours.nServe the granita immediately., ingredients: [13 cup superfine sugar, Juice of 3 large lemons, plus rind of 1 lemon, chopped], title: Lemon Granita, picturelink: null}, 3195: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix on low speed until the butter is the size of peas. With the mixer on low, add the halfandhalf and beat until just mixed. Add the chives and mix until just combined.nDump the dough out on a wellfloured board and knead lightly into a rectangle 34inch thick. Cut out rounds with a 2 12inch round cutter and place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Brush with the egg wash.nBake for 20 to 22 minutes, until the tops are browned and the insides are firm. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 pound 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 34 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup chopped fresh chives or fresh parsley leaves, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Chive Biscuits, picturelink: 5b7o4TXbUJMFscaVtZTTUqzn2CToG}, 3196: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Push garlic 3 to 4 slivers into the shoulder of lamb. Cover with sprigs of rosemary, salt and a little olive oil. Roast uncovered for 3 12 to 4 hours. Remove lamb and leave to rest. Drain off the excess fat. Over the heat, add the flour to the pan of juices and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add red wine or vegetable stock, stir until thick., ingredients: [4 pound lamb shoulder, Garlic cloves, sliced, Rosemary sprigs, Sea salt, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon flour, 12 bottle red wine or vegetable stock], title: ROASTED SHOULDER OF LAMB, picturelink: null}, 3197: {instructions: To make the trifle: Using an electric mixer, beat the mascarpone, melted chocolate, powdered sugar, and espresso powder in a large bowl until smooth and fluffy.nDivide half of the panettone cubes among 6 wine glasses or oldfashioned glasses. Sprinkle half of the coffee liqueur over the panettone. Top with half of the mascarpone mixture. Repeat layering with the remaining panettone, liqueur, and mascarpone mixture. The trifles can be prepared 1 day ahead, covered and refrigerated. Let come to room temperature before serving.nTo serve, sprinkle with the chocolate shavings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons espresso powder, 14 cup coffee liqueur, 12 ounces panettone, cubed, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Panettone Trifle, picturelink: null}, 3198: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the cauliflower and parsnips to a large pot of salted boiling water. Cook to soften, 4 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water in the sink.nAdd the butter to a large saucepan or braising pan over mediumhigh heat. Once the butter is foaming, add the shallots and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir in the flour and cook until pale blonde and pasty, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in the warm milk, making sure no lumps from the flour remain. The sauce should begin to thicken up as it begins to simmer. Once the sauce becomes thick, turn the heat to low, and add the Cheddar in handfuls. Stir until melted and season with hot sauce. Add the drained cauliflower and parsnips into the cheese sauce and stir to coat.nMix together the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, olive oil, parsley and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Top the casserole with the breadcrumb mixture. Bake until bubbling and golden, 20 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower about 2 14 pounds, trimmed into small bitesize florets, 1 large parsnip, sliced into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 shallot, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 to 2 12 cups whole milk, warmed, 1 cup grated extrasharp aged Cheddar 4 ounces, Dash of hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Cauliflower and Parsnip Gratin, picturelink: WCEGB0YdqHr4EtSGPYam5xhV1SwlC}, 3199: {instructions: Skewer the shrimp alternating with the pineapple, onion, and green pepper. In a small saucepan combine pineapple, lemon and lime juices with the ginger, jalapeno, soy sauce, honey and cilantro. Heat mixture over medium high heat and simmer until liquid is reduced by half. Brush or drizzle the kabobs with the pineapple glaze. Cook off in a hot cast iron grill pan or over an outdoor grill. Grill for 3 minutes per side and brush occasionally with the glaze. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 12 cups pineapple chunks, fresh or canned, 1 red onion, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch squares, 23 cup pineapple juice, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 8 wooden or metal skewers], title: Spicy Pineapple Glazed Shrimp Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 3200: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the scallion whites and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and chili powder and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is brick red, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the turkey and stir, breaking up the meat, until almost cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, beans and ketchup bring to a simmer and cook until the chili is slightly thickened but still soupy, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens and hot sauce.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs, then drain. Divide among bowls and top with the chili, cheese and sour cream.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 scallions, sliced, white and green parts separated, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 pound ground turkey, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons ketchup, Hot sauce, to taste, 8 ounces spaghetti, Shredded cheddar cheese and sour cream, for topping optional], title: Spaghetti With Quick Turkey Chili, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 3201: {instructions: In a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar, then pulse 3 times to incorporate. Add butter and pulse until ingredients look and feel like coarse meal. Now add water and pulse until a ball of dough is formed. Do not overmix. Turn dough out onto plastic wrap, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before rolling out., ingredients: [2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 pound unsalted butter, very cold and cut into pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 ounces cold iced water, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Pate Brisee, picturelink: null}, 3202: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. and lightly brush 2 shallow baking pans with oil. Separate garlic heads into cloves, discarding loose papery outer skin, but keeping skins on cloves intact, and wrap in foil. Seal tightly. Cut tomatoes into 12inchthick slices and arrange in one layer in baking pans. Sprinkle 2 teaspoons each of rosemary and thyme evenly over tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.nPut foil wrapped garlic in one of the pans with tomatoes. Roast garlic and tomatoes in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching positions of pans halfway through roasting, about 35 minutes total, or until garlic is tender and tomatoes are lightly charred. Unwrap garlic and cool slightly. Peel skins from each clove and force pulp with warm tomatoes and herbs through a food mill fitted with a small disk into a bowl.nFinely chop remaining rosemary and thyme and stir into sauce with orange juice. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: 3 cupsnIn a 2quart saucepan, stir together water, cornmeal and salt until there are no lumps. Bring to a boil over medium high heat, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to simmer cook stirring constantly, until polenta leaves a clean path when you scrape the bottom of the pan and your arms feel like theyre falling off, about 20 to 30 minutes.nAdd the butter, if desired, and stir until melted. Place in a lightly oiled loaf pan and cool thoroughly. Slice and top with tomato sauce to serve.nRecipe courtesy Dr. Paul Pechman ., ingredients: [Olive oil for brushing pans, 1 head garlic, 4 pounds vineripened red tomatoes about 10, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 2 12 cups water, 34 cup polenta yellow cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter optional], title: OvenRoasted Tomato Sauce Over Polenta, picturelink: null}, 3203: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together all ingredients except the sunflower seeds. Transfer mixture to an an ice cream machine, except for the sunflower seeds. Follow the ice cream machine manufacturers instructions for making ice cream. When the ice cream has the consistency of pudding and the machine is no longer churning, stir in the sunflower seeds. Freeze the ice cream until hardened, about 4 hours., ingredients: [2 14 cups sugar, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, beaten, 5 cups whole milk, 4 cups whipping cream, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, preferably bourbon Madagascar, 12 cup honey recommended: Dakotas Best, 23 cup honey roasted sunflower seeds recommended: Dakotas Best], title: South Dakota Honey Sunflower Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 3204: {instructions: Muddle the ginger slices in the bottom of a shaker glass. Add the remaining ingredients. Shake well for approximately 10 seconds then pour over ice. Garnish with a lime wheel., ingredients: [1 oz. vodka, 3 oz. carrot juice, freshly squeezed if possible, 1 oz. organic apple juice, 2 thin slices of fresh ginger See Cooks Note, Lime wheel garnish], title: Ginger and Carrot Cocktail, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 3205: {instructions: Place a large, heavy soup pot, over medium heat. Cook the sausage links with a small amount of water, covered, until the sausage has browned, about 10 minutes.nRemove sausages to a plate and let cool. Once cooled chop into pieces and then use a food processor to finely ground the sausage pieces. Brown the baconpancetta in the same pot as used for the sausage links, using a little olive oil if necessary. When the baconpancetta is browned, not crisped, add back to the pot the chopped sausage and ground beef, and cook until both have browned, about 15 minutes.nNext add the onions, celery, and garlic cook 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the stock and skim recommend use of a gravy separator to remove excess fat. Continue to cook at a simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a food processor, blend tomato sauce with 1 cup cannellini beans until smooth. Pour the mixture into the pot then add the remaining cannellini beans, kidney beans, tomatoes and herbs. After 5 minutes, add the pasta and simmer for 20 minutes.nAdd the orzo and carrots and simmer for an additional 10 minutes. Add more water or stock if necessary to produce a thick stew like consistency. Serve with grated Parmigiano and chopped basil., ingredients: [1 pound sweet Italian sausage, 14 pound bacon or pancetta, chopped, 1 pound ground beef, 2 onions, chopped fine, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped very fine, 4 cups chicken or turkey stock, homemade if available, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, Two 19ounce cans cannellini beans, well drained, divided, One 15ounce can red kidney beans, well drained, One 14ounce can tomatoes, seeded and chopped, liquid drained, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon dried ground thyme, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 1 12 cups 12 ounces ditalini or other tubular pasta, 1 cup cooked orzo, 1 carrot, shredded, Parmigiano, as a garnish, Chopped basil, as a garnish], title: Pasta e Fagioli al Tenore: Tenors Pasta and Beans, picturelink: null}, 3206: {instructions: Drizzle the beef with 4 to 5 tablespoons of the EVOO and season with a little salt. Place the beef in large Dutch oven with the stock and enough water to just cover. Add the onion, bay leaves and 2 cloves of the garlic. Bring to a low boil and simmer, partially covered, for 2 hours. Stir together the tomato paste and 14 cup of the cooking liquid, then add to the pot. Add the pepper and wine and cover. Cook on the stovetop at a gentle simmer until very tender and falling apart, 2 12 to 3 hours alternatively, transfer to the oven and roast at 325 degrees F. Cool and store. Reheat over medium heat or in a moderate oven.nTo serve, while the beef is reheating, boil the potatoes until tender and drain. Add the remaining 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil to a pot over medium heat. Add the remaining clove garlic, stir for minute, then remove the garlic. Add the potatoes and crisp a bit. Season with salt, pepper and the rosemary., ingredients: [7 to 8 tablespoons EVOO, 2 12 to 3 pounds stew beef, at room temperature, Salt, 1 quart beef stock, 1 onion, quartered, 2 bay leaves, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon coarse black pepper, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and sliced 12inch thick or cut into wedges, 2 to 3 tablespoons rosemary, finely chopped], title: Slow Simmered Beef with Potatoes, picturelink: dVQXkq1rOtHCyv6RLvmC8YT2QWA3znq}, 3207: {instructions: Heat clarified butter in medium pan. Add chicken, skin side down, and fry gently. Add onion, rosemary, juniper berries, salt and cayenne. Turn chicken, reduce heat, cover pan, and cook for 6 minutes.nHeat additional clarified butter in a separate pan on moderate heat. Add mushrooms, lemon juice, salt and cayenne. Saute for 2 minutes.nPlace ham slices on warmed serving dish. Cover with chicken. Remove rosemary and juniper berries from sauce and discard. Stir in apricots and brown sugar. Increase heat to high and add mushrooms. Add brandy and flame. Once flames die down, add stock.nRemove apricots and mushrooms and arrange them around chicken. Bring sauce to boil and reduce until thick. Strain over chicken to serve., ingredients: [4 whole brandied apricots, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons brandy, 14 cup chicken stock, Clarified butter, 1 whole large boneless chicken breast, skin on, 12 medium onion, thinly sliced, Sprig rosemary, 12 juniper berries, crushed, Salt, to taste, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 1 cup button mushrooms, Lemon, juiced, to taste, 2 14inch slices smoked ham], title: Chicken Gloria, picturelink: null}, 3208: {instructions: For the sweet potatoes: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the potatoes on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until tender when pierced with the point of a paring knife, about 1 hour.nCool the potatoes slightly. Peel the potatoes, discard the skins, and place them in a medium bowl. Mash with a potato masher or large fork until smooth. Stir in the eggs, milk, brown sugar, melted butter and vanilla until combined season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, for the topping: Combine the pecans, brown sugar, flour and butter in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Pulse until combined. Set aside.nTransfer the sweet potato mixture to a medium casserole dish and sprinkle with the topping. Place the casserole in the oven and bake until bubbly and browned on top, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 sweet potatoes, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup milk, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pecans, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: v0S6ygLagEB4tPGJiNN.qtoxNamht6e}, 3209: {instructions: Plum Sauce: Use side burner or grill. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add ginger, chile pepper, cinnamon and cloves and cook for 2 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and cook until plums are soft and mixture has thickened. Place mixture in a food processor and mix until smooth. Let cool.nPreheat grill. Season chicken with salt and pepper to taste. Grill, on 1 side for 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Turn the chicken over, brush with the sauce and continue grilling for 3 to 4 minutes, turn over and brush with sauce. Continue grilling and brushing with the sauce until the chicken is cooked through, approximately 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, coarsely chopped, 1 Thai chile, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 pounds red or purple plums, pitted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup honey, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 8 chicken thighs, skin on, bone in, Plum Sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spicy Plum Chicken Thighs, picturelink: null}, 3210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrate the potatoes and shallot using your food processor. Add to a colander and squeeze dry using a clean tea towel, making sure to get rid of all of the moisture. Place the potatoes and shallots in a bowl along with the cheese, flour, parsley, egg and some salt and pepper. Mix well.nHeat about 14 cup peanut oil in a large castiron skillet until hot. Scoop 14 cup potato mixture into the skillet and flatten with a spatula. Cook until golden and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes, and then flip and cook another 2 minutes. Remove to a papertowellined baking sheet to drain. Repeat in batches., ingredients: [1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed well and dried, 1 shallot, peeled, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Hash Brown Cakes, picturelink: aKpnpANpZpVWuTTFt87ujtt4p.vgO6}, 3211: {instructions: Heat grill to mediumhigh.nIn a cast iron skillet over the grill, combine the pitted cherries, sugar, red wine, and balsamic vinegar. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fruit is soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor and puree until completely smooth. Return the mixture to the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cherry liqueur and simmer until reduced to about 14 cup, 1 to 2 minutes.nCut the peaches in half and remove and discard the pits. Place the halves in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan set over low heat, melt the butter and brown sugar together. Coat the peaches with the butter mixture. Grill the peaches over direct medium heat until grill marks are clearly visible and the peaches are soft, 10 to 12 minutes, turning once halfway through grilling time. While the peaches are still warm, layer each serving glass with 2 peach halves, 1 scoop of ice cream, and 1 tablespoon of cherry sauce. Tuck a couple of benne wafers into each glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound Michigan cherries, pitted about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon cherry liqueur, 4 medium peaches, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup vanilla ice cream, optional, 4 benne wafers], title: Grilled SC Peaches with Fresh Michigan Cherry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3212: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the clams, wine, corn kernels and cobs, red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt cover, increase the heat to high and cook until the clams open, about 7 minutes. Discard the corn cobs and any unopened clams.nAdd the butter, lemon zest and pasta to the pot with the clams toss to coat, about 1 minute. Add some of the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen the sauce if the pasta seems dry. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve drizzled with olive oil.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces spaghettini, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 20 littleneck clams about 2 pounds, scrubbed, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 ears of corn, kernels removed, cobs reserved, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Spaghettini with Corn and Clams, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 3213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: Butchers twinenIn a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, Hawaiian salt, paprika, cumin, coriander and black pepper.nCut the pork into 4 equal portions, then tie each cut with some butchers twine. Lightly sprinkle each piece with 1 12 teaspoons of the spice mixture.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat 3 tablespoons canola oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Sear each cut of pork on all sides, then transfer them to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil to the same pot along with the onions, ginger, and garlic. Saute for 2 minutes. Pour in the pineapple juice and chicken stock and return the pork to the pot. Cover put the pot into the oven to braise until the pork is fork tender, about for 2 12 hours.nRemove the pork from the Dutch oven and arrange the pieces on a baking sheet. Sprinkle each piece with the remaining 12 teaspoon of the spice mixture and put them under a low broiler until their tops are brown and crisp but not burned, about 2 minutes. Transfer the pork to a serving platter and serve with a drizzle of braising liquid.nServe the pork with the Mashed Parsnips and Celery Root, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons red Hawaiian sea salt or kosher salt, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 pounds pork shoulder or Boston pork butt, 14 cup canola oil, divided, 1 onion, chopped, 1 3inch piece ginger, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup pineapple juice, 2 cups chicken stock or broth], title: Braised Hawaiian Pork Shoulder, picturelink: T3reanPI88r6Qs9vEHfcmoSfgLrciJi}, 3214: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, combine the pistachios, olives, capers, garlic, and herbs and puree. While the machine is running, slowly drizzle in olive oil until the mixture becomes a paste. Add the zest and pulse 1 more time, drizzling in more oil if necessary. Reserve until ready to use.nHave a butcher remove the 2nd and 7th rib bones from the 8 rib rack to make it a 6 rib rack. This will create 6 even chops that are thicker than a normal lamb chop. Cut into 6 even chops and season them generously with salt and allow them to sit for 10 to 15 minutes before cooking.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan generously with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add the lamb chops and cook for about 2 minutes on each side to brown. If the pan begins to smoke, lower the heat. The chops should be beautifully caramelized on both sides. Remove the chops to a sheet pan and schmear generously with the pistachio tapenade. Place in the oven and cook another 4 to 5 minutes for medium rare. Remove the chops from the oven and let them rest for at least 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup pistachios, shelled and toasted, 12 cup pitted cerignola olives, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, zested, 1 8rib rack of lamb, Kosher salt], title: Seared Rack of Lamb with Pistachio Tapenade, picturelink: s7v0LbOTCY.tK8Q7uoEcBUddSKLRl2}, 3215: {instructions: To make the shrimp salad: Toss the shrimp with 3 teaspoons 1 tablespoon of oil in a large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a heavy large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the shrimp until they are just cooked through or pink, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer the shrimp to a plate and toss with 1 teaspoon lime juice. Cool completely. Cut the shrimp into small cubes.nTo make the parsley sauce: Blend the parsley, sour cream, yogurt, and remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice in a food processor until the parsley is finely chopped. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper.nToss the shrimp with the chives, tarragon, capers, and remaining 2 teaspoons of oil in a large bowl to coat. Season the salad, to taste, with salt and pepper.nSeparate the endive leaves and arrange on a platter. Spoon about 1 generous tablespoon of the shrimp salad atop each leaf. Drizzle the parsley sauce over the salad and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ounces uncooked large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 5 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup lightly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup lowfat sour cream, 14 cup lowfat yogurt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 14 cup finely chopped fresh tarragon or 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 2 heads Belgian endive], title: Seared Shrimp in Endive Leaves with Parsley Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3216: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and garlic and cook 3 minutes, until soft. Add snap peas and carrots and cook 2 minutes. Add turkey and cook 1 minute, until golden brown on all sides.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together broth, vinegar, sugar, soy sauce, and pepper flakes. Add mixture to pan and bring to a simmer. Add rice and stir to combine. Remove from heat and stir in basil. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound sugar snap peas, 12 cup shredded carrots, 1 cooked turkey tenderloin, cubed about 2 to 3 cups, 34 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 14 cup rice vinegar regular or seasoned, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper or crushed hot chili flakes, 1 cup regular rice, cooked according to package directions, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Thai Turkey and Rice, picturelink: F0qDF39.d0Dn8ATTXLaozMJp..RUUsi}, 3217: {instructions: Season the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat 18 cup of the canola oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Dredge the steaks in flour, and shake to remove excess. Sear the steaks on both sides, remove from pan, and set aside on a utility platter. Add the other 18 cup of canola oil to the same pan and saute the onions and mushrooms until the onions become translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken or beef broth, porter beer, molasses, thyme, hot sauce and bay leaves to the onionmushroom mixture. Reduce the heat to low and return the steaks to the pan. Simmer covered for at least 2 hours. Rump steaks are a tough meat and will require slow cooking braising. You may wish transfer the ingredients to a crockpot for this process. When the steaks are fork tender, remove them to a platter in a warm place. The liquid in the pan should have evaporated to a large degree, intensifying the flavor. If necessary, increase the heat to reduce and thicken into a sauce. Whisk in the butter and creme fraiche or sour cream to finish the sauce, and spoon sauce over the steaks. Garnish with the fresh chopped chives., ingredients: [Six 8ounce rump steaks, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 2 large onions, sliced, 3 cups mushrooms, cleaned and sliced your choice of type of mushrooms, 4 cups chicken broth or beef broth, 8 ounces porter dark beer, 2 teaspoons dark molasses, 1 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme leaves, 3 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup 12 stick butter, cut into cubes, 5 ounces creme fraiche or sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Rump Steaks Braised with Mushrooms and Onions and Porter Sauce, picturelink: 6nAnZSsZeSF1mDnARVcRRUxpTHQkC}, 3218: {instructions: In a large skillet cook the onion, green pepper and pimiento in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened. Transfer vegetables to a bowl. In the skillet heat the remaining oil over moderately high heat until hot and add the potatoes. Saute, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tender and crisp. Stir in the vegetable mixture and correct seasoning. Heat over moderately low heat until hot and serve., ingredients: [23 cup minced onion, 13 cup minced green bell pepper, 13 cup drained and minced bottled pimiento, 13 to 12 cup olive or canola oil, 4 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: OBrien Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 3219: {instructions: Smash the garlic clove, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of salt and with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear to a coarse paste. Put the garlic paste in a large bowl and stir in the olive oil and lemon juice. Add the tomatoes, cucumber, pepperoncini, and dill and toss. Give a couple of generous grinds of black pepper. Toss again, and set aside.nPreheat a grill pan or nonstick skillet to medium high. Spray the chicken paillards lightly with the olive oil and season with salt and black pepper. Grill the chicken, in batches if necessary, to avoid crowding the pan, turning once, until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Place each paillard on a plate and serve topped with the tomatocucumber salad., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 lemon, juiced about 1 tablespoon, 1 cup pear tomatoes, sliced in rounds, 1 kirby cucumber, unpeeled, quartered lengthwise and sliced, 3 pepperoncini peppers, stemmed and minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 chicken paillards scaloppini, about 4 ounces each, Olive oil spray, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Chicken with TomatoCucumber Salad, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 3220: {instructions: If desired, place a sugar cube in the bottom of a Champagne flute. Pour the pomegranate juice over it, then the Cava. Drop a few pomegranate arils into the glass. Serve., ingredients: [1 sugar cube, optional, 1 fluid ounce pomegranate juice, 3 fluid ounces Cava sparkling wine, Pomegranate arils, optional], title: Cava Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 3221: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the roast on a flat surface and season all sides with salt and pepper. Combine the mustard and green peppercorns and the lemon juice and rub all over the beef. Place it on a roasting rack. Place the potatoes in the bottom of the roasting pan and season them with salt and pepper. Place the rack in the pan directly over the potatoes.nPlace the pan in the center of the oven and cook, undisturbed for 10 minutes. Lower the temperature of the oven to 350 degrees F. Count about 10 minutes for each pound then begin testing the internal temperature. The thermometer should read about 130 degrees F for medium rare. Remember that carry over cooking when the roast comes out of the oven and rests will mean the temperature will increase a few degrees after the roast is removed from the oven. If its undercooked, you can always cook it more, but if overcooked, there is no fixing itnRemove the roast beef and place it on a flat surface for carving. Transfer the potatoes to a serving platter. Serve the roast, whole on the platter to carve at the table. Alternatively, arrange slices of beef over the potatoes and coat with a layer of the pan sauce., ingredients: [1 large beef top round, about 8 to 10 pounds, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 4 ounces green peppercorns in brine, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 pounds small potatoes, washed and dried], title: Roast Beef with Potatoes and Green Peppercorns, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 3222: {instructions: Make creme caramel: Preheat oven to 225 degrees F. Spread strawberries on a baking sheet and bake in middle of oven 30 minutes to dry slightly. Transfer baking sheet to a rack to cool strawberries.nIncrease temperature to 350 degrees F.nIn a dry heavy saucepan cook granulated sugar over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a fork to help sugar melt evenly, until melted and pale golden. Cook caramel, without stirring, swirling pan, until deep golden. Immediately pour caramel into a 9inch glass pie plate, tilting plate to coat bottom and sides evenly. Put pie plate in a baking pan. In a saucepan heat cream just to a boil and remove pan from heat. In a bowl whisk together egg, yolks, vanilla, and a pinch of salt until combined well and in a stream add warm cream, whisking. Skim off any froth and carefully pour custard into pie plate. Arrange strawberries decoratively on their sides in custard custard should completely cover strawberries and add enough hot water to pan to reach halfway up side of plate. Bake creme caramel in middle of oven about 40 minutes, or until custard is just set but still trembles slightly custard will continue to set as it cools. Remove plate from pan and cool custard completely on a rack. Chill creme caramel, loosely covered with plastic wrap, at least 4 hours and up to 1 day.nMake crust: In a large bowl with fingertips or a pastry blender blend together flour, brown sugar, salt, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1 tablespoon ice water and toss mixture with a fork until incorporated. Add some or all of remaining ice water, 12 tablespoon at a time, tossing with fork to incorporate until mixture just begins to form a dough. On a work surface with heel of hand smear dough in 3 or 4 forward motions to help distribute butter. Form dough into a ball and flatten to form a disk. Chill dough, wrapped in plastic wrap, 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out dough into a 10inch round about 18 inch thick and transfer to a baking sheet. Using a 9inch plate as a guide, trim dough to a 9inch round. Prick round all over with a fork and chill 30 minutes. Bake round in middle of oven until golden, about 30 minutes, and cool completely on baking sheet on a rack.nJust before serving, assemble tart. Have ready a flat serving plate at least 10 inches in diameter with a slight lip. Run a thin knife around edge of creme caramel and rotate pie plate back and forth to make sure creme caramel is loosened. Slide crust on top of creme caramel and invert serving plate on top of crust. Invert tart onto serving plate caramel will run to edges of plate and garnish with strawberries., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole small strawberries about 30, trimmed, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 large whole egg, 3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened slightly, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons ice water, Small strawberries], title: Strawberry Creme Caramel Tart, picturelink: null}, 3223: {instructions: Warm the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season the chickenncutlets with salt and pepper. Cook the chicken until golden and cookednthrough, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to servingnplate and tent with foil to keep warm. Turn the heat to medium, add thenshallot and the garlic and cook until tender, about 2 minutes.nDeglaze the pan with the white wine. Using a wooden spoon, scrape all the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Cook until the wine is almost evaporated.nAdd the chicken broth and saffron threads, bring to a simmer and reduce for 10 minutes. Add the cream, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and simmer for 1 minute to blend the flavors. Pour the sauce over the chicken.nSprinkle with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound chicken cutlets scallopine, 2 shallots, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Chicken Scallopine with Saffron Cream Sauce, picturelink: ZbBGsjxvfe7ZYmz40GPpjVoDm7Bu}, 3224: {instructions: For the marinade: Bring the vinegar, garlic, sugar, salt, oregano, fennel seed, black pepper, and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Boil for 5 minutes. Let cool. Place the brisket in a large baking dish and cover with the marinade. Let rest, covered, overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the brisket: Smear with the tomato paste and place in a clean large baking dish. Cook, covered, for 5 hours. The meat should easily come apart. Cool.nSlice the brisket against the grain in 18inch thick slices. Reserve the jus separately. Keep the brisket slices warm in the jus.nRemove the insides of the rolls and smear with horseradish mayonnaise, to taste. Put 2 slices cheese, 2 to 3 roasted tomatoes, and a handful of pepperoncini on each roll. Place in the oven to crisp the rolls and melt the cheese. Meanwhile, cook the eggs to overeasy. Place 2 eggs on each roll. Top with about 4 ounces brisket and drizzle with some jus. Wrap and slice in half. Buen gustaionPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Combine all the ingredients and roast for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cups red wine vinegar, 14 cup minced garlic, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons fennel seed, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 to 15 pound brisket, 1 cup tomato paste, 8 seeded rolls, halved, Horseradish mayonnaise, for serving, 16 slices sharp provolone, 16 to 24 Roasted Tomatoes, recipe follows, Pepperoncini, for serving, 8 eggs, 2 Jersey tomatoes, cut into eights, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon oregano, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar], title: Paesano  Italian Beef Brisket with Fried Egg, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 3225: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the artichoke hearts and reduce the heat to medium high. Cook, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes, or until the hearts are beginning to brown. Remove to a plate and set aside.nTo the same pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the butter and the shallots and cook for 1 minute, stirring regularly. Add the rice and salt and stir with a wooden spoon to coat all the kernels with oil. Continue to cook for 3 minutes, or until the rice is sizzling. Add the wine and cook, stirring, until it is almost completely absorbed. Now begin adding the chicken broth, one cup at a time, stirring frequently between additions. After the first cup is almost entirely absorbed, add the next cup. Continue in this way until the rice is cooked through and you have a creamy risotto, about 20 minutes in all. The risotto should be slightly loose, not dry it should run off your spoon. If it gets too dry, add a bit more broth. Stir in the peas, feta, chives, mint and black pepper. Gently stir in the artichoke hearts and the lemon juice. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, One 9ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, cut into bitesize wedges, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large or 2 small shallots, minced, 1 cup Arborio rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup dry white wine, room temperature, 3 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, warmed, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese 3 ounces, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice from 12 small lemon], title: Artichoke Risotto, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 3226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter the sides and bottom of a 10inch springform pan and set aside.nIn the top of a double boiler, combine the butter, chocolate and coffee and melt slowly, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar and vanilla until frothy. Whisk the eggs into the melted chocolate until combined. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour and cool on a wire rack until it reaches room temperature.nRemove the sides of the pan, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight, before serving., ingredients: [1 pound unsalted butter, 1 pound high quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup coffee, brewed strong, 8 extralarge eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Dense Bittersweet Chocolate Cake, picturelink: W.PkDcaiyCt6XG2WfE.JCfyzc8VEIse}, 3227: {instructions: For the pork loin: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drizzle the oil over the pork and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Transfer the pork to a rack over a heavybottomed roasting pan. Roast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loin reads 140 degrees F, about 1 hour. Let the pork rest for 10 minutes, and then reserve 1 14 pounds for the sandwich. Slice 14inch thick. Reserve the remaining pork for another recipe. For the mojo spread: Add the mayonnaise, oil, cilantro, salt, garlic and lime juice to a bowl and stir until evenly combined and spreadable. For the sandwich: Heat a large, 12inch castiron skillet over medium heat. Spread the top half of each of the rolls with 2 tablespoons of the mojo spread and 2 teaspoons mustard. Layer the bottom half of the rolls with pork, seasoning it with a pinch of salt. Top with the ham, cheese and pickles. Place the top half of the roll over the bottom half. Brush the skillet with the butter, place 2 sandwiches in the skillet and brush the top half with butter. Place another castiron pan on top of the sandwiches with a heavy can to press down. Alternatively, you can use a panini press. Cook until the bread becomes golden brown on one side, and then flip and repeat on the other side, cooking for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Cook the remaining 2 sandwiches., ingredients: [One 2 12pound boneless pork loin roast, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lime, 4 Cuban or Portuguese rolls, split lengthwise, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Pinch salt, 4 ounces ham, thinly sliced, 4 ounces Swiss cheese, sliced, 2 large dill pickles, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: TpHgiSnfmZfaODCynSAXaPiFvv1DfW}, 3228: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer, cream the butter with the granulated sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, add the salt, the vanilla, and the egg yolks, and beat the mixture until it is smooth. Add the flour and beat the dough until it is just combined. Pack the dough into a cookie press fitted with the wreath disk and press cookies about 1inch apart onto cool, ungreased baking sheets.nBrush the cookies lightly with the egg wash, sprinkle them with the decorating sugar, and arrange the cherry slices decoratively on them. Bake the cookies in batches in the middle of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the edges are pale golden.nTransfer the cookies to racks and let them cool. Do not let the cookies cool on the sheets. The cookies may be made 2 months in advance and kept frozen in airtight containers., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large egg yolks, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, Egg wash, made by beating 1 egg white lightly with 2 teaspoons water, Green decorating sugar, Candied cherries, sliced thin], title: Spritz Christmas Wreath Cookies, picturelink: null}, 3229: {instructions: Preheat broiler to high. Place sausages on a broiler pan and cook 6 inches from heat source 15 minutes turning once.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn around the pan, and chopped bacon. Cook bacon 1 minute, then add chicken and pork and brown cubes on all sides, 3 minutes. Season meats with thyme, salt, and pepper, and add garlic, vegetables, and bay leaf to the pot. Cook 5 minutes stirring occasionally, then deglaze pan with the wine.nSlice sausages on an angle and add pieces to the pot on the stove. Stir in tomatoes and beans and heat them through. Adjust seasonings and remove pan from heat.nBroil the split baguette until golden. Rub bread with cracked garlic and drizzle with oil. Coarsely chop bread and scatter the chunks around the edge of the pan. Serve the cassoulet directly from the hot pot at the table.nPreparation time: 15 minutes Cooking time: 25 minutes, overlapping, ingredients: [1 pound sweet Italian sausage links brushed with extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn around the pan, 1 slice bacon, chopped, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bitesize chunks, 1 boneless 8 ounce pork loin chop, cut into bitesize chunks, 1 teaspoon ground thyme or poultry seasoning, Coarse salt and black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 medium carrot, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 rib celery, chopped, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes in puree, 2 cans cannellini beans, drained, 12 loaf crusty baguette, split lengthwise, 1 clove garlic, cracked, for garnish, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil], title: Rustic Meat and Bean Pot, picturelink: null}, 3230: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saute pan over medium heat add oil, heat and add onions and salt. Cook the onions until they are caramelized, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. Mix the rest of the ingredients, and then add the cooled onions. Refrigerate and stir again before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups diced onions, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups sour cream, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Onion Dip from Scratch, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 3231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 14 cup olive oil in a large, heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the squash. Season with some salt and pepper. Saute until slightly browned and softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the vegetable broth. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, covered, until cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with more salt and pepper, and set the squash aside to cool slightly.nMeanwhile, prepare the tangerines and vinaigrette. Peel 3 of the tangerines and slice them into 1inch rounds, removing any seeds. Place the sliced tangerines in a bowl. To make the vinaigrette, juice the remaining tangerine into a small mixing bowl. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the rosemary. Whisk until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a large serving bowl, add the mixed salad greens. Toss the salad with the vinaigrette until evenly coated. Top with the warm butternut squash. Arrange the sliced tangerines on top and sprinkle with the dried cranberries. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, One 2pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes about 5 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup vegetable broth, 4 tangerines, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, roughly chopped, 6 ounces mixed salad greens or spinach, rinsed and dried, 14 cup cranberries], title: Warm Butternut Squash Salad with TangerineRosemary Vinaigrette, picturelink: xHgpbyU6tbFyTULOEaIrA3iMid41mqi}, 3232: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a saucepan combine the pears, cranberries, maple syrup, orange juice, orange peel, cinnamon and nutmeg, bring to a boil and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until cranberries have popped. Stir in cornstarch mixture and simmer for 1 minute, or until thickened. Let cool. Transfer mixture to a buttered baking dish.nMake the dough: Into a bowl sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the butter and the shortening and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in the cream and form the dough into a ball.nOn a floured surface roll the dough into a round large enough to fit the dish, arrange it over the filling and crimp the edge decoratively. Brush the dough with the egg wash, cut steam vents in the center, and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [3 pears, such as Bartlett or Bosc, peeled, halved, cored, and cut into slices, 3 cups 12ounce bag cranberries, picked over and rinsed, 1 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 3 tablespoons water, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 stick 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 cup heavy cream, Egg wash made by beating 1 large egg with 1 teaspoon water], title: Maple Cranberry Pear Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 3233: {instructions: For the crumb topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans in an even layer onto a baking sheet and toast in the oven, stirring once, until lightly golden brown and just fragrant, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a baking rack and let cool slightly before coarsely chopping.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over high heat until it begins to turn light golden brown. Whisk in both of the sugars and cook until smooth. Take the pot off the heat and add the flour, cardamom, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg and mix until clumps begin to form. Refrigerate the crumb mixture for 15 minutes.nFor the cake: Heavily butter a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the melted butter, milk, canola oil, orange zest, vanilla and eggs. Add the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until just combined. Scrape the batter into the prepared baking pan, smoothing out the surface. Scatter the crumbs in large clumps over the cake the crumb layer should be quite deep.nBake until the crumbs are golden and firm and a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs, about 55 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nFor the glaze: Whisk together the sugar, butter, juice, zest and vanilla.nOnce the cake is cool, drizzle the glaze over it and cut into 9 pieces. Serve on a platter., ingredients: [1 12 cups pecans, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup light brown muscovado sugar, 12 cup pure cane granulated sugar, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups pure cane granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Orange Spiced Crumb Cake, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 3234: {instructions: Mix all the above ingredients in a pan and cook at medium heat for 30 minutes. This will be the sauce that is mopped on every few minutes during cooking., ingredients: [2 cans 12 ounces beer, no malt liquors or dark beers, 6 ounces yellow mustard, 8 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 12 ounces hickoryflavored barbecue sauce, 4 ounces honey, Pinch hot chile flakes, 4 ounces wine vinegar, 1 white onion chopped, 2 lemons, sliced], title: Austin, Texas Style Mop Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3235: {instructions: In a medium shallow bowl, whish together jelly, lime juice and olive oil. Add the melon and veggies and toss. Season salad with salt and pepper and serve with mint sprigs., ingredients: [12 cup mint jelly, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 melon, cantaloupe or honey dew, peeled, cut into 8ths and thinly sliced, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 12 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 12 medium red onion, thinly slicied, Salt and pepper, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Mint and Lime Melon Salad, picturelink: null}, 3236: {instructions: Coarsely grate 1 pound peeled celery root. Toss with 1 tablespoon salt and 2 tablespoons warm water in a colander let sit 20 minutes. Rinse and drain. Whisk the juice of 1 lemon and 14 cup each dijon mustard and sour cream in a bowl, then whisk in 14 cup olive oil. Add the celery root, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Chill. Add 14 cup chopped parsley before serving.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Celery Root Slaw, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 3237: {instructions: Take halibut fillets and, in a 6inch, ovensafe pan with olive oil, saute 1 side of halibut for 3 minutes over high heat. Remove and turn over halibut in pan. Place the pan with fish into a preheated 400degree oven and bake for six minutes. Remove from oven.nRoasted Pepper and Tomato Salad: Sweat diced onions in olive oil, add diced garlic. Add enough oil to cover the onions, then add tomato paste and cook for about 6 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour onion mixture over diced, roasted peppers and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and lemon juice. Mix well and let sit for 30 minutes. Let drain for one hour.nZucchini Puree: Cut green zucchini away from the center and dice. Triple blanch peeled garlic by boiling in water, then shocking in cold water and repeating this process 2 more times. Set aside. In a medium pan, add olive oil and zucchini, allowing time for zucchini to sweat. Then, add chicken stock, cover, and let simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Add triple blanched garlic and cream, cook further for 5 minutes. Blend in a blender, adding fresh spinach. Strain into a bowl resting in an ice bath and let cool immediately.nBasil Puree: 1 raw egg yolk 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar 5 large leaves basil 34 cup grapeseed oil Salt and pepper, to tastenBasil Puree: Place egg yolk with rice wine vinegar and basil in a blender. Blend adding grapeseed oil slowly until thick. Season with salt and pepper.nEggplant and Onions: 3 tablespoons honey 1 tablespoon thyme, chopped 1 eggplant 1 large Spanish onion, peelednEggplant and Onions: Mix the honey with the thyme and let stand 30 minutes. Slice eggplant about 1 to 1 12 inches thick. Rinse and dry. Sear on flat grill on both sides. Brush with thyme infused honey and bake in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Slice onion about 12inch thick. Sear on the grill, then roast in preheated 375degree oven for 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 6ounce Alaskan Halibut fillets, Olive oil, to saute, 1 medium onion, peeled and diced, Olive oil, to saute, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled and diced, 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled and diced, 2 Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup lemon juice, 3 zucchini, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, triple blanched, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup cream, 18 pound fresh, clean spinach about a handful], title: Slow Roasted Halibut with Deconstructed Ratatouille, picturelink: T8ljoTSHVbmKfbhV6c81kejpSEr5ZBW}, 3238: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a bowl and using your fingers, mix the flour and coconut oil together very well until the mixture feels crumbly. Add the milk and mix but dont overmix. Knead the dough just a couple of times, then roll it out to a thickness of 12 inch on a floured surface. Cut into 3inch rounds and put the rounds on a baking sheet.nBake for about 3 minutes, then liberally brush the biscuits with melted butter. Bake until golden, about 12 more minutes., ingredients: [2 cups selfrising flour, sifted, plus more for flouring work surface, 14 cup cold coconut oil refrigerate to solidify prior to measuring, 34 cup cold milk, Melted butter, for brushing], title: SouthernStyle Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 3239: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the potatoes with 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and coat with 12ounce of the oil. Roast the potatoes for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, the garlic powder and paprika. Sprinkle the seasoning on the chicken, then sear skinsidedown in a hot pan with 12ounce oil.nBrush the chicken with the BBQ sauce then roast skinsideup until the internal temperature of the breast is 160 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes. Rest the chicken for 5 minutes.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the broccoli until bright green and tender, 1 to 2 minutes, then shock in an ice bath to stop the cooking and preserve the vibrant color.nSaute the roasted potatoes with the broccoli in 12ounce oil, adding up to 1 12ounces more oil if needed, and season with some salt and pepper.nPour some BBQ sauce on the plate, then place the chicken on top and garnish with the sauteed potatoes and broccoli., ingredients: [3 ounces red bliss potatoes, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 chicken, 1 cup storebought BBQ sauce, such as Cattlemens, plus more if needed, 3 ounces broccoli florets], title: BBQ Chicken, picturelink: null}, 3240: {instructions: In a shallow pan combine all the courtbouillon ingredients and bring to a simmer. Place the walleye fillets in the pan, making sure the liquid covers them. Poach the fillets for 5 minutes, until firm to the touch. Remove the walleye from the pan, cover and refrigerate.nCombine the ingredients for the salad dressing. After the walleye has chilled, gently flake the fillets, checking again that all the bones are removed. Add the dressing to the walleye and mix. Be careful not to break up the walleye any more. Cover and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 pint water, 1 cup white wine, 2 whole bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 6 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stalk celery, 1 lemon, sliced, 2 8ounce walleye fillets, 12 cup fine diced celery, 1 tablespoon chopped dill, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Grilled Walleye Salad, picturelink: null}, 3241: {instructions: Prepare an ice bath with a large bowl filled with ice and a little water. Set aside.nSet up a double boiler with a heatproof bowl set on top of a 4quart pot with 1 to 2 inches of simmering water. The water should not touch the bottom of the bowl. Off of the heat, add the sugar and egg yolks and whisk together until they lighten. Whisk in the prosecco and rum, if using.nPut the bowl over the simmering pot and whisk constantly until the mixture thickens and becomes thick and frothy, 3 to 5 minutes. Youll know its done if it forms a ribbon figure 8 when drizzled back into the bowl. Remove from the heat and set in the ice bath to cool.nMeanwhile whip the cream to soft peaks and set aside. When the zabaglione is cooled, add a spoonful of the cream to the zabaglione to lighten it and stir with a whisk. Gently fold in the remaining cream in 2 intervals.nPut the halved strawberries into 4 dessert bowls. Spoon over the zabaglione and serve immediately., ingredients: [Ice, for chilling, 13 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, at room temperature, 23 cup prosecco, 3 tablespoons dark rum, optional, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 cups ripe strawberries, cleaned, hulled and halved], title: Zabaglione with Fresh Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 3242: {instructions: Pour pomegranate juice into Champagne flutes, dividing equally, and add chilled wine over the fruit juice., ingredients: [6 ounces pomegranate juice, chilled, 16 ounces Prosecco sparkling wine, chilled], title: Tintoretto, picturelink: null}, 3243: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, bring 3 quarts of the tap water to a boil over medium heat. Put the kosher salt in a large bowl and slowly and carefully pour the boiling water over the salt. Stir to blend.nAdd the molasses, honey, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, sage, thyme and garlic to the salt and water mixture. Stir to blend. Add the remaining 3 quarts of cool water. Add the ice to a cooler or bucket large enough to hold the brine and the turkey. Pour the brine over the ice and use a large whisk to blend all of the ingredients.nSubmerge the turkey, breast side down, in the brine. Make sure the cavity of the bird fills with the liquid as you are submerging it. Cover the cooler and allow the bird to sit in the brine overnight or for about 12 hours.nRemove the bird from the brine and dry it thoroughly with thick absorbent kitchen towels. Take care to wipe inside the cavity as well. Discard the brine. Whisk together the butter and the lemon zest. Gently lift the skin covering 1 breast of the turkey and spread half of the butter right on the meat under the skin. Repeat with the other breast. The butter will add extra moisture and richness as the bird roasts.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the turkey in a roasting pan fitted with a rack. Put on the lower rack of the oven and roast until the internal temperature of the turkey taken from the thickest part of the thigh reads 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 3 12 hours. Remove the turkey from the oven to a cutting board or serving platter and tent with foil. Allow to rest for 15 minutes before carving and serving., ingredients: [6 quarts tap water, 1 pound kosher salt, 1 cup molasses, 2 cups honey, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dried red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon dried sage, Large bunch fresh thyme, 2 heads garlic broken into individual cloves, unpeeled, 5 pounds ice cubes, 14 to 18pound turkey, cleaned, innards removed, 1 pound unsalted butter, softened, 2 lemons, zested], title: Thanksgiving Turkey Brine, picturelink: qCX2wHEZJOYaQyv1nvt2KOxZ7GeWaHO}, 3244: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the milk, evaporated milk and vanilla and warm up over a low heat.nCombine the cocoa powder, sugar, cornstarch and cinnamon in a small bowl. Whisk into the warm milk mixture, stirring frequently to prevent it from scorching.nRemove the hot chocolate from the heat just after it has come to a boil. The mixture should be suuuuuper rich and thicknCooks Note: For grownup kids, a shot of brandy, Kahlua, or peppermint schnapps is really yummy, ingredients: [3 cups milk, 1 cup evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch ground cinnamon], title: Super Thick Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 3245: {instructions: Dough: Combine the milk, yeast and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer and let rest for a few minutes to proof. Mix the eggs and salt into the yeast mixture. With a dough hook, blend in the flour. Then blend in the butter by the tablespoonful. With the dough hook, knead the dough for 7 minutes, or until springy and elastic. Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, covered with plastic wrap, and set aside in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 50 minutes.nFilling: Punch down the dough. On a lightly floured surface, roll it out into an 8 by18inch rectangle. Brush with the melted butter and sprinkle on the sugar and cinnamon. Starting at a long side, roll the dough up into a log. Slice into 12 1 12inchwide rolls.nTopping: Lightly butter the bottom of a 9 by 13inch baking pan. In a small saucepan, combine the butter and brown sugar and cook, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the mixture into the pan and sprinkle the pecan pieces over it.nLay rolls, cut side down, in the cake pan with the topping, squeezing them in if necessary. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 50 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees with the rack set in the middle.nBake the rolls for 30 to 35 minutes, or until golden brown. Carefully invert onto a serving platter and let cool for just a few minutes. Break into individual buns and serve warm, with the sticky topping, and ice cream., ingredients: [Sticky bun dough, recipe follows, Cinnamon filling, recipe follows, Sticky topping, recipe follows, 12 cup milk, lukewarm, 12ounce fresh yeast compressed or 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 14 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar, packed, 34 cup pecan pieces], title: Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 3246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan. Combine the biscotti, butter and sugar in a food processor. Blend until the mixture forms moist crumbs that stick together when pressed. Firmly press the crumbs into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake until golden and feels firm to the touch, about 15 minutes. Cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Spread the cherry preserves over the cooled crust leaving a 12 to 1inch border.nFor the filling: Place the chocolate chips in a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a medium saucepan over medium heat to just below a boil. Remove the pan from the heat and pour the cream over the chocolate chips. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the dried cherries and 12 cup of the pistachios. Pour the chocolate filling over the cherry preserves and sprinkle the remaining 14 cup pistachios on top. Refrigerate for at least 5 hours or preferably overnight.nLoosen the tart from the sides of the pan by running a thin metal spatula around the edge. Unmold the tart and transfer to a serving plate. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt flakes, if using. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 12inch pieces, plus more for greasing pan, Eight 4 12inchlong plain or almond biscotti cookies, coarsely broken about 5 12 ounces, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup cherry preserves or jam, such as Bonne Maman, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghiradelli, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup dried cherries, 34 cup chopped shelled pistachio nuts, Salt flakes, such as Maldon, optional], title: Pistachio, Cherry and Chocolate Tart, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 3247: {instructions: Pit the olives, chop the garlic and put in food processor with parsley. Pulse to a rough paste while you pour in the olive oil. Add pepper to tas, ingredients: [2 pounds black olives marinated in oil and herbs de Provence, 4 cloves garlic, 12 cup of chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Black pepper], title: Black Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 3248: {instructions: For the roast pork: In a food processor, combine the oil, vinegar, wine, chipotles, cilantro, cumin, oregano, salt, agave, pepper, cayenne and garlic. Pulse to the consistency of a smooth, loose paste.nWith a sharp knife, score the fatside of meat 14inch deep, making in a diamond pattern. Place the pork fatside up in a roasting pan. Rub the marinade into the pork, making sure to get into all the crevices. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or, for best results, overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOne hour prior to cooking, remove the pork from the refrigerator and let it rest at room temperature. Remove the plastic wrap and set the meat fatside up on a rack in a deep roasting pan. Cook uncovered for 15 minutes, then lower the heat to 300 degrees F and cook another 3 12 to 4 hours, until the internal temperature registers 180 to 185 degrees F and the skin is crispy. If the pork begins to brown too much on top, cover it loosely with foil.nCut away the pork skin the chicharron, chop it finely, and set aside 12 cup for the mofongo. Let the meat rest 20 to 30 minutes before shredding.nFor the sopa de pollo: Set a medium saucepan over medium heat and add enough canola oil to coat the pan. Add the onions, peppers and garlic and sweat until translucent and fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle with salt. Add the chicken and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the chicken broth. Add 1 cup water, bring to a gentle boil, then simmer over low heat for 30 to 45 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and add salt to taste.nFor the mofongo: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice off the top of the garlic head, cutting away just enough to expose the cloves. Set the garlic on a double layer of aluminum foil and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Close the foil tightly to create a pouch, and transfer it to a baking sheet. Bake for 45 minutes, or until the cloves turn golden brown. Let rest until cool enough to handle. Working over a bowl, squeeze the bottom of the garlic head to release the cloves. Set aside.nSet a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crispy and well browned. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain.nIn a deep pot or Dutch oven, heat 3 inches of oil to 325 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the plantains in the oil until golden and soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. When cool enough to handle, smash the plantains with a spatula or the side of a knife, then return them to the oil. Fry a second time, until theyre just starting to brown. Drain on paper towels and season with salt as the plantains come out of the oil.nTo assemble: In a large, heavy metal mixing bowl, combine the fried plantains, the roasted garlic, the bacon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the reserved 12 cup pork skin, as well as the cilantro, scallions and lime juice. Toss to mix. Season with salt and pepper. Scoop out individual portions of mofongo using an ice cream scoop and transfer to shallow bowls. Ladle some of the sopa de pollo over the top or serve it in small bowls on the side. Top the mofongo with some of the shredded pork. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon minced chipotles in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons agave nectar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 6 cloves garlic, One 4 to 5pound bonein pork shoulder, Canola oil, for the pan, 1 small onion, roughly chopped, 1 Anaheim pepper, seeded, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, Kosher salt, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed, 4 cups chicken broth, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 head garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 strips applewoodsmoked bacon, cut into small dice, Canola oil, for deepfrying, 8 green plantains, peeled, sliced 12inch thick on the bias, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, Juice of 1 lime], title: Funky Mofongo with Sopa de Pollo and Puerto Rican Roast Pork, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 3249: {instructions: Put the fish in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Add the lime juice and toss set aside. Put the potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water and season with salt. Bring to a boil add the corn and cook, covered, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add all but 13 cup of the chopped onion to the skillet along with the thyme and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic, chile powder and half of the cilantro and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced, about 4 minutes. Add the potatoes, corn and reserved cooking water. Add the fish and lime marinade to the skillet and simmer, spooning the sauce over the fish, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the stew among bowls and top with the remaining onion and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges.nPer serving: Calories 381nFat 10 g Saturated 2 gnCholesterol 85 mgnSodium 333 mgnCarbohydrate 36 gnFiber 5 gnProtein 39 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 6ounce tilapia fillets, each cut into 4 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 limes 2 juiced, 1 cut into wedges, 12 pound new potatoes, thickly sliced, 4 small pieces frozen corn on the cob, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ancho or New Mexico chile powder, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves and tender stems coarsely chopped, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded diced fireroasted tomatoes], title: Mexican Fish Stew, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 3250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: Stir in any leftover mushrooms from the roasted mushroom meal midweek.nIn a Dutch oven, heat the extravirgin olive oil and 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, rosemary, thyme and bay leaf and cook until the mushrooms are lightly brown, about 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the onions and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Raise the heat a bit and cook 5 minutes more. Stir in the tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce and stock. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to a simmer. Add the turkey and heat until the mixture bubbles, then turn off heat and cool. Store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nReheat the sauce, in a covered pot, over medium heat, then uncover the pot and stir in the cream. Simmer over low heat.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the gnocchi. Cook until they float, about 1 to 2 minutes.nDrain the gnocchi and them to the pot. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and season with a hint of freshly grated nutmeg. Serve in shallow bowls topped with lots of chunky, creamy sauce and some cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon butter, 12 pound white button mushrooms, sliced, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, A couple sprigs thyme, leaves chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 pound chopped cooked turkey meat, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 pounds gnocchi, A few grates nutmeg, Grated Parmesan or Gruyere, for topping], title: Turkey and Mushroom Creamy Tomato Gravy With Gnocchi, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 3251: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small skillet, heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook shallots with salt and pepper, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add vinegar and boil until liquid is evaporated. Remove skillet from heat and stir in bread crumbs and thyme. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSeason lamb with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a saute pan and sear the lamb on all sides. Transfer, rib side down, to a small roasting pan. Spread the meat side with mustard and pat on crumb mixture, making an even coating. Roast lamb in middle of oven until a meat thermometer registers 120 degrees F for mediumrare, about 25 to 30 minutes.nCarefully transfer lamb to a cutting board and let stand 5 to 10 minutes. Slice lamb into chops.nWine Suggestions: Penfold Shiraz Rosemount Shiraz, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large shallots, chopped about 12 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup pulverized fresh bread crumbs, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, 1 rack of lamb 7 or 8 ribs, frenched, at room temperature, trimmed of as much fat as possible, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard], title: Rack of Lamb with Caramelized Shallots and Thyme Crust, picturelink: E25LrEf3A3IKDNr8ws0oAg8xKgp0igO}, 3252: {instructions: In a bowl, combine all ingredients., ingredients: [1 tablespoons ginger root, minced or grated, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, 13 cup chicken stock, 14 cup lite soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Ginger Soy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3253: {instructions: Add the pineapple, mango, tomatoes, red onion, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, and salt to a bowl. Cover and let chill for at least 1 hour before serving so the flavors can marry together., ingredients: [12 fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and finely chopped, 1 mango, peeled, and chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 14 red onion, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt], title: Tropical Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3254: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers twinenPreheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Fit a baking sheet with a wire rack.nSeason the tenderloin with the granulated garlic and plenty of salt and pepper. Transfer to the wireracked baking sheet and place on the middle rack in the oven. Roast low and slow until the internal temperature registers 120 degrees F, 2 to 2 12 hours.nRemove the tenderloin from the oven, cut off the butchers twine and coat in the softened butter. Set the oven to broil. Broil each side until crusty and golden, about 30 seconds a side. Set aside to cool, reserving any juices for later.nSlice the tenderloin as thinly as possible. We are looking for a smooth bite down here, so thin slices are key. Pour the accumulated juices over the slices and hit with more salt and pepper.nCut off the top crust of the boule about 1 inch down to create a lid. Hollow out the rest of the bread into a bread bowl. Smear the mustard over the bottom of the bread bowl. Next, spread with the Mushroom Duxelles. Then, add the sliced tenderloin we are looking for a lot of height here, so ribbon those slices Next comes a layer of baby spinach. Close with the top of the bread bowl and completely wrap in 3 layers of foil.nPlace a heavy wooden cutting board on top and use books, weights, giant cans, etc. to press down on the sandwich evenly. We are looking for maximum compression here, so 50 pounds is the goal. Just make sure the weight is distributed evenly. Press for a minimum of 4 hours at room temperature.nUnwrap, slice into wedges and serve.nAdd the mushrooms, garlic and shallot to a food processor and pulse a few times until coarsely chopped.nHeat the butter in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until melted. Add the mushroom mixture and stir. Cook, stirring every couple of minutes, until the mushrooms begin to brown. Season with salt and pepper, deglaze with the sherry, then add the fresh thyme. Set aside to cool., ingredients: [One 2pound centercut beef tenderloin, trimmed and tied with butchers twine, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, One 10 to 12inch boule, 14 cup Dijon mustard, Mushroom Duxelles, recipe follows, 1 cup baby spinach, 2 pints cremini mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, roughly chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced], title: Ultimate Steak and Mushroom Shooter Sandwich, picturelink: LPumCi5nVimmBwn3GM4g.OLNQsWJ6CK}, 3255: {instructions: Roughly chop and deseed watermelon. You should have about 12 cups of chopped fruit. Reserve two cups. Puree 10 cups watermelon and cranberry juice in blender. Strain pureed mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl or plastic container discard pulp.nPeel, seed and smalldice cucumbers and apples, deseed and dice red bell peppers and peel and smalldice red onion. Pick and chop mint and parsley, set aside for garnish. Seed, devein and finely chop jalapeno pepper. Combine cucumbers, apples, celery, bell peppers, onion, herbs, limejuice, vinegar and jalapeno with the watermeloncranberry liquid and stir to combine. Finely chop the reserved two cups watermelon and add to mixture. Salt to taste.nCover and refrigerate until well chilled an hour minimum. Garnish with the chopped mint and parsley and serve well chilled., ingredients: [6lb. watermelon to yield about 12 cups chopped fruit, 1 cup cranberry juice, 2 cups peeled, seeded and smalldiced cucumber, 2 Golden Delicious apples, or 2 cups, smalldiced, 2 red bell peppers, or 1 12cups, smalldiced, 1 red onion, or 34cup, small diced, leaves from 1012 stems of fresh mint, or 12cup, finely chopped, 1012 stems of fresh parsley, or 12cup, finely chopped, juice of 2 limes, 3 Tbs. sherry vinegar, 1 jalapeno pepper, 1 tsp. salt], title: Vegetarian Watermelon Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 3256: {instructions: Season the shanks well with salt and pepper. Mix flour with curry, chili, fennel, and coriander. Completely coat shanks in mix. In a hot casserole lightly coated with canola oil, sear shanks and color on all sides. Set shanks aside and wipe out casserole. Saute onions, celery, carrots, garlic and ginger until soft. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze casserole with red wine and reduce by half. Stir in thyme. Add soy sauce, banana, kaffir lime and chilies. Add shanks and completely cover with water. Check for seasoning. Slowly bring to a boil then cover tightly with foil or lid. Roast in a 325 degree oven at a simmer for at least 3 hours. The meat should fall off of the bone. Remove shanks and reduce sauce until thickened slightly. Remove kaffir lime leaves and puree sauce using a hand blender. Check again for seasoning.nTHREE ONION COUSCOUS: In a hot saute pan, add canola oil and caramelize onions with the scallions. Season. Remove to a large bowl. Add olive oil, currants and couscous. Boil water and add exactly 6 cups to bowl and quickly stir together. Immediately cover bowl with plastic wrap. Let stand 30 minutes. With a fork, fluff couscous and check for seasoning., ingredients: [6 large lamb shanks 810 inches long, 3 cups AP flour, 12 cup madras curry powder, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 14 cup coarse ground fennel, 14 cup coarse ground coriander, Canola oil to cook, 2 onions chopped, 2 stalks celery chopped, 2 large carrots chopped, 14 cup garlic minced, 14 cup ginger minced, 1 bottle red wine, 14 bunch fresh thyme, picked and roughly chopped, 1 cup dark soy sauce, 1 banana, 6 kaffir lime leaves, 3 Thai bird chilies, Water, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 yellow onion, finely diced, 1 bunch scallions, chopped save green part for garnishing, 1 red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 13 cup dried currants, 3 cups couscous, 6 cups boiling water, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Curried Braised Lamb Shank with Three Onion Couscous, picturelink: null}, 3257: {instructions: Place the leaves of basil on top of one another and roll up tightly. Then, using a sharp knife, slice basil very thin and reserve. Rinse tomatoes and wipe dry. Then slice into 14 inch to 12 inch slices and arrange in a circular motion on the plate. With the back of a heavy saucepan, crush the coriander seeds 3 or 4 times and sprinkle on top of tomato sprinkle some salt and a few turns of the pepper. Then add the cheese and drizzle the olive oil over the dish, sprinkle with basil., ingredients: [6 leaves of basil rinsed in cold water and patted dry, 2 ripe red beefsteak tomatoes, 2 ripe yellow beefsteak tomatoes, 2 ripe orange beefsteak tomatoes, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 ounces crumbled ricotta cheese, 1 12 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and fresh ground black pepper to taste], title: John Villas Beefsteak Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 3258: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, add vinegar, sugar, and honey. Let simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until reduced by half. Keep warm for glazing on grill.nIn a 1 gallon resealable bag, add the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, sea salt, pepper, and garlic and mix until combined. Next, add the carrots, celery root and onions, remove excess air. Allow to marinate for 30 minutes. Then add the zucchini and squash and allow to marinate for 10 more minutes.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh.nBrush grill with oil. Add onions, carrots and celery root. Cook on both sides for 3 to 5 minutes brushing with balsamic glaze. Mark and brown evenly on both sides. Remove to holding pan and cover with aluminum foil. Add squash and zucchini to grill, brush with glaze and cook for 2 minutes per side, until marked and evenly brown. Remove to holding pan, and cover until service.nDrizzle veggies with remaining glaze and serve on a warm platter., ingredients: [1 12 cups balsamic vinegar, preferably aged, 1 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, preferably aged, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 3 9 to 12inch carrots, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, 2 celery roots, trimmed and cut in 14inch slices, 3 large red onions, cut into rounds, 38inch thick, 2 7 to 8inch zucchini, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, 4 4inch, crooked neck squash, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, Oil, for brushing grill], title: Balsamic Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: nZXBDOMPk3u2EuvTKyU4OMSTIa5diH2}, 3259: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter and flour a 10cup Bundt pan.n2. For cake: Whisk flour, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pie spice, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl.n3. Toss apples with remaining 14 cup sugar and 12 teaspoon pie spice and set aside.n4. Whisk eggs and oil together in a large bowl. Whisk in sour cream, orange zest and juice, and vanilla. Pour egg mixture into dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon just until combined but slightly lumpy.n5. Using a slotted spoon, scatter about 12 cup apples in bottom Bundt pan. Place about 13 batter on top. Repeat, alternating remaining apples and batter, ending with batter.n6. Bake cake until a skewer inserted into center cake comes out clean, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cool 10 minutes invert onto a rack placed over a baking sheet. Cool.n7. For caramel: Stir sugar, corn syrup, and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook, swirling pan but not stirring, until sugar is a dark ambercolored caramel, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat carefully pour in cream. Stir in pecans, vanilla, and salt. Cool until caramel becomes thick and syrupy pour over cake cool until set., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups sugar, plus 14 cup for apples, 1 12 teaspoons ground apple or pumpkin pie spice blend, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 4 large golden delicious apples, peeled, cored, and roughly chopped about 5 cups, 3 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, Finely grated zest from 1 orange, Juice 1 orange about 13 cup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 cup pecans, toasted and roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Caramel Apple Cake, picturelink: null}, 3260: {instructions: For the steak: Begin with setting up an assembly line of dishes. Mix the milk with the eggs in one mix the flour with the seasoned salt, paprika, cayenne and 1 12 teaspoons black pepper in another and put the meat in a third. Then have 1 clean plate at the end to receive the breaded meat.nWork with 1 piece of meat at a time. Sprinkle both sides with salt and black pepper, then place it in the flour mixture. Turn to coat. Place the meat into the milkegg mixture, turning to coat. Finally, place it back in the flour mixture and turn to coat dry mixturewet mixturedry mixture. Place the breaded meat on the clean plate, then repeat with the remaining meat.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the butter. Drop in a few sprinkles of flour to make sure its sufficiently hot. When the butter sizzles immediately, you know its ready. It should not brown right away if it does, the fire is too hot. Cook the meat 3 pieces at a time until the edges start to look golden brown, about 2 minutes each side. Remove the meat to a paper towellined plate and keep warm by covering lightly with another plate or a sheet of foil. Repeat until all the meat is cooked.nFor the gravy: Put the skillet with the grease back over the heat. When the grease is hot, sprinkle the flour evenly over the grease. Using a whisk, mix the flour with the grease, creating a goldenbrown paste. Add more flour if it looks overly greasy add a little more grease if it becomes too pastyclumpy. Keep cooking until the roux reaches a golden brown color, about 5 minutes.nPour in 3 cups of the milk, whisking constantly. Add the seasoned salt and black pepper to taste and cook, whisking, until the gravy is smooth and thick, 5 to 10 minutes. Be prepared to add more of the remaining milk if it becomes overly thick. Be sure to taste to make sure the gravy is sufficiently seasoned.nServe the steaks with the gravy., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 2 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 34 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds cube steak tenderized round steak thats been extra tenderized, 12 cup canola oil, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 3 to 4 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Fried Steak 1, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 3261: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace the corned beef in a colander in the sink and rinse well under cold running water.nPlace the corned beef in a large Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid, add the water, bay leaves, peppercorns, allspice and cloves. Bring to a boil, uncovered, and skim off any scum that rises to the surface. Cover and transfer pan to the oven, and braise until very tender, about 3 hours and 45 minutes.nTransfer the corned beef to a cutting board and cover tightly with foil to keep warm. Add the cabbage and potatoes to the cooking liquid and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the cabbage to a large platter. Slice the corned beef across the grain of the meat into thin slices. Lay the slices over the cabbage and surround it with the potatoes. Ladle some of the hot cooking liquid over the corned beef and season with pepper. Serve immediately with the mustard or horseradish sauce.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, horseradish, zest, and 2 teaspoons salt. Season generously with pepper to taste. Refrigerate the horseradish sauce for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [One 3pound corned beef brisket uncooked, in brine, 16 cups cold water, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 4 whole allspice berries, 2 whole cloves, 12 large head green cabbage about 2 pounds, cut into 8 thick wedges, 8 small new potatoes about 1 14 pounds, halved, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, Serving suggestion: Wholegrain mustard or Horseradish Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup sour cream, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons jarred grated horseradish with liquid, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 3262: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 275 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat oil over medium heat. Saute the red pepper, onion and garlic until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the baked beans and remaining ingredients and bring to a low simmer. Cover the beans and place in the preheated oven. Bake for 45 minutes.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 28ounce cans baked beans, 12 cup brown sugar, 13 cup Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows, 14 cup molasses, 1 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup chopped pork or beef brisket, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Barbeque Baked Beans, picturelink: 8dCjFdhGQmQPGShOJd4kkLlYP5CSGK}, 3263: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boil for the pasta.nFor the sauce, melt butter in a saucepan which will be large enough to accommodate the pound of cooked pasta, and saute onion until it becomes translucent. Mix in the flour to make a roux. Gradually add milk and allow thickening over low heat. Remove from heat and whisk in Parmesan. Immediately cover surface of sauce with a sheet of plastic wrap and set aside briefly.nBoil the pasta until al dente and drain. Add the cooked pasta and the blanched peas to the pan containing the sauce and fold to coat pasta. Season with salt and pepper, as needed., ingredients: [1 medium onion, minced, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup hot milk, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound penne pasta, 1 8ounce package frozen peas, blanched in salt water, Salt and white pepper], title: Penne Parmesan Alfredo, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 3264: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCrumble the bread by hand into a large mixing bowl. Melt the butter, then pour it over the bread crumbs. Add the seasonings and chopped celery. Then mix with the deboned chicken chunks.nTurn into a large roast pan and bake covered for a halfhour to an hour, until heated through. Dampen with water around the edge if it begins dry out. Stir often to prevent sticking.nGiblet Gravy: Cover heart, neck and gizzard from chicken with about 5 to 6 cups salted water, bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 1 hour. Add liver and cook an additional 10 minutes.nLift meat from broth and cool. Cut into small pieces and set aside. Pour broth into bowl and set aside.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter or equivalent amount of drippings from chicken roasting pan in pan where giblets were cooked. Add 1 tablespoon flour for each cup of reserved broth. Brown flour slightly.nStir in reserved broth over low heat, stirring constantly until gravy is smooth and thickened. Add giblets to gravy and warm. Serve over mashed potatoes and filling., ingredients: [1 12 loaves homemade bread, 1 pound butter, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 34 cup celery, chopped, optional, Meat from a whole chicken, stewed and removed from bones], title: Chicken Roast, picturelink: null}, 3265: {instructions: Special equipment: Large barrel strawsnIn a large pot, add the water and the pearl tapioca. Bring to a boil, over medium heat, then cover and cook for 16 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow it to sit another 15 minutes, covered. Strain into a container and add 13 cup of the Spiced Simple Syrup. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nBring 2 quarts of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the tea bags, let steep for 7 minutes and then remove. Allow the tea to cool.nWhen ready to serve, add 13 cup tapioca pearls, 13 cup halfandhalf, and 14 cup spiced simple syrup to each glass. Fill the glasses with ice and top with the tea. Serve with a wide barrel straw to get the pearls.nCombine all the ingredients in a small pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Strain the mixture into a glass jar and discard the cloves and cinnamon. The syrup will keep refrigerated for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [7 cups water, 1 7ounce package pearl tapioca, 10 black Chai tea bags, 1 pint halfandhalf, Spiced Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Ice, 1 cup water, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 whole cloves], title: Pearl Tea, picturelink: null}, 3266: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Add the sliced shallot and cook, stirring often, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt.nWhisk 2 tablespoons of the frying oil, the chopped shallot, lime juice, fish sauce, soy sauce, garlic, ginger and jalapeno in a large bowl. Add the watermelon and toss to combine. Let sit 10 minutes.nAdd the cilantro, basil, mint and 2 tablespoons peanuts to the salad and season with salt toss to combine. Top with the remaining 1 tablespoon peanuts and the fried shallot.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [13 cup peanut or vegetable oil, 2 small shallots 1 thinly sliced, 1 finely chopped, Kosher salt, Juice of 3 limes, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced, 4 cups chopped seedless watermelon, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup chopped fresh basil, 13 cup chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons cocktail peanuts, roughly chopped], title: Asian Watermelon Salad, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 3267: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350u00b0:F.n2. Slice top of garlic bulbs to expose cloves.n3. Add oil and enclose inside aluminum foil pouch. Bake for 30 minutes until soft.n4. Remove from pouch to cool, pouring excess oil onto salmon fillets.n5. Season fillets with salt and pepper mixture.n6. Place on a medium hot grill or grillpan for approximately 34 minutes on each side.n7. After first turn, squeeze roasted garlic bulb onto top of salmon fillet.n8. Mix salad components thoroughly with olive oil and fresh lemon juice.n9. Serve salmon atop salad mixture. Add bulgur to salad, or eat as a side dish., ingredients: [4 each Alaska salmon, skinless, 4 oz., 4 each Garlic, bulbs, 2 Tbsp Oil, vegetable, 1 tsp Salt, kosher, 1 tsp Pepper, black, ground, 2 qts Mesclun greens, 1 pint Tomatoes, grape, quartered, 5 each Radishes, sliced, 1 cup Carrots, matchstick, 1 Tbsp Dill, fresh, leaves, 2 Tbsp Oil, olive, 3 fl oz Lemon, juiced 3 medium, 3 cups Bulgur, cooked with fresh dill], title: Garlic Grilled Alaska Salmon Salad, picturelink: c91bn7ZqzbVgVEmcB2a.MzT3h.OnBtq}, 3268: {instructions: Cook the apples in the cider, stirring continuously for nearly 8 hours. In the last hour or so, add the sugar. Stir in the flavoring. Once butter is thick enough to stick to an upside down saucer, the butter is done and ready to be canned., ingredients: [10 to 12 bushels apples for standard 40 gallon kettle, peeled and quartered, Apple cider, to cover the apples in the kettle, 3 pounds sugar, or to taste, Cinnamon, either powdered or oil, several small bottles, to taste, Clove, either powdered or oil, several small bottles, to taste], title: Apple Butter, picturelink: null}, 3269: {instructions: Drain excess liquid off beans. Heat over medium low heat with a touch of butter. Cook until slightly softened. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of vinaigrette, salt and pepper to taste. Pulse in food processor or mash in pot with a hand masher.nSlice bread, remove crust if necessary, brush with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and bake at 275 degrees until toasted or under broiler on both sides.nSpread 1 to 2 tablespoons bean tapenade and garnish with scallions., ingredients: [1 can white beans, Bottled Italian Vinaigrette dressing, White bread, baquette, or Italian loaf, Garnish: chopped scallions], title: Bread with Bean Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 3270: {instructions: Heat up the pickle juice in a microwavesafe bowl or on the stovetop until boiling. Put the vegetables and red onion back in the pickle jar and pour the pickle juice over top. Screw the top onto the pickle jar and let the mixture sit in the fridge for at least 5 hours., ingredients: [Leftover pickle juice from a jar of pickles reserve the jar, Assorted vegetables for pickling, such as sliced carrot sticks, sliced orange bell peppers and cauliflower florets, Sliced red onion, as desired], title: Quick Pickled Veggies with Leftover Pickle Juice, picturelink: p.KGeIo6JHCYbwFxBTNiFZ1xeh0g6i}, 3271: {instructions: In large saucepan combine frozen cherries, dried cherries, sugar, cherry brandy, water, and tapioca. Bring to a boil. Pour mixture into slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for 1 to 1 12 hours.n30 minutes before fruit is ready, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine allpurpose baking mix, granola, ginger snaps and melted butter. Spread evenly on prepared baking sheet and bake in preheated oven for 12 to 18 minutes or until crisp and golden. Serve by spooning fruit into serving dish and sprinkling with crumble topping. Top each serving with a scoop of your favorite vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag frozen cherries recommended: C and W, 1 6ounce bag dried cherries recommended: Mariani, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup cherry brandy, 34 cup water, 3 tablespoons quick cooking tapioca recommended: Minute, 12 cup allpurpose baking mix recommended: Bisquick, 34 cup lowfat granola recommended: Quaker 100 percent Natural, 10 ginger snaps, crushed recommended: Archway, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Cherry Crumble, picturelink: .IKzTbI4jOK5rn0tj9lebvJH3My4qc.}, 3272: {instructions: Toast the chiles in a dry, cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat until brown all over they will soften, bubble and release their aroma .Place the chiles in a saucepan with the water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes, or until soft. Transfer the chiles with their water to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Reserve.nFry the bacon in large heavy stockpot over mediumhigh heat, about 4 minutes. Stir in the chorizo and saute 3 minutes longer, or until browned. Spoon out excess fat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden. Then stir in the garlic and cook for a few minutes to release its aroma. Add the lentils and reserved chile puree and saute an additional minute.nPour in the stock or water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes, occasionally skimming and removing the fat from the top. Stir in the carrots, celery, salt and pepper. Cook over mediumlow heat, covered, for about 40 minutes, skimming and discarding the fat from the top. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley and cilantro and serve hot, with the lime wedges if desired., ingredients: [3 to 4 dried ancho chiles, wiped clean, stemmed and seeded, 1 cup water, 4 thick slices bacon, cut into strips 1inch long x 18inch wide, 9 ounces chorizo sausage, removed from casings and crumbled, 2 medium onions, diced, 10 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups brown lentils, washed and picked over, 3 quarts chicken stock, vegetable stock, or water, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 2 celery ribs, washed and diced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch parsley, leaves only, chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, Lime wedges], title: Lentil and Chorizo Soup, picturelink: null}, 3273: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch fluted tube pan and set it aside. Cream the butter, sugar, and orange zest together until light and fluffy. Add the whole egg and the two egg yolks, one at a time, beating well and scraping down the sides of the bowl between each addition. Beat in the pumpkin puree.nSift together the flours, baking powder, and salt. Add to the pumpkin batter in three or four stages, blending gently but thoroughly after each. Stir in the final addition of dry ingredients by hand if you have been using a mixer, so as not to overwork the batter. In a clean small bowl, whip the egg whites until they hold soft peaks. Fold into the batter, then scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the surface. Bake in the center of the oven for 50 to 60 minutes, or until the top of the cake is springy when lightly touched, the sides are beginning to pull away from the sides of the pan and a wooden skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack and cool completely. This cake keeps very well for several days, well wrapped, and it freezes beautifully for up to 2 months.nFor the syrup, combine the orange juice and sugar in a small saucepan over low heat and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Increase the heat, bringing the syrup to a boil. Boil without stirring for 2 minutes, then use immediately, or allow to cool and refrigerate for up to 3 days reheat gently.nTo serve, place one slice of the pumpkin orange cake on each plate. Spoon a few tablespoons of the warm syrup over each piece, and accompany with a scoop of thick vanilla yogurt for breakfast or ice cream for dessert., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest, 3 large eggs, 2 of them separated, all at room temperature, 1 cup pumpkin puree, homemade or pure canned solidpack pumpkin not pumpkin pie filling, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cake flour not selfrising, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, Juice of 1 large juice orange, such as Seville, 12 cup granulated sugar, Additional unsalted butter, at room temperature, for greasing the pan, Thick vanilla yogurt or vanilla ice cream, to serve], title: Pumpkin and Orange Breakfast Cake with a Fresh Orange Syrup, picturelink: null}, 3274: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 13 by 9inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes season with salt and pepper. Stir in the flour and cumin and cook for 1 minute to remove the raw starchy taste of the flour. Gradually add the broth, stirring to prevent lumps. Once all of the broth is added, stir in the milk. Continue to stir constantly until the sauce thickens, about 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd half of the grated cheese and stir the sauce until the cheese has melted. Turn off the heat and transfer the sauce to a bowl. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the chorizo. Cook and stir until it starts to brown, about 4 minutes, using a wooden spoon to break up any large pieces while it cooks. Add the turkey and continue to cook until both meats are browned 8 to 10 minutes. Drain out excess oil from the pan, if needed. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, oregano season with salt and pepper.nLine the bottom of the prepared baking dish with 1 layer of plantains about 13 of the plantain slices, making sure that they dont overlap. Top the plantains with half of the meat mixture, spreading it out into an even layer so it covers the plantains. Top with half of the cheese sauce, spreading evenly with a spatula. Add another single layer of plantain slices side by side and cover with the remaining meat mixture and the remaining sauce. Add the final layer of plantains and sprinkle with the remaining cheese and a dusting of paprika over the top. Bake until the sauce is bubbly, about 45 to 60 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before cutting and serving., ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk, 2 cups shredded pepperjack cheese, divided, 6 ounces raw Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 1 pound ground turkey, 2 tablespoons Worcestershirek sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 to 6 ripe blackskinned plantains, peeled, halved horizontally and thinly sliced lengthwise, Paprika, to taste, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for serving], title: Latin Lasagna, picturelink: KPnPupB7taC2wV0mEc1jSi6Pu8K1nK}, 3275: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor bleu cheese butter:nIn a small bowl with a fork, smash together butter and 2 tablespoons bleu cheese crumbles set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, stir to combine ground beef, 13 cup bleu cheese crumbles, bacon pieces, and steak seasoning. Wet your hands to prevent sticking and shape into 4 patties slightly larger than the buns. Cover with plastic and set aside in refrigerator.nSet up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Brush and oil grate before cooking. Salt and pepper burgers and place on hot grill. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium. Serve hot on toasted onion roll. Spread with bleu cheese butter, lettuce, tomato, onion, and sliced avocado, if using.nINDOOR: Follow instructions for preparing burgers. Preheat broiler. Place burgers on wire rack over foil lined baking sheet or broiler pan. Broil 6 inches from heat source for 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons bleu cheese crumbles recommended: Treasure Cave, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 12 cup bleu cheese crumbles recommended: Treasure Cave, 14 cup real bacon pieces recommended: Hormel, 1 tablespoon Montreal steak seasoning recommended: McCormick Grill Mates, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 onion rolls, toasted, Lettuce, tomato, onion, Sliced avocado, optional], title: Bleu Cheese and Bacon Burgers, picturelink: UZ2rCOmaIQivYq0psB1g06TsdiiMMcG}, 3276: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the apples, lemon juice, and sugar in a mixing bowl and set aside.nDivide the dough and roll half the piecrust out thinly and cover the bottom of a pie tin. Mound the apple mixture over the crust. Dot the apples with butter. Roll the rest of the dough out thinly and arrange over top of apples. Cut a hole in the top of the dough to vent. Bake until the pastry is golden brown.nDivide the butter into 2 parts, about 23 to 13. Cut butter into 14inch cubes and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze smaller portion for at least 30 minutes. Refrigerate larger portion of butter.nPlace the flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder into a freezer bag and freeze for at least 30 minutes.nAfter 30 minutes, place the flour mixture into a food processor fitted with the metal blade and process for a few seconds to combine. Add the larger amount of butter cubes to the flour and process for about 20 seconds, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the remaining frozen butter cubes and pulse until all of the frozen butter is the size of peas.nAdd 5 tablespoons of ice water and the vinegar and pulse 6 times. Pinch some of the mixture between your fingers. If it doesnt hold together, add 1 more tablespoon of ice water and pulse 3 times. Repeat if necessary. Remove mixture to a large mixing bowl and knead. Refrigerate until ready to use.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 to 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 14 lemon, juiced, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 recipe pie pastry, recipe follows, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold, 2 14 cups pastry flour, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 5 to 6 tablespoons ice water, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 3277: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Combine the chopped vegetables, garlic and thyme in a large roasting pan. Rub the dried herbs and spices all over the beef season generously with salt and pepper. Place the beef fatside up on the vegetables and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 130, about 45 minutes. Remove the meat from the pan, cover loosely with foil and set aside to rest for 30 minutes.nWhile the meat is resting, put the roasting pan on the stove and cook the vegetables over high heat until they are browned but not burnt and the liquid has evaporated pour off any excess fat. Add the beef broth to the pan, using a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits that cling to the bottom. Transfer the liquid and vegetables to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the liquid reduces by half, about 30 minutes. Strain the sauce and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nTrim any excess fat from the beef and thinly slice. Halve the rolls horizontally and warm in the oven. Dip the bottom of each roll in the sauce and top with some of the beef dip the cut side of each roll top in the sauce and place on each sandwich. Serve with the hot mustard., ingredients: [1 small onion, roughly chopped, 1 small carrot, roughly chopped, 1 stalk celery, roughly chopped, 1 small leek, white and lightgreen parts only, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon dried sage, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 pounds beef top round roast, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups beef broth, 6 French rolls, Hot mustard, for serving], title: French Dipped Sandwiches, picturelink: KU2a65Y52q9qyZUkeno9EWbHfdNLWP.}, 3278: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Season chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Evenly top each chicken breast with slice of prosciutto, then cheese roll up and secure with wooden toothpicks. Brush chicken with Olive Oil, then coat with bread crumbs. Arrange chicken on baking sheet and bake 25 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked.nMeanwhile, heat sauce in medium saucepan. To serve, spoon heated sauce onto serving platter. Slice chicken rollatini and arrange over sauce. Serve, if desired, with hot cooked pasta or rice., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 112 lbs., pounded 14 inch thick, 6 thin slices prosciutto or boiled ham, 6 thin slices provolone cheese, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 14 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Creamy Alfredo Sauce], title: Chicken Rollatini Alfredo, picturelink: nCa4thC1KIKow2sngy24JjJkRrfMdSu}, 3279: {instructions: Remove the tips from the wings by cutting between the joints. Transfer the wings to a large resealable plastic bag.nCombine the honey, brown sugar, vinegar, ginger, garlic and lemon zest and juice in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Pour half the marinade into the bag with the chicken. Squeeze out most of the air and seal the bag. Shake gently to distribute the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches if necessary, sear the chicken wings, flipping once, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook for about 30 minutes, flipping the wings often to prevent them from burning. Remove the skillet from the oven and add the remaining marinade. Continue to cook the wings on the stovetop until the sauce is thick and coats the chicken wings evenly.nTo serve, arrange the wings on a platter and garnish with lemon zest., ingredients: [18 chicken wings, 1 cup250ml honey, 1 cup250ml brown sugar, 1 cup250ml balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons30ml peeled and grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Balsamic Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 3280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nHeat the olive oil in a 10inch ovenproof omelet pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook for 3 to 5 minutes over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until the bacon is browned but not crisp. Take the bacon out of the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside on a plate.nPlace the potatoes in the pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Continue to cook over mediumlow heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until very tender and browned, tossing occasionally to brown evenly. Remove with a slotted spoon to the same plate with the bacon.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, beat the eggs, milk, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper together with a fork. After the potatoes are removed, pour the fat out of the pan and discard. Add the butter, lower the heat to low, and pour the eggs into the hot pan. Sprinkle the bacon, potatoes, and chives evenly over the top and place the pan in the oven for about 8 minutes, just until the eggs are set. Slide onto a plate, divide in half, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 3 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup 1inchdiced unpeeled Yukon Gold potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 extralarge eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped chives], title: Country French Omelet, picturelink: ypPY.QC.dzJBPHdAgGxYbc5PK.9HCdm}, 3281: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, dissolve the salt and sugar in 8 cups of cold water. Add the black peppercorns and squeeze in 2 of the halved lemons. Submerge the pork in the brine for 6 hours.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the pork from the brine and dry off. Heat a large ovensafe skillet preferably cast iron over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and sear each side of the loin until golden, about 8 minutes total  keep turning until its golden all over. Add the sliced onions to the pan alongside the pork, and stir around to coat the onions in fat. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast the pork until it reaches an internal temperature of 140 to 145 degrees F, about 30 minutes. For even cooking, be sure to stir the onions once or twice during roasting.nFor the sandwich build: Butter the pretzel bun halves and griddle them until golden brown. With a sharp knife, slice the loin into thin shavings. Spread some mustard on the bottom half of each bun, then top with some sliced pork. Sprinkle the pork with a little salt and squeeze the remaining lemon halves over the top. Top with the roasted onions and some Pickled Fresno Peppers. Eat while standing.nBring the vinegar, 14 cup water, the sugar, salt, bay leaf and garlic to a boil in a small saucepan and simmer for 5 minutes. Pour the hot liquid over the peppers in a bowl or container. Cool to room temperature and refrigerate., ingredients: [34 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 3 lemons, halved, One 2 12 to 3pound boneless pork loin, tied with butcher twine, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 yellow onions, sliced 13inch thick, Butter, for toasting, 4 pretzel hot dog buns, split, 14 cup yellow mustard, plus more for spreading, Pickled Fresno Peppers, recipe follows, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 bay leaf, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 4 ounces Fresno peppers, sliced 14inch thick], title: Pork Loin Sandwich, picturelink: vO7kalTndrW9W2pCpue8rvZm57mpdOK}, 3282: {instructions: Boil the pasta in salted boiling water until al dente. Drain.nHeat the olive oil in a large pan and saute the chicken sausage until it starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the chili flakes and garlic and continue cooking for 1 minute. Add the spinach and cook until wilted, another minute.nAdd the pasta to the sausage mixture and saute for 1 minute over medium heat.nPlace the pasta in a bowl and top with the freshly grated Parmigianino., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 organic chicken sausages, cut into 14inch rounds, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, About 6 cups baby spinach leaves, 1 cup Parmigianino cheese, grated], title: Penne AglioolioAnything, picturelink: null}, 3283: {instructions: Heat the fudge sauce in small pot. Add in raspberries and mash the berries into sauce. Turn off heat.nPlace a slice of cake or a brownie on each dessert plate. Top with 1 scoop each of chocolate ice cream and raspberry sorbet, top with a river of raspberry hot fudge and a swirl of whipped cream. Garnish with shaved chocolate, shaved with a vegetable peeler., ingredients: [1 jar hot fudge sauce, 1 pint raspberries, 2 slices marble pound cake or 2 large brownies, store bought, 12 pint chocolate ice cream, 12 pint raspberry sorbet, Whipped cream, 1 bittersweet chocolate bar, for shaving], title: ChocolateRaspberry Sundaes, picturelink: null}, 3284: {instructions: Put the pumpkin puree, light brown sugar, cream cheese, pumpkin pie spice and salt in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until completely smooth. Add the heavy cream and continue to beat on mediumhigh until very thick and fluffy. Transfer to a dip bowl and keep refrigerated until ready to serve. Right before serving, garnish with a border of ginger snaps. Serve with dippers., ingredients: [One 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup heavy cream, Ginger snap cookies, for garnish, Suggested dippers: ginger snaps, cinnamonsugar pita chips, graham crackers], title: Pumpkin Dip, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 3285: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 4inch loaf pan or 3 mini loaf pans with cooking spray. Set aside.n2. Shred the zucchini lengthwise, turning to get as much flesh and as little seed as possible. When you get down to the seeds, stop shredding and discard the seeds. You should have a generous cup of zucchini. Squeeze the zucchini by hand to remove excess moisture.n3. Whisk together the buttermilk, vegetable oil, vanilla extract and eggs in a large liquid measuring cup. Stir in the zucchini.n4. Combine the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.n5. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just incorporated, take care not to over mix. Fold in 34 cup of the nuts and all of the chocolate.n6. Transfer the batter to the prepared loaf pans, scatter the remaining 14 cup nuts over the top. Tap the bottom on the work surface to distribute the batter in the pan evenly. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 minutes to 1 hour for the large pan and 35 to 40 minutes for the minis. Transfer the pans to a wire rack to cool 30 minutes. Turn the bread out and let cool completely on the rack. Save in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 medium zucchini, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup chocolate chunks], title: Double Chocolate Zucchini Bread with Pecans, picturelink: null}, 3286: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the celery, 1 teaspoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste on a foillined rimmed baking sheet roast until tender, about 20 minutes.nWhisk the mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons olive oil, the lime juice, honey, hot sauce and 1 tablespoon water in a large bowl. Add the roasted celery and toss. Add the lettuce and watercress but dont toss.nHeat a large grill pan or castiron skillet over high heat. Rub the steak with the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. When the pan is very hot, add the steak and cook, undisturbed, about 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board. Add the scallions to the pan and cook until charred, about 2 minutes per side.nSlice the steak against the grain, discarding the tough membrane that runs through the center. Add the steak and tomatoes to the bowl with the salad and toss to coat. Divide among plates.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [10 stalks celery about 1 bunch, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon green hot sauce, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 1 bunch watercress, torn 3 to 4 cups, 1 14 pounds blade steak, about 34 inch thick 4 to 6 steaks, 2 bunches scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Grilled Steak Salad, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 3287: {instructions: Saute the garlic and ginger in oil until soft 1 minute. Add the dry ingredients and stir for another 30 seconds then add the remaining liquids. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. Skewer the meat alternating with the apricots and onions red peppers can be used for more color and flavor. Arrange the skewers in a deep dish and cover with the cooled marinade. Allow the dish to stand at least overnight or up to 3 days in the refrigerator. To serve: grill the skewers over high heat basting with the leftover marinade. The marinade can be used as a sauce if boiled again for 3 minutes. Serve the sosaties over rice and chopped fruit such as banana or mango., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, Vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 bay leaves, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 whole cloves, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons apricot jam, 1 cup tamarind water, 2 chicken breasts, skinless beef or lamb can be substituted cut in pieces, 1 cup of dried apricots or prunes, softened in boiling water, 1 onion cut into quarters, softened in water], title: Chicken Sosaties Kebobs, picturelink: null}, 3288: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the flour with the salt and sugar in a large bowl. Toss half the butter and lard in the flour to coat, then use a pastry blender or knives or your fingers to cut in the fats until pea sized or a bit smaller. Toss the rest of the butter and lard into the mixture, then cut in again until the mixture resembles coarse meal with some larger chunks of fat throughout.nUse your finger to draw a trench down the center of the mixture, and sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of the water down the trench and around the outside of the flour. Toss the flour with the water using your fingers or a rubber spatula. Repeat until the dough comes together in shaggy chunks. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured board and use the heel of your hand to smear pieces of dough away from you. Gather the dough together with a pastry scraper and press into a large disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate a few hours before using.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough just slightly thicker than 18inch. Cut out 5inch circles, place on parchment on a baking sheet, and chill while you prepare the filling.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the brown sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Add the Calvados and cook for 1 minute.nAdd the apples and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the lemon juice, cinnamon and ginger and cook until the apples are caramelized and just cooked through, about 10 minutes longer. Scrape into a shallow bowl or onto a baking sheet and let cool to room temperature.nPlace 1 of the dough circles on a flat surface and place a few tablespoons of the apple filling onto one half of each circle of dough. Brush a little cold water around the circumference of the dough and fold it in half so the other side comes down over the apple filling. Seal the pie and make a decorative edge by pressing the edges of the dough together with the back of a fork. Place the pies on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper to chill for 30 minutes.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan until it reaches 360 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Fry the pies, 2 at a time until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Let drain for 10 seconds then toss with the cinnamon sugar. Serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, very cold, cut into 16 pieces, 14 cup lard, very cold, cut into 4 pieces, 8 to 12 tablespoons ice water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons light brown muscavado sugar, 14 cup Calvados, 3 Granny smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch dice, 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch dice, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 quart peanut or canola oil, Chilled dough circles, Apple filling, 1 cup sugar mixed with 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Fried Apple Pies, picturelink: lyEueuNagb.rq1nppBALZJIbfvcQb2}, 3289: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove husks form corn and put in a large pot with milk and cream, Set over low heat and bring to a simmer then shut off heat and cover to let corn steep, about 1015 minutes. Remove corn from milk and cut the kernels off the cob with a sharp knife and set aside.nStrain the milk mixture and set back over high heat, add butter and pour in the cornmeal in a slow steady stream, whisking at the same time. Cook and whisk constantly until the cornmeal is blended in and the mixture is smooth and thick it should look like porridge. Take the pot off the stove and fold in the corn, chives, chopped poblano, and salt and pepper. Mix in the egg yolks, 1 at a time, to make it more like a batter. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites use a hand blender if you have one until they hold stiff peaks. Fold the whites into the corn pudding to lighten it. Coat the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8inch baking dish with nonstick spray. Spoon the batter into the prepared baking dish and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. When its done, the corn pudding will look puffed and golden brown, like a souffle. Spoon into the bottom of bowls and serve chili over the top., ingredients: [2 ears fresh corn, 2 cups milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 medium poblano, seeds removed, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, separated], title: Corn Pudding with Poblanos, picturelink: OOU7r6QusTnt.rd4BCfGchUZNzut48O}, 3290: {instructions: Line a loaf pan with plastic wrap. Be sure to leave plenty of plastic around the edges so they can be folded over to cover the top. Put the almonds in the bottom of the prepared pan in an even layer this will eventually become the top, so make it look pretty. Reserve.nWhip the cream with a whisk or an electric beater until it forms medium peaks. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nBring a saucepan with about 1inch of water to a boil, over low heat. In the metal bowl of a stand mixer, combine the 1 14 cups of sugar, egg yolks, lemon juice and zest and the pinch of salt. Whisk to combine. Put the metal bowl on the saucepan, and reduce the heat under the saucepan so the water is just at a simmer. Whisk the egg mixture until it gets very light and fluffy, this will take about 4 to 5 minutes. For an insurance policy you can take the temperature of this mixture. It should be about 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Put the mixer bowl on the mixer and beat with the whisk attachment until the mixture has doubled in volume and the bottom of the bowl is cool when touched.nFold in the reserved whipped cream in increments. Do this gently but quickly. When it is a homogeneous mixture, pour it into the prepared loaf pan. Fold the plastic over the top and transfer to the freezer. Freeze at least 4 to 5 hours, but this can be done overnight or up to a couple days in advance.nCombine the oranges, mangoes, mint and remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar in a small bowl. Let the mixture macerate for about 1 hour before serving.nTo serve:nRemove the loaf pan from the freezer and open the plastic. Turn the semifreddo out of the loaf pan to a serving platter and remove the plastic. With hot knife, slice the semifreddo into 1inch slices and garnish with the orangemango salad.nSo refreshing, ingredients: [12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 8 egg yolks, 12 cup lemon juice, 3 lemons, zest finely grated, Pinch salt, 3 oranges, supremed, plus the juice, 1 mango, cut into small cubes, 10 mint leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: Lemon Semifreddo with Orange and Mango Salad, picturelink: null}, 3291: {instructions: Set a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 2 9 by 1 12inch round cake pans.nCombine the flour, cocoa, baking powder and baking soda in a mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Sift the dry ingredients onto a piece of parchment or waxed paper and set aside. Beat the butter and sugar together in an electric mixer set at medium speed. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating smooth after each addition. Lower mixer speed to low and beat in half the dry ingredients. Scrape bowl and beaters well. Add the sour cream and scrape again, then beat in the remainder of the dry ingredients. Scrape batter into prepared pans and bake cake 30 to 35 minutes, or until well risen and a toothpick or knife inserted into the center of the cake emerges clean. Cool in pans on a rack for 5 minutes, then turn out of pans. Turn cake over again so it stands right side up to finish cooling.nLine 2 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans with parchment.nFor the cookie dough, in a mixing bowl beat butter with an electric mixer set at mediumnspeed until soft and light. Beat in 1 cup sugar and continue beating until sugar is completely incorporated. Beat in yolks, one at a time, beating smooth between each addition, scraping bowlnand beaters occasionally. Beat in ground almonds. Sift flour over butter and egg mixture and fold in with a rubber spatula, making sure flour is completely absorbed. Stretch a piece ofnplastic wrap on a plate or cookie sheet and scrape dough onto wrap. Cover with another piecenof plastic wrap and press dough into a 10inch square, about 12inch thick. Chill dough until firm, about 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Divide dough in quarters and remove one quarter at a time from refrigerator to roll. Place dough on a lightly floured work surface and lightly flour dough. Pound dough gently with rolling pin to soften it and roll dough to an 8inch square about 3 16inch thick. Cut dough into rounds with a plain 1 34 to 2inch cutter. Arrange rounds on pans, about 1inch apart, as they are cut. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough, refrigerating scraps between each rolling. After all the dough has been rolled and cut, press scraps together and reroll them to make more cookie bases. Count bases and make a 12inch hole in half the bases, using a small pastry tube. Place pans of cookies in oven and immediately lower temperature to 325 degrees. Bake the cookies about 20 minutes, until they are pale golden and firm. Cool on pans on racks.nTo finish cookies, lightly dust the pierced cookie bases with confectioners sugar. Arrange unpierced bases, upside down, on a clean pan. Bring jam to a simmer in a small saucepan over low heat and allow jam to reduce for a minute or two, until slightly thickened. Gently spoon about 14 teaspoon of jam on each unpierced base, spreading it to within 18 of an inch of the edge. Top with pierced cookies. Place remaining jam in a small plastic bag and force it into one corner. Snip a small hole in the corner and squeeze a drop of jam into each opening in tops of cookies. Allow jam to dry.nTo store, arrange cookies in layers with waxed or parchment paper between in an airtight container. Garnish each with a raspberry before serving, if desired.nLine 2 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans with parchment.nFor the dough, combine all the dry ingredients in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to mix. Cut butter into 12 pieces and add pulse to mix in finely. Add eggs and pulse to form a ball. Form the dough into a rectangle and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until needed, up to 2 days.nFor the filling, rinse, halve and pit the apricots. Sprinkle the cut edge of each with a little sugar.nWhen ready to form the pastries, preheat oven to 350 degrees and set racks in upper and lower thirds. Divide dough in half and roll each half to a 8 by14inch rectangle. Cut each into 4inch squares, reserving the leftover pieces of dough. Place the squares of dough on the baking pans and center an apricot, cut side down on each. Make a cut in the corner of each square of dough, through the corner and up to the apricot. Fold over every other slashed corner of dough to meet in the center over the apricot. Egg wash the top of each pastry and cut a 1 12inch disk from the leftover dough to top each pastry. Egg wash the disks on the pastries. Bake the pastries about 20 to 25 minutes, turning them back to front and switching pan positions several times so that they bake evenly. Cool on the pans on racks.nTo finish the pastries, bring jam and rum to a boil in a saucepan and strain into another pan. Bring to a boil and simmer about 5 minutes, until no longer watery. Paint the top of each cooled pastry with the glaze and sprinkle with the almonds., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup alkalized Dutch process cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 13 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 2 sticks 1 cup soft unsalted butter, 1 cup unsifted confectioners sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup finely ground blanched almonds, 2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup seedless raspberry jam, Confectioners sugar, Fresh raspberries, optional, APRICOT PINWHEELS, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter], title: Perfect Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 3292: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the wild rice and cook until just tender, about 40 minutes drain. Set aside and cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Pour off all but about 3 tablespoons of the drippings. Add the leeks and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until the leeks are just wilted, about 5 minutes. Stir in the basmati rice and cook until lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 1 13 cups water and 14 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low cover and simmer until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside, covered, 5 minutes.nFluff the basmati rice with a fork, then stir in the prepared wild rice and the parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Linda Pug, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 34 cup wild rice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 34 cup basmati rice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Wild Rice and Basmati Pilaf with Sausage, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 3293: {instructions: Slice the fennel crosswise paperthin with a mandoline or sharp knife. Put it in a bowl with the juice, salt, and sugar. Squeeze the fennel with your hand and let it sit for 20 minutes. Pour off any excess lemon juice and adjust the salt. If the fennel is too acidic due to particularly juicy lemons, give it a quick rinse in cold water. If you like, julienne a few mint leaves and toss them with the fennel just before serving., ingredients: [3 fennel bulbs, Juice of 2 Eureka or Meyer lemons, Salt, Pinch of sugar, Mint leaves optional], title: Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 3294: {instructions: Heat a wide saute pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Saute the shallots for 3 to 5 minutes, or until slightly golden. Add the garlic and chiles and saute, stirring constantly, for 1 minute more. Add the cumin, paprika and cayenne and cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes more, until the aromas are released but the spices are not burned. Remove pan from heat and add lime juice, butter to taste, salt and pepper. Set the mixture aside while you preheat a broiler or prepare a grill for highheat cooking.nCut lobsters in half lengthwise and season with salt and pepper. Grill at high heat for approximately 8 minutes, shell side down. Then reduce the heat or move the lobsters away from the hottest part of the fire, rotating them 180 degrees to help them cook evenly, but keeping the shell side down. Grill at low heat for 5 minutes more. Spoon the spice mixture over the lobsters at the end of grilling for the last few minutes. Serve immediately with plenty of lime wedges., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 shallots, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 red and 3 green jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Juice of 2 limes, about 4 tablespoons, 2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, or to taste, 1 to 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 live lobsters, 1 12 pounds each, 2 limes, quartered, for garnish], title: Grilled Lobster with Salsa Rosa, picturelink: null}, 3295: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the yeast and the warmed heavy cream. Let sit a couple of minutes until the yeast is foamy. Add the melted butter to the yeast mixture and mix well. Add the macadamia nuts. Add the flour and the salt to the mixture. Mix very well for about 3 to 4 minutes. The dough will be too soft to knead.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F and grease a 9 by 12inch bread pan with butter.nOnce youve mixed it extremely well, spoon the dough into the prepared bread pan. Cover with a towel and allow to rise, for about 1 hour. Uncover and bake for approximately 45 to 55 minutes. Ovens vary, so keep an eye on your bread. Tapping it on the bottom, you should hear a hollow sound. If you dont, put it back in the oven for a couple of minutes more. When completed, remove the bread from the oven and allow to cool in the pan for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from pan and let cool. This bread is very tender. Handle with great carenFor the barbeque sauce:nIn a large saucepan, combine the wine, tomatoes, onions, tomato paste, molasses, brown sugar, honey, vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, salt, cayenne pepper, and hot sauce. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil for 5 minutes, stirring frequently as it thickens. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for about 45 minutes, checking and stirring frequently. Store in an airtight container and keep refrigerated when not using. Makes approximately 2 12 cups.nFor assembly:nIn a large bowl, combine the chicken, BBQ sauce, carrots and almonds. Mix well. On a plate, stack 2 pieces of bread and slice them diagonally. Do the same with the other breads on 3 separate plates. Remove the top slices of the breads. Distribute the chicken mixture onto the bread. Top with the mesclun greens and tomatoes and cover with the sandwich tops. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 tablespoon yeast, 2 cups heavy cream, warmed, 2 cups butter, melted, plus more, for greasing pan, 1 6.5ounce jar whole macadamia nuts, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 1 cup diced red onion, 14 cup tomato paste, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 8 cups cooked chicken, 3 cups Barbecue Sauce, 3 cups shredded carrots, 3 cups roasted almonds, 8 sliced Macadamia Butter Bread, 3 cups meselun greens, 2 cups chopped tomatoes, For the bread:], title: O Special BBQ Memphis Style, picturelink: null}, 3296: {instructions: In a large bowl, add salt to the heavy cream and whip until firm.nAdd the ham and bechamel sauce to a food processor and blend until creamy. Transfer the ham mixture into a mixing bowl and fold in the whipped cream.nLine small serving bowls with plastic wrap and transfer the mixture into the bowls and let rest in the refrigerator for approximately 1 hour.nPlace the mold upside down on a serving dish and lift away the bowl along with the plastic wrap.nGarnish with pomegranate seeds on top and insert crackers around the mousse.nIn a saucepan, heat up the milk, and bring to a gentle simmer. In another saucepan, melt the butter and immediately add the flour. Lower the heat, and mix until the butter has absorbed all the flour and is the consistency of thick dough. Make sure the butterflour mixture does not burn or brown.nRemove the saucepan from the heat, and whisk in a couple of ladles of heated milk into the butterflour mixture. Whisk until the flour has absorbed all of the milk. Put the saucepan back on the burner over medium heat, and whisk in the remainder of the milk. Continue whisking until the sauce thickens and becomes a creamy velvety consistency.nYield: 4 12 cups, ingredients: [10 ounces300 g heavy cream, 12 teaspoon2 ml salt, 14 ounces400 g smoked ham, chopped, 13 cup80 ml bechamel sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup125 ml pomegranate seeds, Crackers, for serving, 5 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons flour, 4 12 cups milk], title: Smoked Prosciutto Mousse, picturelink: null}, 3297: {instructions: Fill a large pot with cold water and squeeze 3 of the lemons into it this is known as acidulated water. Keep it off the heat for now. The cut artichoke hearts have to head straight into the lemon water to keep them from browning.nTrim the artichokes: Lay an artichoke on its side and trim the brown woody tip of the stem. Using a very sharp or serrated knife, cut the top onethird of the thorny artichoke leaves off, leaving a flattened top. Use your hands to tear off the toughest outermost leaves from around the bottom of the artichoke, leaving most of the leaves untouched. Lay the artichoke on the board again and this time cut it in half lengthwise, from stem to top. Using a paring knife or a peeler, carefully peel off the outermost layer of the stem. Use a spoon to scrape away the inedible furry choke in the center of the artichoke. Voilayou have an artichoke heart Quick, put it in the acidulated water. Repeat to trim the rest of the artichokes.nPoach the artichokes: Add more water to the pot if needed to cover the artichokes. Season the water with 3 tablespoons salt. Place the pot over mediumlow heat and bring the water to a simmer. Poach the artichokes for about 15 minutes, or until theyre easily pierced with the tip of a knife. Drain the artichokes. Transfer them to a large bowl and set aside.nMarinate the artichokes: In a large saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic halves cutside down and sear them until lightly golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the thyme and tarragon. Squeeze the remaining 3 lemons into the pan and throw in the squeezed lemon halves as well. Add the wine and simmer on high heat until it has reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 4 cups olive oil and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Bring the marinade to a boil, then turn off the heat.nCarefully pour the hot marinade over the artichokes and stir to combine. Transfer the artichokes and marinade to mason jars with lids or airtight containers and refrigerate. Marinate for at least 1 hour, but ideally overnight, before serving. Store them in the refrigerator for up to 10 days.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [6 lemons, halved crosswise, 16 baby artichokes or 6 large artichokes, 3 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 heads garlic, halved crosswise, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh tarragon, 1 cup white wine], title: Marinated Artichokes, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 3298: {instructions: Special equipment: Moka coffee pot that serves 12 3 cups coffeenFirst prepare the coffee using a Moka machine big enough to serve 12 about 3 cups pour it in a bowl and allow to cool off, add 2 tablespoons sugar or sweeten to taste.nMix the egg yolks with 2 ounces sugar, and mix until you obtain a creamy light mixture. Work the mascarpone in a bowl using a wooden spoon, making sure you eliminate any lumps, then add the mascarpone to the sugaregg mixture and continue to mix well.nIn a separate bowl, mix the egg whites, pinch of salt, and the remaining 2 ounces sugar, until they reach a somewhat firm, but fluffy consistency, then add them to the mascarpone mixture. Stir in the rum, if using.nDip the savoiardi cookies firm ladyfingers in the coffee, and one by one lay them flat into a 7 by 11 pyrex tray, making sure you do not soak the cookies, as you want to make sure they maintain their firmness. Once the first layer of cookies has been laid out, spread a layer of the mascarpone cream on top, and dust with 1 tablespoon cocoa powder.nNow, again, prepare another layer of coffeedipped cookies, cream and cocoa powder. Garnish the top of the cake with the shaved dark chocolate.nCover the tray with plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 3 hours so the flavors can marry and the tiramisu can settle., ingredients: [3 cups brewed coffee, cooled, 2 8ounce containers mascarpone, 5 eggs, separated, 14 ounces savoiardi cookies firm ladyfingers, 4 ounces sugar, plus 2 tablespoons or more, for the coffee, 2 shots rum or Italian Marsala, optional, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup shaved dark chocolate, to garnish], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 3299: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 ghostshaped cookie cutter, no more than 5 inches longnFor the salted caramel: Add 2 tablespoons water, the sugar and salt to a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Stir to combine with a heatproof spatula until the sugar dissolves. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until the mixture begins to turn an amber brown color, 8 to 10 minutes. Whisk in the cream, remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the butter, being careful because it will foam up. Adding butter at the end will stop the cooking and keep your caramel soft. Cool.nFor the sandwich build: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Spread some salted caramel on one side of 4 pieces of bread. Top with the bacon and apples. Top with the remaining bread and butter both sides of the sandwiches. Place the sandwiches on the grill and cook until nice and toasted, 3 to 4 minutes, flipping halfway through. Add more butter to the pan if needed.nOnce all sandwiches have been grilled, take a ghostshaped cookie cutter and punch out ghost shapes from each. Put on a tray and watch masked children devour., ingredients: [Salted Caramel:, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons butter, Sandwich Build:, 8 slices white bread, such as Arnold Brick Oven White Sandwich Bread, 8 ounces maple bacon, cooked until crispy, crumbled, 1 Granny Smith apple, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons butter, plus more if needed], title: Caramel Apple and Bacon BooNinis, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}}