{33300: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the garlic, jalapeno and vinegar in a bowl. Stir in the parsley, oregano, and lime juice. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Mix well and set aside at room temperature to allow the flavors to marry.nReserve 12 cup of the chimichurri to serve and marinate the pork in the rest. Put the pork and marinade in a sealable plastic bag and set aside in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat an outdoor charcoal grill or oven broiler to high.nRemove the pork from the marinade, wiping off any excess. Season both sides with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and place on the grill. Grill the pork on the hottest part of the barbecue for 4 minutes per side, until well charred. Allow the tenderloin to rest for about 5 minutes prior to slicing. Spoon some chimichurri over the meat, drizzle with lime juice, garnish with parsley, and serve with the remaining sauce at the table., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and minced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, About 12 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, About 12 cup finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 3 limes, juiced, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 pork tenderloins about 1 pound each, trimmed of excess fat, patted dry, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, Lime juice, for drizzling, Parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Pork Tenderloin with Chimichurri, picturelink: LvebB2XY8GxE9OVVeNKuyIHySCIPLHy}, 33301: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the pork chops on a baking sheet, pour over the teriyaki sauce and toss to coat. Bake the chops until browned and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Transfer them to a plate and keep warm.nAdd the asparagus, green onions, bok choy and pepper slices to the baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Place the pork chops on top of the vegetables and bake until the vegetables are just beginning to brown, about 10 minutes.nGarnish with cilantro leaves and serve.nNote: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcast., ingredients: [6 boneless pork chops, 6 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 18 asparagus spears, trimmed, 12 green onions, trimmed, 3 heads bok choy, halved, 3 green bell peppers, each cut into 6 slices, Olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves], title: Teriyaki Sheetpan Pork, picturelink: null}, 33302: {instructions: Heat the butter and oil in a large Dutch oven or saucepan over medium heat. Once the butter melts, add the corn, celery, onions, bell peppers, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, thyme and cayenne, and cook, covered, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are tender and have just begun to turn brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture, and stir until it has all been absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 4 cups warm water, the milk, cream, potatoes and 1 tablespoon salt, and cook, stirring constantly, until the soup comes to a simmer and thickens. Partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally and adjusting the heat as needed to maintain a simmer, until the potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nLet the soup cool to room temperature, divide among four 1quart containers and freeze for up to 1 month.nTo reheat: Let the soup thaw in the refrigerator overnight. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until heated through. Thin with a little water if desired, and add salt to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups frozen corn, thawed, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 34inch pieces, Freshly ground black pepper], title: BigBatch Corn and Potato Chowder, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 33303: {instructions: Combine yogurt, strawberries and sugar. Set aside to marinate for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a cold bowl whip cream to firm peaks. Fold into yogurt mixture and transfer to ice cream freezer. Freeze according to manufacturers instruc, ingredients: [2 cups plain yogurt, 2 cups mashed strawberries, 12 cup extrafine sugar, 1 cup chilled heavy cream], title: Strawberry Yogurt Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 33304: {instructions: Add the stale bread to a large bowl and cover with cold water. Let the bread soak for 45 minutes.nRemove the bread from the water and discard the water. With your hands squeeze it dry, removing the excess water, while breaking into big crumbs.nIn a serving bowl, add the bread, tomatoes, onion, cucumbers, fresh basil, salt, and pepper and mix well.nCover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nAdd the vinegar and extravirgin olive oil when, fork at hand, you are ready to attack your dish, not 1 minute before then, ingredients: [8 ounces stale bread 3 to 4 days old, sliced, Cold water, as needed, 4 vineripened tomatoes or Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 small red onion, chopped medium fine, 1 European cucumber, halved and sliced into half moons, 2 handfuls fresh basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Red wine vinegar, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Panzanella Stale Bread Summer Entree, picturelink: null}, 33305: {instructions: Soak baccala in water for 2 days in the refrigerator, changing the water occasionally. Drain, and cut into 2inch pieces.nMound flour in the center of a large board. Make a well in the middle, and add eggs and 1 tablespoon oil. Using a fork, beat eggs and oil until thoroughly combined. Begin to incorporate flour, starting with the inner rim of the well. The dough will come together when half the flour is incorporated. Keep working dough until all flour is incorporated.nStart kneading dough using the palms of both hands. Once dough is a cohesive mass, remove it from the board scrape up and discard any leftover bits. Lightly flour the board, and continue kneading for 6 minutes more. The dough should be elastic and slightly sticky. Wrap the dough in plastic, and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature.nPlace baccala in the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until it is broken up but not completely smooth. Transfer fish to a large bowl, and add riced potato, 34 cup olive oil, rosemary, and chives. Stir well to combine. Season with salt and pepper set aside.nDivide pasta into 2 pieces. Working quickly, roll out each sheet of pasta to the thinnest setting on a pasta machine, and place on a lightly floured board. If using a ravioli pin: Cover the pasta with a 14inchthick layer of the fish mixture. Place a second sheet of pasta over it, and press down lightly with your hands. Lightly flour the ravioli pin. Carefully roll the 2 sheets together with the ravioli pin, forming the ravioli. Use the dull edge of a knife to seal the edges together. Cut ravioli to separate. Transfer to a baking sheet dusted with semolina.nIf not using a ravioli pin: Cut a single sheet of pasta at a time into 2 by 1inch rectangles. Place a teaspoon of the fish mixture into the center of each rectangle, and fold the pasta to form a 1inch square, pressing the edges to seal. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.nBring 8 quarts of water to a boil, and add 3 tablespoons salt. Drop in ravioli, and cook until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large saute pan, combine tomato sauce, thyme, redpepper flakes, and mint. Add remaining 3 tablespoons oil, and place over medium heat. Drain ravioli, reserving a cup of the cooking water add ravioli to the pan with the tomato sauce, and toss to coat. Adjust the consistency of the sauce with cooking water, and serve immediately.nIn a 3quart saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, and cook until soft and light golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the thyme and carrot, and cook 5 minutes more, until the carrot is quite soft. Add the tomatoes and reserved juice, and bring to a boil, stirring often. Lower the heat, and simmer for 30 minutes until thick. Season with salt. The sauce can be stored in the refrigerator for 1 week or up to 6 months in the freezer.nYield: 4 cups, ingredients: [1 pound dried cod baccala, as evenly thick as possible, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 extralarge eggs, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large baking potato, boiled, peeled, and put through a ricer or mashed, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Semolina, for dusting, 1 cup Basic Tomato Sauce, pureed, recipe follows, 5 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon crushed redpepper flakes, 12 bunch roughly chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, cut into 14inch dice, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, or 1 tablespoon dried, 12 medium carrot, finely shredded, 2 28ounce cans peeled whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, juices reserved, Salt], title: Baccala Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 33306: {instructions: Sprinkle 12 cup shredded mozzarella across the middle of the dough fold the bottom third of the dough over the cheese, then sprinkle 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan and 13 cup diced pepperoni over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the filling. Roll out again, cut into strips and twist into pretzels. Brush with beaten egg and sprinkle with parmesan and coarse sea salt bake.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [], title: Pepperoni Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 33307: {instructions: Lemon Ice Cream Base:nCombine whole milk, heavy cream, inverted sugar, egg yolks, granulated sugar, milk powder, and stabilizer in a large stainless steel bowl. Place the bowl over boiling water.nStirring constantly, slowly cook the mixture until a thicker consistency. Add chopped candied lemon zest and lemon oil extract to the mixture. Cool down the mixture over an ice water bath. Cover and refrigerate the ice cream bath overnight. The next day, process in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions.nCrumbles:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter and sugar on low speed. Add flour, almond flour, and salt and continue mixing on low until fully incorporated, about 3 to 4 minutes. Using your hands, break the dough into small crumbles and place them on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool completely and cover with plastic wrap to keep dry.nMeringue:nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a clean, dry mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. On low speed, gradually add the granulated sugar to the meringue, increase the speed, and whip the meringue to stiff peaks. Transfer meringue to a piping bag and pipe out the meringue into long cylinder shapes on a silpat or piece of parchment paper. Dust the tops with the powdered sugar. Bake for 2 hours. Let cool completely. Crumble the meringue and cover with plastic wrap to keep dry.nLemon Tart Ice Cream:nCombine eggs, granulated sugar, powdered glucose, and fresh lemon juice in a large stainless steel bowl. Place the bowl over a large pan of boiling water. Stirring constantly, slowly cook the mixture to curd consistency. Place the mixture over an ice water bath and cool down to 100 degrees F. Add butter and combine well. Refrigerate the mixture until very cold.nProcess the ice cream in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions. Transfer the ice cream to a large mixing bowl and fold in the crumbles and meringue pieces. Then add the lemon ice cream base and fold to combine until the 2 ice creams are nicely marbled. Transfer to airtight containers and freeze until hardened, about 2 hours., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 teaspoon whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon inverted sugar, 8 egg yolks, 1 cup plus 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk powder, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons stabilizer available online and in specialty baking stores, 34 cup chopped candied lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon oil extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons almond flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 egg whites, 12 cup plus 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 4 eggs, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons powdered glucose available online and in specialty baking stores, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 34 cup butter, softened], title: Lemon Tart Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 33308: {instructions: For the bread crumbs: Mix all the ingredients together until well blended.nFor the tomatoes: Slice the tomatoes into 14inch thick slices. Mix together the buttermilk and eggs and season with salt and pepper. Marinate the tomato slices in the buttermilk mixture for one hour.nRemove each tomato slice from the marinade 1 at a time. Press both sides gently into the prepared bread crumbs until they are well coated. When all the tomato slices are breaded, heat 14inch oil in a wide skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the tomatoes in batches until they are golden brown. You can also deepfry the tomatoes in a deepfat fryer heated to 350 degrees F. Drain on paper towels and keep warm. Serve topped with the crumbled cheese, chopped basil, and a drizzle of balsamic vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 cups plain bread crumbs, 1 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 farm fresh green tomatoes, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 large eggs, beaten, Prepared bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup feta cheese, crumbled, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 cup balsamic vinaigrette], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 33309: {instructions: Combine ice, 2 12 ounces gin, and a splash of vermouth in a cocktail shaker. Stir well. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with cocktail olives or lemon peel., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 2 12 ounces Tanqueray Gin, 1 splash Martini  Rossi Dry Vermouth, Cocktail olives, Lemon peel], title: The Coolest Martini, picturelink: null}, 33310: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.n2. Combine chicken, 1 cup cheese, 14 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise and onion in medium bowl set aside.n3. Bring salsa to a simmer in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Whisk in remaining 34 cup Mayonnaise and Bouillon. Remove from heat and keep warm.n4. Heat oil in another 10inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook tortillas, one at a time, turning once, 1 minute or until heated through but not crisp. Drain on paper towels.n5. Spread 12 cup sauce in 13 x 9inch baking dish. Dip tortillas in remaining sauce, then fill each with about 14 cup chicken mixture. Roll and place seamside down in baking dish. Pour remaining sauce over enchiladas, then sprinkle with remaining 12 cup cheese.n6. Bake 20 minutes or until enchiladas are heated through and cheese is melted. Garnish, if desired, with additional chopped red onion., ingredients: [2 cups cooked chickenabout 8 oz., 112 cups shredded manchego cheese, 1 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 3 cups salsa verde, pureed until smooth, 12 tsp. Knorru00ae Chicken flavor Bouillonoptional, 6 Tbsp. vegetable oil, 12 corn tortillas], title: Creamy Enchiladas Verdes, picturelink: M61I8AcKpnDBiCNa4GfRyfSbI6IHNkG}, 33311: {instructions: Pat salmon dry and coat with salt and pepper. In a heavy skillet heat 2 tablespoons of oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sear salmon, skin side down, 5 minutes. Reduce heat to moderately low. Turn salmon and cook 4 minutes more, or until it just flakes.nWhile salmon is cooking, in a small bowl whisk together vinegar, mustard, horseradish, remaining 4 tablespoons oil, and salt and pepper to taste until emulsified. Serve vinaigrette over salmon., ingredients: [4 6ounce pieces of salmon fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoon olive oil, 4 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 4 teaspoons drained bottled horseradish, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped herbs, i.e. parsley, tarragon, chervil andor chives], title: Seared Salmon with Horseradish Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 33312: {instructions: To finish:nPlace the achiote in a mediumsized saucepan, cover with 2 quarts water, and bring to a gentle boil. Simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh sieve into a bowl reserve the liquid. You can save the achiote seeds and grind them to use in a seasoning mix, or steep them in the liquid for another recipe.nStir in the whole milk and condensed milk. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the chocolate and mix to melt evenly. Cook for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until creamy but still fluid. Half way through the cooking, split the vanilla bean lengthwise with a small sharp knife and scrape the seeds into the mixture. Add the vanilla bean and stir to incorporate. When the pudding is done but still loosetextured, remove the spice bag and vanilla bean. Pour into a serving dish and sprinkle with ground cinnamon. Serve with cinnamon or cacao cookies.nRinse the rice in cold water until the water runs clear. Place in a heavybottomed 4quart saucepan with the reserved achiote infusion, salt, and the spice bag. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, uncovered, until the rice is soft, about 20 to 25 minutes.nFOR THE RICE:nRinse the rice in cold water until the water runs clear. Place in a heavybottomed 4quart saucepan with the reserved achiote infusion, salt, and the spice bag. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, uncovered, until the rice is soft.nTO FINISH:nStir in the whole milk and condensed milk. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the chocolate and mix to melt evenly. Cook for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until creamy but still fluid. Half way through the cooking, split the vanilla bean lengthwise with a small sharp knife and scrape the seeds into the mixture. Add the vanilla bean and stir to incorporate. When the pudding is done but still loosetextured, remove the spice bag and vanilla bean. Pour into a serving dish and sprinkle with ground cinnamon. Serve with cinnamon or cacao cookies., ingredients: [1 cup achiote seeds, 1 cup shortgrain rice, 2 teaspoons salt, Spice bag, containing 4 star anise pods, 12 allspice berries, 4 3inch cinnamon sticks, canela or cassia, tied in a cheesecloth sachet, 3 cups fresh whole milk, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate finely chopped, 2 plump vanilla beans, Ground cinnamon], title: MayaMediterranean Chocolate Rice Pudding: Arroz con Leche y Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 33313: {instructions: Puree the peaches, cottage cheese, milk, honey, lemon juice, a pinch of salt, the nutmeg and 2 cups ice in a blender until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide among glasses and sprinkle with more nutmeg.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, halved, pitted and cut into chunks with skins, 1 cup 2 or 4 cottage cheese, 12 cup reducedfat milk, 3 to 4 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for sprinkling], title: PeachyKeen Smoothies, picturelink: JDu.xOfFFDyTry9KNWajQZ3Rqm.JFKS}, 33314: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease bottom and sides of two 9inch round cake pans.nPrepare brownie mix according to package directions for cakelike brownies pour into prepared pans. A baking tip to get the brownies out of the pan easier is to put a circle of parchment paper on bottom of pan.nBake 20 to 25 minutes or until top springs back when touched. Cool 10 minutes. Remove from pans cool completely.nMeanwhile, stir pudding mix and milk in medium bowl mix well. Chill 5 minutes or until thickens. Fold in whipped topping. Chill. To serve, place one brownie layer on plate. Top with half each of pudding mixture and strawberries. Repeat. Garnish as desired.ndocument.writeunescape3Cscript src  document.location.protocol  https:  https:sb : http:b  .scorecardresearch.combeacon.jsc13c26035648c34900c4600c5700c6 3E3Cscript3E, ingredients: [1 pkg Duncan Hinesu00ae Double Fudge Brownie Mix, 1 3.5 oz pkg vanilla instant pudding and pie filling, 1 12 cups milk, 2 cups frozen nondairy whipped topping, 1 quart fresh strawberries], title: Strawberry Brownie Shortcake, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 33315: {instructions: Prepare the stock: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the turkey neck and giblets cook, turning, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, carrot, celery, thyme and bay leaves stir to coat. Add the wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Cook until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth, reduce the heat to low and simmer about 1 hour. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a large measuring cup reserve the saucepan. You should have 7 cups stockif youre short, add more broth.nMelt the remaining 8 tablespoons butter in the reserved saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth and bubbling, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the 7 cups stock bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Set aside until the turkey is done.nPour the turkey pan drippings into a fat separator and let stand until the fat rises to the top. Discard the fat or drizzle on your stuffing. Whisk the defatted drippings into the gravy season with salt and pepper. Reheat before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, Turkey neck and giblets liver discarded, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 3 sprigs thyme, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 8 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, plus more as needed, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Turkey pan drippings, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Classic Gravy, picturelink: null}, 33316: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 10inch springform pan.nIn the top of the double boiler over simmering water, combine the chocolate and butter. Heat until melted and smooth. Transfer to a mediumsize bowl and whisk in the egg yolks and vanilla. Sift in the sugar, salt, and cocoa while continuing to whisk.nWith a mixer, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Fold one third of them into the chocolate mixture. Repeat with the remaining whites, then pour the mixture into the prepared pan. Place on the lower rack of the oven and bake for 25 minutes.nRemove to a cake rack and immediately loosen the springform collar sides. Slip a plate inside the collar on top of the cake and push down slightly to push the air from the cake. Remove the plate and springform collar, and allow the cake to cool before serving., ingredients: [7 ounces extra bittersweet chocolate do not use baking chocolate, 14 tablespoons 1 34 sticks unsalted butter, 5 large eggs, separated, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons unsweetened dark cocoa powder], title: Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 33317: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line 8inch square pan with foil, extending foil over edge of pan. Coat with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE butter, powdered sugar and flour in medium bowl. Stir with fork until evenly moistened and mixture comes together to form a ball of dough. Press evenly in prepared pan.nBAKE 15 to 18 minutes or until just beginning to brown. Spread preserves over crust. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Add sugar gradually. Beat until stiff peaks form. Fold in coconut. Spread over preserves. Sprinkle with almonds.nBAKE 22 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely. Remove from pan lifting with edges of foil., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 6 tbsps. butter, softened, 12 cup powdered sugar, 34 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwest Triple Berry Preserves, 2 egg whites, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Triple Berry Meringue Bars, picturelink: CflRRANm.1mOiFnRySDiPpcRqX1KItK}, 33318: {instructions: For the hazelnut cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9inch round or square baking pan.nPulse the hazelnuts until coarsely chopped in a food processor. Reserve. Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nCombine the butter, sugar and vanilla in a large mixing bowl, and then beat until the mixture is light and fluffy, using an electric mixer. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Add the hazelnut paste and beat until incorporated and there are no lumps. Gradually add in the flour mixture, stopping the beater when it is just combined.nFold 1 cup of the chopped hazelnuts into the batter, reserving the rest for garnish.nTransfer the batter to the pan and bake until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the middle of the cake, 45 to 50 minutes. Let the cake cool 10 minutes, then remove from the pan and let cool completely.nFor the nutella mousse: Mix the Nutella and mascarpone in a large bowl to combine. Beat the heavy cream in another large bowl, using a hand mixer, until just under soft peaks. Add in the Nutella mixture in 2 additions, and beat until you dont see any streaks. Place the mousse in a pastry bag fitted with a medium star tip. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve and assemble the cake: Cut the cake into 3inch squares or rounds and cut each in half equatorially. Pipe the mousse on both the bottom and top halves of each of the cakes, and then give each cake a light sprinkeydink of the chopped hazelnuts.nServes: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 1 12 cups unhusked hazelnuts, toasted, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 12 cup hazelnut paste, 1 12 cups Nutella, 12 cup mascarpone cheese or cream cheese, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled], title: Hazelnut Cake with Nutella Mousse, picturelink: null}, 33319: {instructions: To make the crust: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the 4 12 cups flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until its a crumbly, sandy mixture. The pieces of butter should still be visable. In a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the watervinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. Again, the bits of butter should be visable.nTurn the dough out onto a work surface, divide the dough in half, and shape it into 2 round, flat disks. Wrap them separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using. When the time comes to roll out the dough, let the dough warm up for a few minutes at room temperature. Dust a work surface with just a few tablespoons of flour and keep some extra flour at hand. Sprinkle a little flour on top of the dough and start rolling outward from the center with quick, light strokes. Dont worry if the edges split a bit concentrate on getting a good circle going from the center. Lift up and rotate the dough a quarter turn every minute or so to help ensure even rolling. If it gets sticky, sprinkle on a bit more flour, but dont do this more than 2 or 3 times the dough will absorb too much flour. Instead, put it back in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to firm the butter up. Keep rolling until the circle is at least 2 inches larger than the pan.nSet a 10inch metal pie pan nearby. Transfer the crust to the pan by folding it gently in quarters, lift it up, position the center point on the center of the pan, and unfold it into the pan. Make sure that the dough is allowed to settle completely into the pan. Dont stretch and press the dough into the corners stretched dough will likely shrink back when you bake it. Instead, lift the edges of the crust to let it settle down into the corners. If the dough tears a bit, dont be concerned its easily repaired. Using scissors or a sharp knife, trim the dough to within 34inch of the rim. Use any extra scraps to patch the crust, pressing with your fingers wet them if necessary or set aside. Leave the edges of the bottom crust hanging over the rim. Roll out the second piece of dough into a circle about 12 inches in diameter. Line a sheet pan with parchment or waxed paper. Roll the dough up onto the rolling pin, then unroll it onto the sheet pan. Chill the finished crust or crusts for 20 to 30 minutes before filling the pie.nTo make the filling: Add sugar to a saucepan over medium high heat. Bring sugar to a boil and cook until caramelized, sugar will be a light amber color. Carefully add the butter, spices and apples. Cook for about 5 minutes, until almost tender. Off the heat add the Southern Comfort and flambe the mixture, cooking for an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Drain the mixture. Reserve the juice it can be frozen for a sauce for the pie. Toss the apples with the cornstarch and spread them out on a sheet pan to cool.nFill the pie with the cooled apples then rest the top crust on top, trim the top and bottom flush to the pan. Pinch the edges together, turning them under all the way around. Then press the thumb and forefinger of one hand together. Use them to gently push the thick dough rim outward, while pushing inward with the forefinger of the other hand, so that they intersect in a V with the dough in between. Repeat all around the rim to make a wavy edge. Snip a X shape vent in the top center of the pie using scissors or a sharp paring knife. Wrap the pie in plastic wrap and freeze until ready to bake and serve.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBefore baking the frozen pie, brush the surface of the piecrust with cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 10 minutes then turn the oven down to 375 degrees F and bake until light golden brown, about 1 hour., ingredients: [4 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 ounces 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup ice water strain out the ice just before using, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thickly sliced, 14 cup Southern Comfort, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Freezer Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 33320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the filling: Fill a large stockpot halfway with water and bring to a boil. While water is boiling, take a paring knife and cut a 12inch X on the bottom of each plum. Set aside. Fill a large bowl with ice and water and set aside. When water is boiling, gently drop plums into water for 30 to 45 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately submerge in ice water for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and dry plums gently with a paper towel. Over a mediumsized bowl, remove skins from plums  they should slip off fairly easily. Slice plums in half and remove pits. Toss with sugar, cinnamon, and lemon juice and set aside.nFor the crust: Preheat oven to 375 degree F.nGrind the almonds in a food processor until they are a fine crumb. Add the pastry flour, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and sugar to the almond in the processor and pulse 5 times to incorporate. Add butter and oil and pulse for about 20 seconds, until mixture forms small clumps. Add the egg white and pulse an additional 20 to 30 times, until mixture forms a ball, being sure not to overprocess. Dough will hold together, but be slightly sticky. Evenly press dough into the bottom and sides a 9inch tart pan with a detachable bottom. Bake for 8 to10 minutes, or until surface of tart is no longer shiny. Remove from oven and let cool. Place tart shell on a cookie sheet. Toss plum halves in their own juices in bowl. Arrange plums, cutside down, in the tart shell, crowding as many plums as you can into tart. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until fruit is slightly tender but still firm. Remove from the oven and let cool.nFor the glaze: Heat preserves over a low flame or in microwave until melted. Combine with water and brush surface of tart., ingredients: [6 ripe but firm plums, about 1 12 pounds, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Heaping 13 cup unsalted blanched almonds, 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons chilled butter, cubed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon seedless raspberry or strawberry preserves, 2 teaspoons water], title: Plum Tart with Almond Pastry Crust, picturelink: GmruJH7cj077qGsF9lqPafLXFe44Zi}, 33321: {instructions: Let the steaks sit at room temperature, to take the chill off, while you heat a grill pan to high. When the pan is very hot, drizzle the steaks with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the steaks 3 to 4 minutes on each side for pink centers, a couple minutes longer for medium well. Remove the steaks to a cutting board and let rest about 5 minutes before slicing.nMeanwhile, in a salad bowl combine the garlic, ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire and vinegar. Whisk in 13 to 12 cup extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the greens and toss. Slice the steaks, arrange on serving plates and top with the salad., ingredients: [4 flat iron steaks, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 13 to 12 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons grainy Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 large heart romaine, chopped, 1 bundle arugula, chopped], title: Sliced Steaks with Sweet and Spicy Salad on Top, picturelink: null}, 33322: {instructions: Procedure:nRemove crust from bread and cut into cubes. Heat skillet with butter and saute bread. Add sugar and cinnamon, saute until golden. Sprinkle milk over cubes and toss to mix well. Remove from heat, cool a few minutes. Scoop mixture into coffee cups and press onto sides of cup, leaving center open. Let cool completely. Fill center with a scoop of ice cream or sorbet, invert onto plate. Pour sauce over and serve.nOptional Sauces:nSliced bananas mixed with some sugar and rum. Fresh fruits, raspberries, strawberries etc. Saute apples and pecans with a little sugar. Maple Syrup, rum and a squeeze of lime juice. Rum Raisin Sauce sugar and water boiled together until golden, add some cream, rum and raisins. Apricot Sauce apricot preserves heated with some water and sugar, thickened with cornstarch. Duice de Leche caramelized sugar and milk Not easy or fast to makenMilk and sugar boiled together with a vanilla bean and a pinch of baking soda for around 2 hours over very low heat, ingredients: [8 to 10 slices white bread or cinnamonraisin bread, 3 tablespoon Butter, 14 cup Sugar, Pinch Cinnamon, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk or liqueur Grand Mariner etc.], title: Quick Company Dessert, picturelink: null}, 33323: {instructions: To make the confit: Cut a slice off the top and bottom of each lemon to expose the flesh. Cutting from top to bottom and following the contours of the fruit, cut off the peel and white pith in 1inchwide strips. Scrape off any pulp adhering to the strips, but leave the pith intact. You should have several 1inch wide strips of lemon peel and pith. Cut each 1 into long strips, about 14inch by 3 inches each.nMeanwhile, boil a kettleful of water. Pour about 2 cups of the boiling water into a small saucepan, bring back to a boil, add all the lemon rind, and boil 30 seconds. Drain in a strainer and rinse under cold running water. Repeat 2 times more, using fresh boiling water each time. Combine the sugar and 2 cups of water in the saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the blanched rind and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer until tender, about 1 hour.nDrain in a strainer reserve the sweet, lemony syrup for sweetening drinks, if you like. Arrange the strips on a wire rack, using your fingers to gently spread them out so that they do not touch each other. Let cool and store in an airtight container.nTo make the crust: Cream the butter until soft and smooth in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the sugar and continue creaming until light and fluffy. Mix in the egg and the vanilla. In a separate bowl, stir together the dry ingredients. Add the dry ingredients to the mixer and mix at low speed until almost blended. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead briefly, just until the dough comes together. Form into a disk and chill at least 2 hours or overnight.nFlour a work surface. Roll out the dough 18inch thick and prick all over with a fork. Use a cutter to cut out rounds of pastry that are slightly larger in diameter than your minimuffin cups. Transfer the pastry rounds to a sheet pan and chill 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and bake until light golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nButter 2 minimuffin tins and then lay a large piece of heavy duty plastic wrap over the tin. Push the plastic wrap down into each cup this is to line it very well. Do not worry, the plastic wrap will not burn or melt in the oven. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the filling: Whip the cream cheese until light and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the sugar and mix. Mix in the eggs and vanilla, then the flour and salt. Divide the filling among the lined cups, filling each one all the way up. Bake for 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, then chill.nWhen ready to serve, cut the plastic wrap so you can remove each cup of cheesecake individually. Lift each one out of the cup and invert onto a cornmeal crust. Peel off the plastic wrap. When all the cakes have been assembled, top each one with a tiny mound of chopped lemon confit and serve., ingredients: [2 large lemons, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups polenta, or yellow cornmeal, if unavailable, 12 lemon, rind grated, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch salt, 1 pound cream cheese, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 18 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, Lemon confit, finely chopped, for garnish], title: BiteSize Cheesecakes on LemonPepperCornmeal Crusts, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 33324: {instructions: Freeze the candy bars. Combine the egg, milk and vegetable oil in a cup. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix well with a whisk. Cover and refrigerate for a few minutes while the oil heats.nHeat 4 cups of oil to 375 degrees F in a heavybottomed pot or a deepfryer. Remove the batter from the refrigerator and adjust the consistency, if necessary. Dip the chilled candy bars in the batter and gently put them into the oil. Cook only until the outside is golden. Remove the bars from the oil and drain on paper towels before serving., ingredients: [4 candy bars recommended: Snickers, Milky Way,Zero, etc, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 pinch salt, 4 cups oil, for deepfrying], title: DeepFried Candy Bars, picturelink: null}, 33325: {instructions: Combine pineapple juice, oil, soy sauce, and lime juice. Arrange tuna steaks in shallow glass pan pour juice mixture over steaks. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Remove tuna from marinade and place on grill 4 to 5 inches above medium hot coals discard marinade. Grill just until fish begins to flake easily when tested with a fork, allow 10 minutes cooking per inch of thickness, turning once during cooking. Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl stir gently, cover and refrigerate 30 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup pineapple juice, 1 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 4 6 to 8ounces tuna and halibut, 1 cup chopped fresh plums, 1 cup chopped fresh peaches, 12 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 14 cup finely chopped red pepper, 2 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoon minced fresh mint or parsley], title: Fruity Tuna and Halibut, picturelink: null}, 33326: {instructions: In a large heavy casserole pan, heat oil. Season chicken with salt and pepper and brown in pan. Remove meat to a plate. Stir in onion and peppers and cook until tender. Stir in bay leaf and sausage and cook until sausage is browned. Stir in rice and cook for 2 minutes. Return chicken to pan. Pour in chicken stock and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, cover cook for 20 to 30 minutes over medium heat. When rice is nearly done, add extra water if necessary, and stir in clams, mussels and shrimp. Cook for 10 more minutes and stir in peas. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 chicken legs with skin, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped green pepper, 12 cup chopped red pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 links spicy sausage, sliced, 2 cups chopped canned tomatoes, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 cups rice, 5 cups chicken stock, 6 clams, scrubbed and soaked in cold water to remove sand, 6 mussels, scrubbed, 6 shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed], title: Easy Paella, picturelink: null}, 33327: {instructions: Destem and deseed the habanero peppers and mince finely. It is recommended that habaneros be handled with disposable plastic gloves. Do not touch eyes or other sensitive areas until you wash hands and utensils well.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. In a medium bowl, mix the sugar and spices well, breaking up any lumps of sugar. With a mixer or whisk, blend the pumpkin into the sugar and spice mixture. Beat eggs separately, then add to the pumpkin mixture along with the evaporated milk and vanilla. Blend well.nBlend the minced habanero peppers into pumpkin mixture evenly. Pour into a 9inch pie crust and place in oven. A pie skirt may be place underneath to catch spills.nBake at 425 degrees for 20 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 375 degrees, and continue baking for 40 to 45 minutes, until set and evenly browned. Cool completely on a rack before serving.nServing this pie with plenty of whipped cream will contrast well with the heat. This recipe may be varied by adding 12teaspoon nutmeg. Also, instead of vanilla extract, maple flavoring or cinnamon extract may be substituted., ingredients: [2 minced fresh habanero peppers, 12 cup brown or maple sugar, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 15 ounce can pumpkin, 2 eggs, 1 12ounce can evaporated skim milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 9inch pie crust], title: Hot Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 33328: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 4inch tart pans, a pastry bagnFor the pate sablee tart crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCream together the butter, sugar and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix in the eggs, one at a time, scraping the bowl after each addition. Add the flour and mix on low speed until just incorporated.nOn a flourdusted work surface, roll out the dough to a 14inch thickness, and then cut into 6inch circles. Line eight 4inch tart pans with the pastry and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPrick the bottom of the chilled tart shells with a fork. Bake until the shells are an even golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool completely before filling.nFor the mascarpone cream cheese filling: Cream together the mascarpone and cream cheese in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment.nAdd the cream, confectioners sugar and salt and continue beating until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes.nOnce the filling is smooth, add the lemon zest and candied ginger and mix to combine. Transfer the filling to a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip.nFor the sugarroasted summer squash: Once the tart shells are out of the oven, raise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nWith a mandolin, thinly slice the squash into disks.nCombine the sugar and fivespice powder in a large bowl. Add the sliced squash and toss to coat.nPlace the sugarcoated squash on parchmentlined baking sheets, leaving some space between each slice.nRoast until the squash is beginning to brown at the edges and the sugar is starting to caramelize, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature.nTo assemble: Fill the cooled tart shells with the filling. Decoratively arrange the cooled squash slices on top. If desired, use a kitchen torch to caramelize the edges of the squash., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 3 12 cups flour, plus for dusting work surface, 12 cup mascarpone, 8 ounces cream cheese, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar, Pinch salt, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped candied ginger, 4 yellow squash, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder], title: Summer Squash Tart with Mascarpone Cream Cheese Filling, picturelink: wxiE9dPoZhygu8zPnl0bzcNYPKR8Fm2}, 33329: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a shallow roasting pan with nonstick cooking spray.nSeason chicken all over with salt and black pepper and place in prepared pan. Brush mustard all over tops of chicken. Then spread with goat cheese. Place macadamia nuts in a plastic bag and smash with the flat side of a meat mallet or bottom of a heavy skillet until finely crushed. Sprinkle nuts over goat cheese. Cover pan with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake 5 to 10 more minutes, until cheese is golden brown and chicken is cooked through.nWhile chicken is baking, cook couscous according to package directions. Fluff with a fork, and stir in pimentos, parsley and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nServe half of the chicken and all of the couscous. Reserve remaining chicken for the chopped salad, if desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup honey mustard, 6 ounces soft goat cheese, 1 cup macadamia nuts, 1 cup couscous, 14 cup diced pimentos, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Roasted Chicken with Goat CheeseMacadamia Nut Crust and ParsleyPimento Couscous, picturelink: 8T0HUJP.fKX57cTBS00qj6Cid7tiMV6}, 33330: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToast the walnuts until golden brown and fragrant, about 6 minutes. Let cool, then chop about half of the nuts you should have about 12 cup chopped. Pulse the remaining nuts in the food processor until finely ground about 14 cup ground.nStir the flour, baking powder, salt and nuts together in a medium bowl. Set aside.nIn another medium bowl, beat the butter, sugar, egg yolk, brandy and vanilla extract together with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until the mixture gets light and fluffy, about 10 minutes.nAt low speed, stir in the nut mixture to make a crumbly dough. Cover the bowl and set dough aside at room temperature for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment or coat with nonstick spray.nWith a tablespoon, scoop out 1inch pieces of dough and roll into balls between the palms of your hands. Pinch the ends of the balls to make a football shape. Place the cookies on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies set and start to brown, about 18 minutes.nRemove cookies from the oven and immediately sprinkle them lightly with the orange water. If you dont have a brush, simply dip your fingers into the water and flick it over the cookies a few times. Take care not to douse them, just enough for them to carry the scent of flowers.nPut the confectioners sugar in a bag, and add 5 to 6 of the warm cookies to it. Very gently toss the cookies to coat with sugar. Remove them from the bag and cool cookies on a rack. Repeat with remaining cookies. Serve.nBusy bakers tips: Dough can be frozen for up to 2 weeks. Store baked cookies in an airtight container for up to 1 week. Baked cookies can be wrapped in plastic, then aluminum foil, for up to 2 weeks. To serve, let cookies come to room temperature before dusting with confectioners sugar.nCooks Note: If you cant find orange flower water, try specialty stores or online.nCopyright c 2007 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [34 cup walnuts, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons orange flower water, 34 cup confectioners sugar], title: Kourabiedes Greece: Walnut Sugar Cookies, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 33331: {instructions: Special equipment: two 8inch round cake pansnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of two 8inch round cake pans. Cut two 8inch circles out of parchment paper and line the bottoms of the cake pans with the parchment.nStir together the butter, sugar, vanilla and eggs in a medium bowl. In another bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, salt and baking powder. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and stir until just combined. Stir in 1 cup of the regular chocolate chips and divide the batter between the prepared pans, smoothing the tops. Bake until a crust begins to form around the edges, the edges pull away from the pan and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, halve the candy chews lengthwise. Use your fingers to shape each half into a teardrop shape for the reindeers ears and set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons of the remaining regular chocolate chips in a heatproof bowl in a microwave in 20 second intervals.nUse a dab of the melted chocolate to stick a red candycoated chocolate onto each of the vanilla wafers to make noses and set aside.nCut each mini marshmallow in half crosswise. Insert one mini chocolate chip, pointedside down, into the flat, cut side of each marshmallow piece to make eyes and set aside.nAs soon as the brownies come out of the oven, sprinkle the top of each brownie round evenly with half of the remaining regular chocolate chips 7 tablespoons each and let stand until the chips melt, about 5 minutes. Spread the chocolate evenly over the top of the brownies with a spatula.nLet the brownies cool fully in the pans on cooling racks, about 1 hour. Cut each circle into 8 equal triangles with a knife. Use a small offset spatula or pie server to lift each triangle out of the pan.nTo assemble: Arrange the brownies so that the longest, sharpest point faces you and gently press a cookienose on that point of each brownie. To make antlers: Using the tip of a paring knife or a skewer, poke two small holes in the top side of each brownie, about 12 inch from the corners, and insert a mini candy cane in each hole.nFor the ears, press a piece of candy chew on each corner below the candy cane antlersnPress 2 of the mini marshmallow eyes next to each other in the center of each brownie., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing the pans, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 cups regular semisweet chocolate chips about 12 ounces, 16 small chocolateflavored candy chews, such as Tootsie Rolls, 16 red or brown candycoated chocolates, such as MMs, 16 mini vanilla wafer cookies, 16 mini marshmallows, 32 mini semisweet chocolate chips about 1 teaspoon, 32 mini peppermint candy canes about 2 12 inches long], title: Christmas Reindeer Brownies, picturelink: null}, 33332: {instructions: For the marinade: In a small bowl, whisk together marinade ingredients. Pour into large resealable plastic bag and add swordfish. Seal and shake bag to completely coat steaks. Put in refrigerator and let marinate for at least 1 hour, turning occasionally.nFor the salsa: Chop drained fruit into small pieces. Combine the fruit and remaining ingredients in a bowl and place in refrigerator to let flavors meld while fish is marinating.nIn a large skillet heat canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Remove fish from marinade, pat dry and cook until done, about 5 minutes per side.nServe topped with salsa., ingredients: [14 cup mango nectar, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 30ounce can tropical fruit salad, drained, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 12 lime, juiced, 12 small jalapeno, seeded and minced, Kosher salt, 4 6 to 8ounce swordfish steaks, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Mango Marinated Seared Swordfish with Tropical Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33333: {instructions: Heat some butter in a nonstick skillet. Lightly dust the scallops with flour on one side only shake off excess. When hot, add the scallops, floured side down, and saute, over moderate high heat, without moving for 2 to 3 minutes or until one side develops a crust. Put a lid on the scallops to help finish steaming the top or, if the heat is high enough, the scallops will cook from the bottom through to the top. Lightly season with salt and pepper.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet. When hot add the cabbage and garlic and saute for a few minutes just long enough to wilt it down. You may need to add a touch of water to help it wilt down. Remove from heat and add white wine to taste. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, pile some cabbage in the center of a plate and top the plate with scallops, putting the browned side up. Garnish with parsley if you wish., ingredients: [12 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons or so of flour for dusting, 1 14 pounds scallops. trimmed of their foot, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Small red cabbage, cut into long strips, Garlic clove, minced, 12 tablespoons dry white wine or white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Scallops with a Saute of Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 33334: {instructions: Boil 2 12 cups water and 1 cup sugar, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then remove from the heat and add 23 cup lime juice, 13 cup tequila, 5 tablespoons triple sec and 14 teaspoon salt. Let cool, then stir in 2 teaspoons grated lime zest and pour into a small glass baking dish cover and freeze for about 4 hours before scraping with a fork. For the full effect, dip the rims of the serving bowls in equal parts sugar and kosher salt, and a pinch of lime zest. Garnish with lime slices.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [], title: Margranita, picturelink: HV2M1L.3Y3FKcdkShpMP.mfVjVhKHFO}, 33335: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFill a large bowl with ice water and set asidenBring a medium pot of water to boil and submerge the collard greens until they wilt slightly and brighten in color, about 1 minute. Quickly drain in a colander, or remove with tongs, and place directly in the ice bath for a few moments, then remove and strain again. Chop any remaining large pieces a bit more and place in a medium mixing bowl. Add the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, butter, garlic, lemon juice and some salt and pepper and fold together. Spoon the mixture evenly over the 6 oysters and place on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove and top with the crumbled bacon., ingredients: [6 cups fresh collard greens, roughly chopped, 14 cup homemade or storebought breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Juice of one lemon, Salt and Pepper, 6 fresh oysters, shucked and left in the halfshell, 2 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled], title: Oysters Southerfella, picturelink: null}, 33336: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine crabmeat, mayonnaise, Puttanesca Sauce, green onions, and Dijon mustard. Toss gently to combine.nSpoon crab mixture into halved melons and serve.nHeat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, olives, capers, anchovy paste, salt, and red pepper flakes and stir to combine. Add the wine and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound fresh jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over to remove any shells, 14 cup light mayonnaise, 14 cup Puttanesca Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onions, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 honeydew melons, halved and seeded, bottoms trimmed so melon sits flat on plate, 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 cup pitted Greek kalamata olives, halved, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup red wine optional], title: Crabmeat Salad in Halved Honedew Melons, picturelink: null}, 33337: {instructions: Pour coffee into a warmed Irish coffee glass mugnAdd sugar to taste, stir to dissolvenAdd Bushmills Original Irish WhiskeynTop with slightly whipped cream, poured gently over the back of a spoon, ingredients: [1.5 oz. Bushmills Original Irish Whiskey, 3 oz. hot coffee, 1 tsp. sugar, 1 tsp. heavy cream], title: Bushmills Irish Coffee, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 33338: {instructions: Heat 1 12 to 2 inches oil in a deep frying pan over medium heat to 325 F degrees. Cut potatoes into thin slices lengthwise. Cut each slice into thin shoestring strips. Place cut potatoes on paper towels. Place 2 generous handfuls of potatoes at a time into hot oil, in 2 batches. Par cook the potatoes 2 minutes and transfer to a towel lined plate. Raise heat to medium high up to 375 degrees F. Allow oil to rise to a higher temperature, 3 to 5 minutes. Return potatoes to oil in 2 batches to crisp them, cooking them to a deep, golden brown color, another 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Remove potatoes from oil to clean towels to drain. Season with fine salt and serve.nFor steaks, heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add a little oil to the pan, 1 turn. Season steaks with salt and pepper. Place steaks in skillet and sear 2 minutes on each side. Reduce heat to medium and cook steaks 6 minutes longer for medium rare, 8 for medium to medium well. Remove steaks to a warm plate to rest. Add 2 tablespoons butter and the shallots to the pan. Cook shallots 2 or 3 minutes, add flour to the pan and cook a minute longer. Whisk wine into pan and lift pan drippings up. Add the last tablespoon of butter and remove the pan from the heat. Spoon wine and shallot sauce over the steaks and serve with hot, shoestring potatoes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil for frying, 3 medium russet potatoes, scrubbed and dried, Fine salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 4 NY strip steaks, 34 inch thick, 10 to 12 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry red wine], title: Steak Frites, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 33339: {instructions: Whisk together the apple cider vinegar, honey, lime juice, buttermilk, cilantro, garlic and salt and pepper, to taste, together in a small bowl.nAdd the romaine, green onions, black beans, tomatoes, corn, radishes, and bell peppers to a large salad bowl. Add the dressing, toss and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 lime, juiced, 13 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 romaine hearts finely chopped, 1 bunch green onions, sliced, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in 12, 1 cup corn kernels, defrosted if frozen, 4 red radishes, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped], title: Ginas Fiesta Salad, picturelink: null}, 33340: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 10 by 13inch pan with parchment paper set aside. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil, and remove from heat. Combine 1 12 sticks of butter and 6 ounces of chocolate in a small heatproof bowl set over saucepan. Let stand, stirring occasionally, until chocolate is melted and smooth.nWhisk the eggs together in a large bowl add salt, sugars, and vanilla stir to combine. Stir in the butter and chocolate mixture, then fold in flour. Pour the batter into prepared pan, spreading evenly. Bake until top is shiny, about 20 minutes. Do not over bake a cake tester should not come out clean.nLet cool completely on a wire rack. Store in an airtight container overnight. The next day, loosen corners of brownie. Invert onto a cutting board, and remove parchment. Trim about 14inch from each edge.nPlace a sheet of parchment paper in same baking pan, allowing excess to overhang the edges of pan. Return brownie to pan, top side up set aside.nMeanwhile, working quickly, scoop 2 pints of the ice cream into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat the ice cream until soft and smooth, but not melted. Using a rubber spatula, transfer the ice cream to brownie pan, spread evenly. Transfer to freezer. Repeat process with the remaining 2 pints of ice cream, adding a second layer of ice cream. Freeze at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nBring a medium saucepan with 2 inches of water to a boil. Remove from heat. Place the remaining 40 ounces of chocolate and 2 tablespoons butter in a heatproof and set over water. Stir until melted and smooth.nSet a wire rack over a baking sheet set aside. Remove pan from freezer Using the edges of the parchment paper, remove brownie from pan, and place on a cutting board. Dip a sharp knife in hot water, wiping to remove excess. Working quickly, trim 14inch from edges. Cut brownie into 12 2 14 by 4 14inch bars, and place on prepared wire rack.nLadle chocolate and butter mixture over bars, working from front to back. Cover as much of the ice cream as you can. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. The bars may be stored in the freezer, in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [14 tablespoons 1 34 sticks unsalted butter, 46 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 4 pints vanilla ice cream], title: Ice Cream Brownie Bars, picturelink: null}, 33341: {instructions: Combine one 12ounce can thawed frozen pink lemonade concentrate, 12 cup water and 12 torn basil leaves in a medium skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, about 10 minutes. Stir in 8 more torn basil leaves let cool, then strain. Add seltzer.nFor each drink, combine 2 to 4 tablespoons flavored syrup with 1 cup cold seltzer in an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Basil Lemonade, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 33342: {instructions: In a medium size saucepan, rub the inside with the garlic clove. Repeat with the ginger.nOn medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the shiitakes and shallots. Season and add the wine. Bring to a simmer.nMeanwhile, have the cheese and cornstarch already tossed together in a resealable plastic bag. Add the cheese mix to the wine, and stir to incorporate. Add the thyme and taste. Break bread, dip, chew, swallow, yumyum. Wash down with wine., ingredients: [1 large clove garlic, split in half, 1 small ginger root, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups sliced shiitakes, 2 minced shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups white wine, 12 pound shredded Gruyere, 12 pound shredded Emmenthal, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 country boule or baguette], title: Shiitake Fondue, picturelink: null}, 33343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inch springform cake pan with foil.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter with all but 14 cup of the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, and beat the mixture until combined well. Stir in the chocolate, almonds, cognac, potato starch, cinnamon and salt.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites until they are foamy. Add the remaining sugar, a little at a time, and beat the whites until they form soft peaks. Stir 14 of the whites into the batter and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 40 minutes, or until puffed and still slightly loose in the center Transfer to a rack to cool completely.nTo unmold: release the sides from the pan and peel back foil. Invert cake onto a plate and carefully peel off foil from bottom of cake. Invert cake onto a serving plate and dust top with confectioners sugar.nSuggested Wine: Limoncello, ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate Callebaut, grated fine, 5 ounces finely ground blanched almonds, 2 tablespoons Cognac or brandy, 1 12 tablespoons potato starch, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, A pinch of salt, Sifted confectioners sugar for garnish, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 pound sugar, 5 large eggs, separated], title: Torta Caprese Chocolate Almond Cake, picturelink: null}, 33344: {instructions: COMBINE ingredients in 2qt. microwaveable bowl.nMICROWAVE on HIGH 8 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted and mixture is well blended, stirring every 2 min.nSERVE with assorted cutup fresh vegetables or your favorite NABISCO Crackers., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 can 10 oz. ROTEL Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 1 container 8 oz. BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN Sour Cream, 1 cup KRAFT Ranch Dressing], title: VELVEETA Zesty Ranch Dip, picturelink: WdOb66o1MbGLfqv3GDiZJH0uBl3hom.}, 33345: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the dough into 8 equal pieces. On a floured surface, lightly flour your rolling pin, roll out 1 piece of dough into a 4inch circle. Repeat with the remaining dough. Place on parchment lined baking sheets.nTo make almond meal, grind the almonds in a food processor, just until fine, being careful that the meal does not turn to paste. Turn the meal out into a medium bowl and add sugar, eggs, and lemon zest with a wooden spoon.nCut each pear in half and remove the core. Cut each half into 5 or 6 thin wedges. Divide the filling evenly over the tarts, leaving a small border around the edges. Arrange the pears in a circular pattern on the filling. Sprinkle the sugar over the pears. Bake until the pears are lightly caramelized, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread the nuts on a baking tray and toast until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool and coarsely grind in a food processor. Do not grind too fine. Transfer to a medium bowl and combine with the flour. Set aside.nIn an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, combine the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg and the zest. Add the flournut mixture and mix to combine. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead into a ball. Flatten the ball, making a small round, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or until needed.nYield: about 2 14 pounds, ingredients: [12 recipe Almond Pate Sucre, recipe follows, 1 cup blanched almonds, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 12 pounds pears, 4 teaspoons crystallized sugar, 34 cup whole unblanched almonds, 3 13 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 12 ounces 1 12 cups unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon lemon zest], title: PearAlmond Tart, picturelink: null}, 33346: {instructions: Special equipment: a meat grindernPlace the grinder attachments and the pork shoulder, brisket and sirloin in the freezer. Chill until the meat is very cold but not yet frozen.nFor the andouille blend: With a meat grinder, grind the chilled pork using the No. 2 dial. Transfer to a mixing bowl with the smoked paprika, sweet paprika, garlic, chili powder, salt, cumin, black pepper, crushed red pepper and cayenne. Mix well, then place in fridge to firm up.nFor the vegetables: Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery, onions and a pinch of salt. Saute until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant but not yet browned, 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven or a grill to 350 degrees F.nFor the brisket meatloaf blend: Grind the chilled brisket and sirloin using the No. 2 dial. Add to a large mixing bowl.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. Add the breadcrumbs and let soak. Add the breadcrumb mixture to the bowl with the brisket and sirloin. Add the cooled sauteed vegetables and the ketchup, 2 tablespoons BBQ sauce, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, mustard powder, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Mix thoroughly, being careful not to overwork.nPlace a large sheet of foil at least 24 inches on a cutting board. Place the meatloaf blend on the foil and press into a roughly 8by12by1inch rectangle. With your hands, roll the andouille blend into a cylinder the width lengthwise of the meatloaf. Place the cylinder on the meatloaf rectangle and form so the ends are flush with the sides of the rectangle. Starting from one of the long edges, roll the meatloaf over the andouille to encase it completely press firmly to seal. Roll up the foil and seal by twisting the ends.nTransfer the meatloaf to a baking sheet. Bake on the center oven rack for 1 hour. Peel back the foil, spoon the 14 cup BBQ sauce over the top of the meatloaf, and return to the oven, uncovered. Cook for another 30 minutes so the meatloaf gets a nice crust and turns brown on the outside.nTo serve, slice into thick medallions and serve with extra BBQ sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 pound untrimmed pork shoulder, cut into large strips, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 34 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup finely diced carrot, 12 cup finely diced celery, 12 cup finely diced sweet onion, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 12 pounds trimmed brisket, cut into large strips, 1 12 pounds trimmed sirloin, cut into large strips, 2 eggs, beaten, 34 cup milk, 2 cups large fresh breadcrumbs, from a Pullman loaf see Cooks Note, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons jarred Guy Fieri BourbonBrown Sugar BBQ Sauce, plus extra for serving, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Andouille Brisket Meatloaf, picturelink: Sp3va1vz6aRX8VDJgO3scf3LWhRvMO}, 33347: {instructions: Whisk the flour, lemonpepper seasoning, granulated garlic, baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Whisk in 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, then 12 to 34 cup ice water to make a smooth batter. Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the tartar sauce: Whisk the mayonnaise, pickle relish, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl.nHeat 4 to 6 inches of vegetable oil in a deep pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees.nCut the fish into 8 pieces, about 1 12 by 4 12 inches. Thread each piece of fish onto a long wooden skewer. Season generously with salt and pepper.nDip the fish into the batter, turning to coat let the excess drip off. Carefully place the fish skewers and all in the hot oil. Fry, turning as needed with tongs, until golden and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels season with salt. Serve with the tartar sauce and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon lemonpepper seasoning, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for deepfrying, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sweet pickle relish, Juice of 12 lemon, plus lemon wedges for serving, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound walleye fillets], title: Walleye on a Stick, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 33348: {instructions: Beat the egg, add oil and beat again. Add remaining ingredients and stir. Reserve 34 cup for basting during grilling.nUse the remaining sauce to marinade meat for at least an hourbetter yet if marinated overnight. Grill as you normally would for whatever meat that you use, basting every five minutes or so., ingredients: [12 cup cooking oil, 1 cup vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons poultryseasoning, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 egg], title: Festival Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33349: {instructions: Combine greens and basil on a platter. Top with arrangement of shredded carrots and peas. Combine shallots and vinegar and let stand 5 to 10 minutes. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil to combine. Drizzle dressing evenly over the salad and season with salt and pepper. Serve with Ham Steaks.nHeat a large skillet, with olive oil. Add the ham steaks and heat through, 1 to 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 sack mixed baby greens, 20 leaves fresh basil, shredded or torn, 2 cups shredded carrots, 1 cup frozen baby peas, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, Ham Steaks, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 large ham steaks, cut in halves], title: Peas and Carrots Spring Salad, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 33350: {instructions: Combine lima beans, garlic, and 12 cup salted water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until beans are very soft, about 15 minutesnCoarsely puree beans and garlic in a food processor. Transfer to a small bowl and gradually beat in olive oil. Remove zest from lemon with a zester or use a vegetable peeler, then finely julienne zest. Add lemon juice to taste, then season with salt and pepper. Serve in a small bowl with countrystyle bread on the side  or toast the bread and top with lima mash, drizzle with a little olive oil and top with additional lemon zest., ingredients: [2 cups fresh or frozen baby lima beans, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced, Salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, Countrystyle bread, cut into small pieces], title: Lima Mash with Lemon and Olive Oil, picturelink: null}, 33351: {instructions: In a large covered pot, heat a gallon of water with a tablespoon of salt to a boil. When it boils, add the pasta, stir well, and cover until it returns to the boil. Uncover and boil until just tender to the bite all the way through.nMeanwhile, make the sauce. In a skillet with a lid large enough to hold the pasta later on, heat the oil over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and slowly cook, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the clams with their juice, wine, tomatoes, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper, to taste, keeping in mind that the clams are quite salty. Stir, reduce the heat to a simmer, and simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nReserving 12 cup cooking water, drain the pasta in a colander. Add the drained pasta, parsley, butter, and salt and pepper to taste to the sauce and mix well, adding a few tablespoons of pasta cooking water if needed to coat the pasta evenly. Cover and cook 1 minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 pound dried spaghetti or linguine, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled, 2 6ounce cans chopped clams, with their juice, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup milled or crushed canned Italian plum tomatoes, 14 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, Chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter], title: Spaghetti with Brooklyn Red Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33352: {instructions: Special equipment: a nonstick silicone liner a candy thermometernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a nonstick silicone liner and coat it with cooking spray. Set aside.nOn another baking sheet, roast the hazelnuts until fragrant, 10 minutes. Remove them to a plate.nCombine the butter, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil, whisking until melted. Cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture registers 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Immediately remove from the heat and stir in the hazelnuts. Pour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet and smooth with an offset spatula. Let dry for about 1 12 minutes, then scatter the chocolate chips on top. As they melt, spread the chocolate to the outer edges of the toffee with an offset spatula. Sprinkle with sea salt and freeze until set, about 30 minutes. Peel the toffee away from the silicone liner and transfer to a cutting board. Cut into pieces with a sharp knife. The toffee will keep, tightly covered, up to 1 week., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups hazelnuts, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup dark chocolate chips, Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted Hazelnut Toffee, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 33353: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the chili powder, brown sugar, dark chocolate, and coffee in a shallow dish. Coat the pork tenderloin with the mustard, then roll it into the chili powder mixture, coating well. Pat down to make sure the spices stick to the pork.nAdd the oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until smoking. Quickly sear the pork all over to get a golden brown color, turning constantly so the meat doesnt burn.nPut the pork loin on a baking sheet and roast in the preheated oven until required doneness is reached, about or 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the loin from the baking sheet to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes.nIf needed, add a little more oil to the same skillet that was used to sear the pork. Heat the oil over low heat and stir in the onion. Saute the onion until soft, then add the chicken stock, root beer and apple juice. Simmer until the mixture is reduced to 12 the volume. Add the sour cream and stir until well combined.nRemove from the heat and stir in the butter. The sauce should be thick and glossy. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. If the sauce is a little spicy, more sugar can be added.nSlice the pork into medallions and transfer to a serving platter. Serve with the root beer sauce on the side. Enjoy., ingredients: [3 teaspoons ancho chili powder, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 3 teaspoons grated dark chocolate, 2 teaspoons ground coffee, 1 2 to 3pound pork loin, 3 teaspoons stoneground mustard, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus more if needed, 1 white onion, diced, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 cup root beer, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Root Beer Reduction, picturelink: null}, 33354: {instructions: In a small glass bowl, combine all the ingredients for the salsa and toss together gently. Cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours before using. In a large heavy skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the plantains with their flat sides down and saute for about 2 minutes, or until slightly softened but not brown. Turn to the other side, add the oregano, leeks and parsnips, cover the pan and cook until all the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer the vegetables to a food processor and puree until smooth, pulsing the machine and scraping down the sides of the machine as necessary. Add 2 cups of the chicken stock, puree to mix, and transfer the mixture to a medium saucepan. Whisk in the remaining chicken stock and the milk, add the lemon juice, and place the pan over medium high heat. When the soup comes to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover the pan and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the salt and pepper. Serve in shallow soup bowls, garnished with a dollop of the salsa., ingredients: [12 cup diced fresh pineapple, 1 blood orange, peel and pith removed, cut into supremes and diced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large ripe plantains, peeled and sliced on the diagonal into 1 12 inch pieces, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 2 leeks, white parts only, well rinsed and finely sliced, 2 medium parsnips, peeled and finely chopped, 3 cups chicken stock, 3 cups milk, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Plantain Soup with Pineapple Blood Orange Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33355: {instructions: Early in the day, rinse pork loin to remove any unwanted smells and pat dry with paper toweling. In a large saute pan, heat the oil and sear the pork loin on all sides. Remove pork to a utility platter and coat liberally with mustard, then roll in Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning. Leave refrigerated for a couple of hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan, bring the 5 cups vegetable stock for the rice to a boil and then reduce heat to a simmer. Transfer the pork loin to a covered roasting pan and slowly roast in the oven until fork tender, about 45 minutes. Allow pork loin to rest for 8 to 10 minutes before slicing.nWhile the pork is in the oven, in another large saucepan or rondelle, heat the grapeseed oil and saute the chopped onion gently until translucent. Add the Arborio rice and using a wooden spoon stir to coat the rice with oil and to toast the rice in the pan. Add the white wine, bay leaves, and saffron and continue to stir to avoid sticking. Begin slowly adding the now hot vegetable broth, 1 ladle at a time, to the rice pan, stirring occasionally. This will bring out the starch in the rice. As the mixture absorbs the broth, ladle more into the pot. When all of the broth has been ladled into the rice pot, slowly simmer until rice begins to soften. Reduce the heat and gently stir in the chives, Parmesan, and crabmeat, trying not to break up the lumps of crab. Remove from heat when it is slightly undercooked and set aside. Rice will continue to cook in covered pot.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a saute pan and cook the red, yellow and green bell peppers and onion until al dente. Add the red wine and let it reduce by half. Pour in 12 cup vegetable stock and let reduce again. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Remove pan from heat and whisk in butter to finish sauce.nPlace crab risotto in the middle of serving plate, place pork slices over the risotto and cover with a little sauce. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 4pound pork loin, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 cup stoneground mustard, 12 cup Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, 5 cups vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 white onions, diced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 2 bay leaves, Large pinch saffron, Small bunch chopped garlic chives, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound colossal crabmeat, picked for shells, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 1 green bell pepper finely diced, 1 small white onion, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup vegetable stock, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup stick butter 4 tablespoons or 12 stick, cut into cubes, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Tenderloin of Pork Hongroise with Crab Risotto and TriPepper Sauce, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 33356: {instructions: Pistou: Make the pistou within an hour of cooking the salmon, if made sooner it will lose color. Bring 2 quarts of water to a rapid boil with 2 tablespoons of salt, plunge in the basil leaves, and stir them around with a wooden spoon, leaving them in the water for no more than 2 seconds. Drain in a colander and immediately cool by rinsing them in cold water.nCombine the basil, garlic, 12 cup of water in a blender and puree for 1 minute, until smooth. Transfer the basil mixture to a bowl and gently work in the olive oil with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and pepper.nJust before sauteing the salmon, gently heat the pistou mixture in a saucepan while stirring. Dont allow the pistou mixture to come to a boil.nSalmon: Season the salmon liberally on both sides with salt and pepper and let sit in refrigerator for between 30 minutes and 4 hours. Remove from refrigerator, pat dry, and sprinkle top and bottom with the chopped herbs. Press the herbs onto the salmon to help them adhere.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick pan just large enough to hold the salmon, until the oil ripples and barely begins to smoke. Place fillets skinside down in the pan first. Saute over high heat for 3 to 5 minutes on the first side, turn them over with a spatula, and saute for 2 to 3 minutes on the second side. If the salmon starts to brown or the oil smokes, turn the heat down to medium. Cooking time should be 8 to 10 minutes per inch of total thickness depending on how you like your salmon done. The salmon should spend more time sauteeing on the first side the eventual presentation side so that youre sure to end up with a savory golden crust or crisp skin.nRemove salmon from pan with spatula and pat dry on both sides with a paper towel to eliminate fat. Transfer fillets to heated plates. Wipe out the hot saute pan and add in the chopped or quartered tomatoes, stirring them just long enough to warm them. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle the pistou over and around each piece of salmon and spoon the warmed tomatoes over just before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons salt, 1 tightly packed cup washed and spun dry basil leaves from 1 large bunch basil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped fine and crushed to a paste with side of chefs knife, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6 to 8 ounce, 1inch thick salmon fillets, skin and pin bones removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 tablespoons fresh marjoram leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 12 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 4 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded, chopped fine, or 2 cups assorted cherry tomatoes, quartered], title: HerbCrusted Sauteed Salmon Fillets with Pistou, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 33357: {instructions: Split the vanilla bean and scrape out the seeds, set aside.nIn a bowl over simmering water, whisk together the eggs, sugar and vanilla bean seeds. Keep whisking until a ribbon is formed and the mixture has been heated to 140 degrees. Hold it at this temperature for 23 minutes, and allow the mixture to thicken. Stir this mixture into the milk. Stir in the cinnamon.nRefrigerate this for 2 hours or until cold. Whip the cream and add it to the egg mixture. Sprinkle the top with the mace before serving., ingredients: [12 vanilla bean, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups cream, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Ground mace, to taste], title: Eggnog, picturelink: null}, 33358: {instructions: To make the rajas: Place the poblano chiles over an open flame or under a broiler and char all sides. When charred, remove from fire and place in a plastic bag for 20 minutes. Remove the chiles from the bag and scrape off the charred skin with a knife or rub with a towel to remove the skin. Cut a slit down the side of the pepper and remove the seeds and veins. Slice the remainder of the pepper into 12inch thick strips. Break the eggs into a mixing bowl and lightly beat with a whisk or fork. In a nonstick skillet melt butter and add the rajas. Saute for about 1 minute and add the eggs. Stir the eggs for about 1 minute, until they begin to firm up and add the scallions and goat cheese. Continue stirring until eggs are cooked to your liking. Serve inside warm flour tortillas., ingredients: [2 poblano chiles, made into rajas, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 eggs, 4 scallions, sliced thin, 3 ounces fresh goat cheese, 16 medium flour tortillas, warmed], title: Rancho Viejo Breakfast Burritos, picturelink: null}, 33359: {instructions: Heat 2 12 cups water, the butter and cardamom in a medium saucepan over medium heat just to a simmer. Add the peaches, reduce the heat to low and cook until the peaches are very tender but not falling apart, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in the liquid about 15 minutes and then drain and cool the fruit to room temperature. This can also be done a couple hours ahead and the peaches can be left in the liquid until ready to assemble.nBlend the goat cheese with the cream, honey and orange zest in a small bowl.nTo assemble, pat the peaches dry with paper towels if very wet and place 6 on a large serving plate. Top each peach with some of the cheese mixture, a sprinkle of pistachios and another peach, followed by more cheese and pistachios and a third peach. Garnish each napoleon with a drizzle of honey, some more pistachios and a light sprinkling of orange zest and sea salt, if using., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter 12 stick, 2 whole green cardamom pods or 12 stick cinnamon, 18 dried peaches about 14 ounces, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, softened, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon honey, plus extra for drizzling, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, plus extra for garnish, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pistachios, Coarse sea salt, optional], title: Peach and Goat Cheese Napoleons, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 33360: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the tomatoes, cilantro, garlic, olive oil, orange juice, and red pepper flakes in a food processor. Pulse until the ingredients are combined but still chunky. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a small bowl and serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [4 medium tomatoes, halved, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: tortilla chips], title: Spicy Tomato Salsa, picturelink: uveYoSosW351frHv8HjwBr7JRxPpIou}, 33361: {instructions: Place chopped or torn romaine in a large salad bowl. Cut fennel bulb down the center, then again, quartering it. Remove the core with angled cuts on each quarter bulb. Thinly slice quarter bulbs across and add to salad bowl. Combine romaine and fennel with parsley sprigs and red onion. Place one fingertip over the top of balsamic vinegar to control the pour and splash a few tablespoons into the bowl. Drizzle the salad generously with extravirgin olive oil and toss lightly to coat salad evenly with vinegar and oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and top salads with curls of Asiago or Parmigiano, created by shaving cheese with your knife., ingredients: [2 hearts of romaine, torn or rough cut, 1 large bulb of fennel, trimmed of fronds and tops, 14 red onion, peeled and thinly sliced, Several sprigs flatleaf parsley, Balsamic vinegar, Extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and black pepper, Asiago or Parmigiano Reggiano, shaved for garnish], title: Romaine and Fennel Salad, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 33362: {instructions: Pour bourbon and lemonade iced tea into a collins glass filled with ice.nAdd a splash of creme de menthe and stir.nServe garnished with a lemon wheel and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 part bourbon recommended: Jim Beam, 2 parts lemonade iced tea recommended: Snapple, Ice cubes, Splash white creme de menthe, Lemon wheel, for garnish, Mint sprig, for garnish], title: Back Seat Biker Bourbon Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 33363: {instructions: For the caramel topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter just the sides of a 9inch round cake pan.nStir the sugar and 13 cup water together in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Cook, no longer stirring but gently swirling the saucepan occasionally, until the mixture is amber, 6 to 8 minutes. If needed, brush any sugar crystals off the side of the pan with a pastry brush dampened with water. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and carefully whisk in the butter use caution the mixture can bubble up considerably. Pour the caramel into the prepared cake pan, tilting the pan to cover most of the bottom be careful the pan will be very hot from the caramel.nToss the rhubarb and strawberries in a medium bowl with the cornstarch, strawberry jam and a pinch of salt. Spoon on top of the caramel sauce and smooth into an even layer. Set aside.nFor the cake: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the milk and sour cream in a small bowl.nBeat the butter and sugar together with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition and scraping down the side of the bowl as needed, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the milksour cream mixture, and mixing until just incorporated.nPour the batter over the rhubarb and strawberries in the cake pan and spread evenly. Bake until the cake is golden brown, bounces back when pressed and a toothpick or cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the center, 55 to 60 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the cake to separate it from the pan. Let cool in the pan on a rack until cool enough to handle and almost room temperature, about 1 hour. Invert a serving platter over the cake pan and, while holding them together, quickly flip them over so the cake unmolds, fruitside up. Let cool completely. Cut into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 cups rhubarb, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut into 12inch pieces about 5 ounces, 1 12 cups strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced about 5 ounces, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons strawberry jam, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup milk, 14 cup sour cream, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Strawberry Rhubarb UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 33364: {instructions: Heat the oil and butter in a small nonstick frying pan. Add the onion and fry until soft, about 4 minutes.nBeat together the tomato, chile, eggs, cilantro, and salt, to taste, in a bowl. Pour the mixture into the hot frying pan and scramble as normal. Take the pan off the heat when the eggs are cooked to your taste. Transfer the eggs to a warm dish and serve with toast, if desired., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Knob butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 12 small tomato, chopped, 14 green chile or pinch red chile powder, seeded and sliced, optional, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt], title: Indian Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 33365: {instructions: Place potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Salt water and boil potatoes until tender 12 to 15 minutes.nSqueeze the water from spinach in a clean dish towel.nDrain potatoes and melt butter in the hot pot, then add the garlic and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in cream, add the spinach, separating the greens as you do. Season greens with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add potatoes to the pot and mash to desired consistency., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 boxes chopped spinach, defrosted, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup cream, Salt and pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Spinach, picturelink: null}, 33366: {instructions: Preheat the oven 375 degrees F.nWarm tortillas over your stove burner a little scorching adds to the flavor and personality set aside. Place in a tea towel or napkin to keep them warm.nIn a saute pan over medium high heat, saute the onion and garlic in the oil for 1 minute.nAdd the potato, mushrooms, and tomatoes, and cook 5 minutes. Add the asparagus and the kale and cook, tossing, for 2 minutes. Add the herbs and lime juice and season with salt and pepper.nAdd the egg whites and cook until the eggs are cooked through, approximately 3 minutes. Place 2 tablespoons of the egg mixture in lower part of each tortilla and roll them up.nFor lunch or as an appetizer, toast them in a dry saute pan over medium low heat until toasty, roll them on the other side and toast. Pop it on a plate and serve with salsa.nFor dinner, lightly spray ovenproof dish with vegetable spray and carefully place the wraps seam side down. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake on the center rack in the oven for 20 minutes or until the wraps are very hot.nServe with salsa.nRinse and seed chiles. Place in a saute pan over medium heat and toast in the oil until all are deep brown. Set aside. Place the onion, tomatoes and oregano in a saucepan with the water. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer 1 minute or until the tomatoes are soft.nStrain the cooked ingredients from the cooking liquid. Toss liquid and place the toasted chiles with a quarter of the cooked ingredients plus the garlic into a blender and puree until smooth, 10 to 12 seconds. Add cilantro and the remaining cooked ingredients and pulse until chunky. Season with salt, to taste, and set aside until ready to use. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [2 whole wheat tortillas, warmed, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 onion, julienned, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 russet potato, washed and cubed, 2 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 14 tomato, chopped, 14 pound asparagus, thinly sliced, 1 cup chopped kale, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 lime, squeezed, Sea salt and pepper, 6 egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 cup Barn Burner Chile de Arbol Salsa, recipe follows, 20 chile de arbol, toasted, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Sea salt], title: Asparagus and Egg Wrap with Barn Burner Chile de Arbol Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33367: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut squash in 12 and scrape out seeds. Spread 1 tablespoon molasses in the cavity. Season with salt and pepper. Place cut side down on a roasting pan. Cook in the oven until very soft, about 1 hour. See Chefs Notes.nLet cool to room temperature and scoop out flesh into the work bowl of a food processor.nPuree squash until smooth, then spread on a baking sheet and return to the 375 degree oven to dry, about 10 minutes. The consistency will be like mashed potatoes. Scrape into a large mixing bowl.nHeat the butter in a saucepan over mediumlow heat until it begins to brown. Immediately remove from heat and add remaining 1 tablespoon molasses and all the vinegar. Add to squash with mascarpone, Parmesan, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and mix well. The recipe can be made ahead to this point makes 2 cups filling, Cover well and refrigerate 4 hours or up to 2 days.nTo fill the raviolis: Lay out a sheet of pasta dough on a lightly floured board. Cut into circles with a 3 12 inch pastry cutter. Put 1 tablespoon squash filling in the center of 12 the rounds using either a pastry bag or a small spoon. Leave a 12inch border all around the filling. Moisten borders with water and top with remaining rounds of dough. Press all the air out and seal firmly by pressing all around with fingertips. Lay raviolis out to dry on a lightly floured board or baking sheet and lightly flour the tops. Repeat until you run out of dough andor filling. To cook, boil in lightly salted water until tender, about 3 minutes. Reserve 2 ounces of the cooking water.nUncooked, filled raviolis may be used immediately or frozen for 2 months. Lay them out on sheet pans and place in freezer until frozen. Transfer to plastic bag.nFor the Sage Brown Butter: While raviolis are cooking, in a large saute pan, melt the butter with the sage and a pinch of salt until it foams and becomes light brown. Reserve.nOn medium heat toss the cooked raviolis in the sage butter then transfer to a serving platter or dishes. Add 2 ounces of the cooking water to the pan and swirl with any residual butter. Spoon the butter sauce over the raviolis, then finish with a generous grating of Parmesan and bittersweet chocolate., ingredients: [1 small to medium butternut squash about 2 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons dark molasses, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, Ravioli dough or 34 pound sheet pasta purchased from local Italian delicatessen, Flour, for dusting board, 4 tablespoons sweet butter, 8 fresh sage leaves, 2 ounces Parmesan, for grating, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, for grating], title: Butternut Squash Ravioli with Sage Brown Butter and Bittersweet Chocolate, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 33368: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion, red pepper flakes, rosemary and pancetta, if using, and cook 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and cook 2 more minutes season with salt. Add the beans, 3 quarts water, the bay leaves and parmesan rind. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the beans are tender, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nUncover the pot and bring the mixture to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Add the kale and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 5 to 6 more minutes. The soup should be thick and creamy thin with water, if necessary.nRemove the bay leaves, parmesan rind and pancetta, if used. Add the grated parmesan, parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Top with more olive oil and parmesan.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 small onion, roughly chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 2ounce piece pancetta optional, 5 canned whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, Kosher salt, 3 pounds fresh cranberry beans in pods, shelled or 1 cup dried cranberry beans, soaked overnight, 2 bay leaves, 1 piece parmesan cheese rind, plus 12 cup grated parmesan, and more for topping, 2 cups small pasta, such as shells or ditalini, 1 bunch kale, stems and ribs discarded, leaves chopped, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Cranberry Bean Pasta Fagioli, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 33369: {instructions: Place 1 heaping teaspoon of mushroom filling in the center of 1 wonton wrapper. Wet the edges of the wonton with a little warm water. Place another wonton wrapper on top and press to seal the edges. Using a fork, crimp around the edges, if desired.nBring a large pot of boiling salted water to a boil. Cook ravioli in boiling water until they rise to the surface and are al dente. Drain.nHeat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Saute mushrooms until soft, then add garlic and continue to cook for 30 seconds. Pull the pan from the heat, add scotch, and return the pan to the burner. Cook until Scotch is evaporated. Add ravioli, chicken broth, butter, and smoked salmon and reduce slightly, until the sauce has body. Dish into 4 bowls and sprinkle with dill, green onions, and capers on top of each bowl of pasta.nMelt the butter in a heavy large saute pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and saute for 2 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the mushrooms and leave alone to caramelize, not disturbing the mushrooms while they cook. The more the mushrooms are stirred, the more moisture will be released. When the mushrooms are well browned, add in the thyme and parsley. Deglaze with vermouth and cook until the liquid has evaporated. Add chicken demiglace and reduce until dry. Toss in the porcini powder, green onions, and panko, and pull pan from the heat. Transfer to a sheet pan and let cool, uncovered. When cool, fold in the cheeses and refrigerate, covered, in a tight container until ready to use., ingredients: [Mushroom Filling, recipe follows, 16 wonton wrappers, Salt, 2 ounces olive oil, 4 ounces mushrooms of your choice, sliced, 1ounce minced garlic, 2 ounces Scotch whiskey, 16 ounces chicken broth, 2 ounces whole butter, 4 ounces smoked salmon, cut into 12inch by 1 12inch pieces, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill, 4 tablespoons green onions, cut on the bias, 2 teaspoons capers, drained, 4 ounces whole butter, 3 ounces shallots, peeled and minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 ounces oyster mushrooms, minced, 5 ounces portobello mushrooms, minced, 8 ounces button mushrooms, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 ounces dry vermouth, 2 ounces chicken demiglace or 4 ounces chicken broth, reduced by 12, 1 teaspoon porcini mushroom powder, 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, 2 ounces panko bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 3 ounces your favorite cheese or any combination], title: Wild Mushroom Ravioli, picturelink: AXkm5qx8b8cwvp9J4WT1bDJuyllMgPq}, 33370: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nHeat oil and 1 tablespoon butter over high heat in a saute pan large enough to hold both fillets. Place salmon in the pan and sear for about 1 12 minutes on each side. Transfer pan to oven and roast until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and brush with butter.nMeanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter over low heat. Add cabbage and saute over low heat for about 5 to 7 minutes. Add nuts, raisins, and seasonings and toss to combine. Place salmon fillets on a bed of the sauteed cabbage mixture and top with Salmon Mousse.nVegetable oil, for fryingn14pound salmon scrapsn12 cup heavy creamn1 eggnPinch Spanish paprikanPinch black peppernHeat about 1inch oil in a Dutch oven or large, heavy skillet with at least 2inch sides to 350 degrees F.nCombine remaining ingredients in a food processor until smooth. Scoop out a couple balls of salmon mousse and fry until golden brown. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, plus more for brushing fish, 2 6ounce salmon fillets, 1 cup chopped red cabbage, 14 cup mixed nuts, 14 cup raisins, soaked in Port, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch fresh thyme leaves, Salmon Mousse, recipe follows], title: Madidis Salmon, picturelink: null}, 33371: {instructions: Stir the gin, Campari and vermouth in a cocktail shaker with ice. Strain into an icefilled rocks glass garnish with an orange twist.nPhotograph by Jon Patterson, ingredients: [1 part gin, 1 part Campari, 1 part sweet vermouth, Orange twist, for garnish], title: Classic Negroni, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 33372: {instructions: Toss the grapefruit and orange segments, fennel, pepper strips, and onion together in a large bowl. Whisk together the oil, lime juice, lime rind, and garlic in a small bowl. Toss the dressing with the fruit mixture. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar. Sprinkle the salad with cheese, green onion, and herbs. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 red grapefruit, peeled and segmented, 1 white grapefruit, peeled and segmented, 1 orange, peeled and segmented, 1 fennel bulb, shaved, 1 roasted red bell pepper, torn into 12inch strips, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Grated rind of 1 lime, no white attached, 1 garlic clove, chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Granulated sugar, 12 cup crumbled soft goat cheese, 1 to 2 green onions, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh herbs, optional], title: Citrus, Fennel, and Pepper Salad Topped with Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 33373: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the roast:nRemove roast from packaging, rinse well. Pat completely dry, wrap with 3 layers cheesecloth. Place on a rack on a sheet pan in back of refrigerator, fat side up. After 24 hours, remove, unwrap, discard cheesecloth and wrap with a fresh piece. Place back in refrigerator for 6 to 9 days undisturbed.nRemove roast from refrigerator. Remove cheesecloth, cut away the fat and trim the ends and any discolored parts of roast.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace roast on a rack in a large, heavy roasting pan.nSpecial equipment: Space in back of refrigerator for up to 10 days .nFor the seasoning mixture:nIn a medium bowl, combine spices and mix well. Be sure to crush the larger spices well for a uniform rub. You can use mortar and pestle or large wooden end of a pounding mallet in nonglass bowl. Rub roast with olive oil, then rub with seasoning. Let rest for 20 to 30 minutes.nPrepare vegetables, make a bed in the roasting pan with the vegetables and pour in the water. Be sure to check the liquid level in the pan occasionally and add additional water, if necessary. You will need this liquid to make the au jus. Place roast on top of vegetables and place in hot oven. Roast at 450 degrees F for 40 minutes.nAfter 40 minutes, reduce heat to 275 degrees F and continue to roast for approximately 2 hours, or until internal temperature stay away from the bone while checking temp reaches 135 degrees F. Remove from oven, remove from roasting pan, loosely tent and allow to rest for 15 minutes while making the au jus.nFor the Au Jus:nStrain drippings from roasting pan, skim fat from drippings. Place roasting pan over 2 burners, heat on medium high and add in drippings, stir to deglaze, add in wine and stock, reduce by 13, about 5 minutes on steady boil, stirring occasionally. Turn off heat, add in butter. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Strain once more into serving vessel., ingredients: [Pan drippings from roast, about 1 12 cups, 34 cup red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 rib beef roast, bone in, approximately 10 to 12 pounds, 1 package cheesecloth, cut in half approximately 1 yard, 1 sheet pan, 1 roasting rack to fit in sheet pan, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 12 tablespoon dried rosemary, 4 tablespoons freshly cracked tricolor pepper, 1 12 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 12 tablespoons granulated onion, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coriander, toasted and cracked, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 carrots, washed, ends trimmed and cut into large 3inch chunks, 2 yellow onions, peeled and quartered, 2 cups water], title: Dry Aged Prime Rib Roast, picturelink: UoEXfmLWJ4O.sYPbK47Wo21msp2MCG}, 33374: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add onions and saute until softened, approximately 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add thyme, zucchini, squash, and mushrooms. Saute for 5 to 10 minutes. Add garlic and stir. Add tomatoes, stock, and garbanzo beans. Let simmer for 5 to 10 minutes. Add more stock if dry. Add 14 cup parsley, red wine vinegar, and basil. Taste and adjust seasonings.nAdd the raisins and remaining parsley to the prepared couscous, and stir to combine. Plate couscous and spoon stew over the top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 3 zucchini, cut into 34inch cubes, 3 yellow squash, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 pound mushrooms, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 tomatoes, peeled and diced, or 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 3 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 19ounce can garbanzo beans, 14 cup chopped parsley, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, 2 cups couscous, prepared according to package instructions, 12 cup raisins, soaked in boiling water for 5 minutes and drained], title: Vegetable Couscous Stew, picturelink: 12IFj0URBfArxveeewQR3GkG8b2e7u}, 33375: {instructions: Twist off the stems from the apples and push a Popsicle stick down into the core. Put the apples in the fridge while preparing the chocolate theyll coat better if theyre cold.nSlowly melt the chocolate in a double boiler over hot water or in a microwave set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time to smooth it out. Remove from the heat and stir until completely melted and warm, not hot. Dunk each apple into the chocolate, allowing the excess to drip back into the bowl. Roll the apples around in the chocolate, turning with the stick, so its coated all the way up to the top. Use a spoon to baste any hard to get spots.nPut the desired coating in a separate bowl and roll the dipped apple around so it is completely covered. Set the chocolate dipped apples on a cookie sheet lined with wax paper. Refrigerate until the chocolate is set., ingredients: [6 medium sweettart apples, such as Braeburn, Fuji, or Gala, Popsicle sticks, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, cut into chunks, 1 cup M  Ms, chopped pistachios, shredded coconut, toffee pieces, or crushed Oreos], title: Chocolate Covered Apples, picturelink: null}, 33376: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the red wine, beef stock, brandy, onion, carrots, garlic, parsley stems, thyme, rosemary, peppercorns, cloves, allspice, and bay leaf. Stir well to blend. Add the beef, and stir. Refrigerate, covered, overnight.nThe next day drain the beef, reserving the marinade and vegetables separately. Pat the beef dry with towels, and season it well with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 275 degrees.nCut the slab bacon the long way into 14inchthick slices then cut these slices into lardons that are 12inch long. Cover the lardons with cold water, bring to a boil, turn down the heat, and simmer for 3 minutes. Remove the lardons and reserving.nAdd 2 tablespoons of butter and 1 tablespoon of olive oil to a large Dutch oven set over medium heat. Dry off the lardons, add them to the Dutch oven, and cook stirring often, until they are golden. With a slotted spoon transfer the lardons to paper towels to drain.nIn the same Dutch oven, over high heat, brown the drained and driedoff beef in the remaining bacon fat, in batches so the meat browns evenly. When you are done, pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat. Return all of the browned beef to the pot.nAdd the vegetable and herb mixture reserved from the marinade, and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, for 5 minutes.nAdd the reserved marinade liquid and tomato paste. Bring the liquid to a boil, and taste it for seasoning. Cook in the oven, covered for 3 hours.nAfter 3 hours, Remove meat and strain sauce. Skim the fat from the stew.nMake the vegetable garnish: Place the pearl onions in a skillet, cover them with water, add 1 tablespoon of butter, the sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the onions over mediumhigh heat until they are almost tender. and raise heat to high, and reduce the cooking liquid to 2 tablespoons. Continue to cook the onions, shaking the pan over the heat, until the onions are golden brown and glazed.nIn another skillet set over mediumhigh heat, melt 3 tablespoons of butter add the mushrooms. Add reserved lardons and salt and pepper to taste. Cook mixture, tossing often, for 7 minutes, or until golden brown.nMeanwhile, prepare the beurre manie: Cream together 1 tablespoon of softened butter with 1 tablespoon of flour. Roll the mixture into pieces the size of peas.nAdd the cooked onions and mushrooms to the stew. Bring the liquid to a simmer, and add enough beurre manie, bit by bit, stirring constantly, to lightly thicken the sauce.nDivide the boeuf bourguignon among 6 dinner plates. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups dry red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 14 cup Marc de Bourgogne or 2 tablespoons brandy, plus 2 tablespoons grappa, or 14 cup brandy, 1 large onion, peeled and cut in quarters, 2 carrots, peeled and cut in large chunks, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 12 parsley stems, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 10 black peppercorns, 4 whole cloves, 4 allspice berries, 1 bay leaf, 3 pounds wellmarbled beef chuck, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 pound slab bacon, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon softened unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 pound pearl onions, carefully peeled, Pinch sugar, 1 pound white mushrooms, cleaned used the smallest ones you can find, 1 tablespoon flour, 14 cup very finely minced fresh parsley leaves no stems], title: Boeuf Bourguignon, picturelink: null}, 33377: {instructions: To make the mustard butter, beat the butter, lemon juice and mustard to a smooth paste. Store in a jar in the refrigerator.nMix the chicken and some mayonnaise with a fork, and season with salt, pepper and hot pepper sauce.nSpread half the slices of bread with the mustard butter. Lay slices of lamb or tongue on the bread and spread with the chicken mixture. Add mustard and cress. Top with the remaining slices of bread to make sandwiches, trim the crusts and cut into dainty squares., ingredients: [12 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons mild french mustard, 8 ounces poached chicken, minced, Mayonnaise to bind, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, Hot pepper sauce, recommended: Tabasco, 20 thin slices brown bread, 10 thin slices roast lamb or boiled tongue, Punnet small container mustard and cress or watercress leaves], title: Queen Alexandras Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 33378: {instructions: For the cakes:nButter 6 ramekins and line with a disk of parchment paper, and then butter the parchment. In a double boiler, bowl or saucepan, very gently melt the butter and chocolate together over a water bath. In a separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs and sugar until thick, pale, and ribbony. Beat in the flour, and finally the chocolate mixture. Pour the mixture into the ramekins and chill.nJust before serving, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the ramekins on a baking sheet, and bake until the top is set, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove. Let sit 5 minutes, before unmolding onto plates. Serve with caramel sauce, if using, or a scoop of ice cream.nFor the caramel sauce:nAdd a spoonful of water to the sugar in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and boil to caramel, about 5 minutes. Do not stir with a spoon. Swirl the saucepan over the heat until desired color is achieved. Cooks Note: Be careful not to let it get too dark. Stir in the butter to melt careful it will splatter, then the cream. Add a squirt of lemon juice, to taste., ingredients: [23 cup butter, plus more for greasing, 4 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 4 eggs, 23 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup butter, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons cream, Squirt lemon juice, to taste], title: Moelleux au Chocolat, picturelink: null}, 33379: {instructions: Wash and peel potatoes, cut into wedges. Toss with oil and garlic cloves. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 1 hour, or until browned. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 pounds potatoes, Kosher for Passover vegetable oil, 1 head garlic, separated into cloves, Salt and pepper], title: Bens Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 33380: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a standard sized muffin tin with paper muffin cups.nWhisk together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, beat the eggs, then add the milk, melted butter, and jalapenos and stir well. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix until just blended. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake for 20 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely.nPut the cream cheese in a bowl and mix in a few drops of food coloring until it is evenly tinted the shade of green you like. Fold in the chives. Frost the muffins and garnish with the chopped peppers., ingredients: [1 12 cups cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped canned jalapenos, 1 12ounce container whipped cream cheese, Green food coloring, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, Finely chopped, red, orange, and yellow peppers, for garnish], title: Jalapeno Corn Cuffins CupcakeMuffins, picturelink: zfJoqJkTpGsRe7WyEa7euaM8T2jLB2}, 33381: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Brown paper bagnIn a medium saucepan, over low heat, bring the milk, orange zest and sugar to a low simmer. Whisk in the cocoa, light corn syrup, and the chocolate chips. Stir until the mixture is smooth. Remove from the heat and reserve.nCinnamon Sugar:nIn a small bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon Reserve.nPut the water, vanilla, butter, sugar, salt, and the orange zest into a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Remove the mixture from the heat and add the flour. Stir with a wooden spoon until the flour is incorporated and begins to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 8 minutes.nFill a large Dutch oven, over medium heat, halfway with vegetable oil and heat to 360 degrees F. Put the flour mixture into a large bowl. Using a hand mixer, slowly add the eggs 1 at a time. The mixture will break apart as you add each egg but will become smooth again once the egg is incorporated. Make sure each egg has been incorporated into the batter before adding the next.nOil a 1ounce ice cream scoop and scoop the batter into the hot oil. Fry the dough balls, in batches, until they are a deep golden brown on all sides. Test a fried donut to make sure that the center is cooked and then remove them from the oil. Frying will take about 8 minutes per batch.nPut a few donuts into a brown paper bag and pour in 2 tablespoons of the cinnamon sugar mixture. Close the bag and shake. Repeat steps. Serve with chocolate sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 12 orange, zested, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup Mexican cocoa, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons bittersweet chocolate chips, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon Chinese cassia cinnamon, Donuts:, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon Mexican vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 eggs, Brown paper bag], title: Homemade Donuts with Mexican Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: 9BE62mvguM4EreDVIl6YqsRa7bz9U2}, 33382: {instructions: For the marinade, combine all ingredients in a blender and puree for two minutes on medium speed. Strain marinade through a fine sieve. Let chicken breasts sit in marinade, refrigerated, overnight. The following day, on a hot grill, grill the marinated chicken until thoroughly cooked, about 10 to 12 minutes depending on the thickness of the chicken.nFor the salsa, in a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients and its ready to serve.nFor the presentation, spoon a serving of the salsa on the plate. Cut the grilled chicken breast on an angle and fan out on plate next to salsa., ingredients: [4 6ounce chicken breasts, trimmed, cleaned, 12 cup red chile flakes, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 4 tablespoons minced fresh oregano, 1 34 cups water, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 cup diced tomato, 1 cup medium diced white onion, 5 green chiles, very finely minced remove seed and ribs for a milder salsa, 1 cup gently packed cilantro, roughly chop, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup lime juice, 12 cup Cuervo 1800 tequila], title: Adobo Chicken with Margarita Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss together the oil, chiles, thyme, garlic and some salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast until the oil is fragrant, about 10 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and add the shrimp, tossing with tongs to coat in the mixture. Roast until the shrimp are pink and just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove and drizzle with a splash of sherry vinegar and garnish with parsley. Serve with baguette slices., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 6 dried small red chiles, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 40 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Aged sherry vinegar, for drizzling, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 1 baguette, sliced], title: Roasted Shrimp in Cazuela, picturelink: pPSnReNqMulC9lZxwXpaXI8zaXNbYVi}, 33384: {instructions: Candied fruit: Put the fruit in a heavy sauce pan and cover the fruit with cool water. Now place the pan on high heat. Once it comes to a boil, drain. Put the fruit in a bowl of ice water and allow to cool. Now remove the fruit from the ice water and set it aside on a towel.nPlace the fruit on a cutting board and trim off both ends of the fruit. In a small saucepan mix together the sugar and orange juice. Bring to a boil over medium high heat. Lower the heat to a simmer. Skim as necessary and add the fruit. Simmer 5060 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the fruit is not sticking to the bottom. Take the fruit out and separate on a plate lined with parchment paper. Reserve and use as desirednFor the graham crackernut pie crust: Combine all of the above ingredients together in a bowl. Now press them firmly into the bottom and up the sides of a 10inch pie pan.nFilling: Whip the egg yolks until thick and pale yellow about 5 minutes. Pour in the condensed milk and the kumquats. Slowly add in the key lime juice. Pour into the pie crust and bake 1012 minutes.nCool for 1 hour and then chill completely. Serve as desired., ingredients: [30 kumquats, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 14 cups orange juice, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup toasted and ground almonds, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 cup of melted sweet butter, 6 egg yolks, 2 cups sweetened condensed milk, 1 34 cups key lime juice, 14 cup of the candied kumquat, seeds and pulp discarded, chopped small], title: Key Lime and Candied Kumquat Peel Pie, picturelink: null}, 33385: {instructions: Cut the corn from the cob and put into a bowl. Use the back of the knife and press to release the milk of the cob into the bowl with the corn.nHeat the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the corn and corn milk to the pan.nAdd the sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until the corn begins to soften slightly and heats through, about 5 minutes. Add the edamame and tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes. Add the cotija and creme fraiche and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 1 minute longer.nRemove from the heat and stir in the lime zest, green onions and chopped cilantro. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with whole cilantro leaves., ingredients: [8 ears fresh corn on the cob, husked and silks removed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small sweet onion, such as Vidalia or Walla Walla, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 8 ounces fresh or frozen edamame fresh blanched or frozen thawed, 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely diced, 14 cup grated cotija cheese, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Finely grated zest of 2 fresh limes, 2 green onions, green and pale green part, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus whole leaves for garnish], title: Creamed Corn Succotash with Cotija, picturelink: 3ECNWlZTNwla9kUMLn.uavKzE4pYMzy}, 33386: {instructions: Whip the cream until soft peaks form. Hold in the refrigerator.nAdd the ice cream and stout to a blender and blend until fully combined. Divide the milkshake between 4 chilled pint glasses, filling just over halfway. Fill the glasses with whipped cream and dust with malt powder., ingredients: [1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 cups caramel ice cream, 12 ounces stout beer, 2 tablespoons malt powder], title: Stout and Caramel Milkshakes, picturelink: 3FZkazqac8ACYF.rywfZfP5SoMjKiV6}, 33387: {instructions: Make the batter before removing the prime rib from the oven: Combine the eggs and halfandhalf in a bowl and whisk until theyre totally combined. Throw the flour and 2 teaspoons salt into a sifter and sift them straight into the bowl. Whisk until its nice and smooth, then refrigerate until the prime rib is ready.nAfter the beef is removed from the pan, increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Use a slotted spoon to remove the peppercorns, herbs and excess salt from the drippings. Pour the remaining drippings into a separate container. They should be speckled and lovelynPour a small amount about 12 teaspoon or so of the drippings into each cup of a standard muffin pan and place the pan in the hot oven for a couple of minutes, or until just before the drippings begin to smoke.nCarefully remove the pan from the oven and immediately fill the muffin cups about 12 to 23 full. Bake 13 to 14 minutes, or until theyve popped about as much as they can pop. Serve them in a basket with a pretty napkin right next to the prime rib.nMove the oven rack to the bottom and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F, then start with the seasoning: Grab the peppercorns and throw them in a big plastic bag and pound them with a rolling pin to break them open. Pull the leaves off the rosemary and thyme sprigs. Throw the crushed peppercorns into a bowl with the salt and herb leaves and add the minced garlic. Use your fingers to toss it all together, then set it aside.nPlace the beef, fatside up, on a rack in a roasting pan. Drizzle the olive oil all over the surface and rub it in with your hands. Sprinkle the peppercornherbsalt mixture all over the surface of the beef, pressing it lightly with your hands.nRoast the beef 45 minutes for the first stage. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F and insert a meat thermometer sideways into the roast. Roast the beef an additional 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes, or until the thermometer registers 120 degrees F to 135 degrees F in the center for medium rare. The meat will continue to cook for a bit after you remove it from the oven.nRemove the beef from the rack and let it rest about 15 minutes to allow the juices to redistribute throughout the meat. When youre ready to serve, carve it into slices of your preferred width.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [5 large eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Drippings from the Prime Rib, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons tricolor peppercorns or any peppercorns, 3 sprigs rosemary, 3 sprigs thyme, 13 cup kosher salt, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 1 10 to14pound boneless ribeye roast, 14 cup olive oil], title: Yorkshire Pudding, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 33388: {instructions: Finely grate the cheese and transfer to a food processor. Add the peppers, mayonnaise, brine and garlic. Season with salt, pepper and hot sauce. Pulse until slightly chunky.nTop half of the bread slices with 2 slices tomato, 1 leaf of lettuce and 14 cup of the cheese mixture. Top with the remaining bread. Cut into triangle quarters and serve., ingredients: [One 10ounce package sharp white Cheddar, 12 cup packed, jarred pimentos, finely chopped, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon brine, reserved from pimento jar, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, such as Tobasco, 16 slices toasted whole wheat sandwich bread, 16 slices tomato, 8 leaves redleaf lettuce], title: Pimento Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 33389: {instructions: Preheat a griddle or large skillet over mediumlow heat. Make 4 sandwiches of sliced cheese, chopped greens and relish, distributing the ingredients evenly among them. Butter the outsides of the sammies with softened butter and cook in preheated pan until golden and cheese has melted., ingredients: [1 cups watercress leaves, shredded or chopped, 2 tablespoons dill pickle relish or sweet red pepper relish, 8 sliced pumpernickel or marble bread, 12 pound your choice of: Muenster, Havarti with dill or Leyden Gouda with cumin seeds, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons butter, softened], title: Grilled Cheese and Watercress, picturelink: lxyeoYW7oMY7upj26ZiS1a6cn4kmjaW}, 33390: {instructions: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until it is the size of peas. Add the cream cheese and pulse until it is the size of peas. Add the vinegar and 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse a few times, until the dough holds together when squeezed. Gather into a ball on a sheet of plastic wrap. Pat into a disk, wrap and chill at least 4 hours., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 ounces cold cream cheese, cut into pieces, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar], title: Cream Cheese Crust, picturelink: null}, 33391: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a glass baking dish and marinate overnight.nHeat oven to 400 degrees F. Transfer to a shallow baking pan and bake for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. Finish by broiling for 5 minutes. Serve over shortgrain brown rice., ingredients: [1 12ounce package tempeh, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 medium zucchini, sliced, 1 red pepper, chopped, 2 freshly squeezed lemons, 1 freshly squeezed orange, 2 tablespoons tamari, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seed oil, 2 tablespoons untoasted sesame seed oil, Fresh ground black pepper, Crushed red pepper flakes], title: LemonBroiled Tempeh, picturelink: null}, 33392: {instructions: For the dressing: Place vinegar in a bowl. Add oil slowly while whisking, then season to taste.nFor the marinade: whisk together olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, basil, sea salt and pepper. Marinate the mushrooms and tofu for 5 minutes. Grill the mushrooms, then cut them in quarters. Grill the tofu, then cut into 1inch pieces.nTo prepare the salad, place all the ingredients into a mixing bowl. Pour dressing onto vegetables and stir gently. Chill salad before serving., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, Spike seasoning, to taste, available in health food stores, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh basil, chopped, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 portobello mushrooms, peeled, bottom part of stem removed, 1 pound tofu, firm, sliced into 12inch pieces, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 bunch asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large red onion, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 15 slices veggie pepperoni, halved, 14 cup black olives, pitted and cut in half, 14 cup pepperoncini, seeded and cut in half, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, soaked in warm water and halved, 1 tablespoon capers, whole, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chiffonade, 12 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped], title: Vegan Antipasti, picturelink: null}, 33393: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil to the pan. Brown 3 minutes on each side and remove. Add another turn of the pan extravirgin olive oil and reduce heat to medium high. Add garlic, pepper flakes, mushrooms, onions, peppers and pepperoni, if using. Cook mixture 5 minutes, then add wine and scrape up any goodbits from the bottom of the skillet. Add tomatoes, oregano, salt and pepper, to taste. Slide steak back in and reduce heat to medium. Cover pan and cook 5 or 6 minutes for medium rare, 10 to 12 minutes for medium well. Remove meat, cut away from bone or divide into 2 large portions. Cover steaks with sauce and top with grated cheese., ingredients: [1 24 ounce to 2 pound piece porterhouse or ribeye steak, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, crushed away from the skins, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 mushrooms, sliced, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 13 stick pepperoni, casing removed, then chopped, optional, 12 cup dry red wine, eyeball it, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup grated cheese, Parmigiano or Romano], title: Steak Pizzaola with The Works, picturelink: ORgT77ammXCSj7FJod.8nEflAYC1mWO}, 33394: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured work surface, press crusts together and roll out to a diameter of 14 inches. Transfer to parchmentlined baking sheet.nCut each peach into eight slices 24 slices total. In a bowl gently fold cut peaches and berries together with 14cup sugar to coat, being careful not to crush berries. Gently spoon fruit mixture in to the center of the pie dough round and spread out from the center to about 10inches. Fold the edges of the piecrust dough up over the fruit, pleating the edges as you go around.nWhisk together egg yolk and water. Brush pleated edges of pie with egg mixture and sprinkle the remaining tablespoon of sugar over crust. Break butter into small pieces and place all around the pie. Bake for 3035 minutes or until the edges are golden brown., ingredients: [1 pint raspberries, 1 pint blueberries, 3 peaches, 14cup plus 1 Tbs. sugar, 2 8inch commercial piecrusts, refrigerated or defrosted frozen, 2 Tbs. unsalted butter, 1 egg yolk, 1 Tbs. water], title: Easy Berry Pie, picturelink: null}, 33395: {instructions: For the chili: In a Dutch oven over medium heat, cook the onions with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and a pinch of salt and pepper until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Mix in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil along with the tomato paste, chili powder, chipotle powder, coriander, cumin, cayenne and garlic. Cook to toast the spices and tomato paste, 1 to 2 minutes. Then add the vegetable broth, tomatoes, corn, black beans, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, pinto beans, Worcestershire and 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.nServe the chili with the toppings bar., ingredients: [2 large onions, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces tomato paste about 1 tube, 14 cup chili powder, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 6 cups vegetable broth, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 cups canned drained or frozen corn, One 15ounce can black beans, One 15ounce can garbanzo beans, One 15ounce can kidney beans, One 15ounce can pinto beans, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Sour cream or Greek yogurt, Shredded Cheddar, Cooked chopped bacon, Chopped yellow onions, Chopped chives, Sliced jalapenos, Corn chips, such as Fritos, Tortilla chips], title: FourBean Chili, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 33396: {instructions: Place a romaine leaf on each salad plate to be the cradle or little ark. Decorate it as you would imagine a baby Moses in his cradle, with his face, arms, and so on. Drizzle vinaigrette on top., ingredients: [Romaine lettuce leaves, Carrots, peeled, sliced into rounds, Black olives, halved, Green peppers, cut into strips, Parboiled asparagus, cut into strips, Radishes, Kosher for Passover vinaigrette dressing], title: Baby Moses Salad, picturelink: null}, 33397: {instructions: Filling: In a saute pan, melt the butter. Heat it to medium high heat and saute the cabbage until tender. Add the salt and sugar and stir to dissolve. Add the raisins and cook a few minutes to reduce and thicken any juices. Stir in the walnuts and spread on a sheet pan to cool.nStrudel: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nLine a sheet pan with parchment paper. Transfer 1 sheet of phyllo to a sheet pan. Using a pastry brush, brush the phyllo with butter. Sprinkle with 13 of the sugar and 13 of the chopped walnuts. Repeat with the 2 remaining sheets of phyllo. Reserve the remaining melted butter and sugar. Turn the sheet pan so that the phyllo is horizontal to your body. Spoon the cooled cabbage filling 2 inches in from the left hand edge of the phyllo, working from top to bottom, leaving 2 inches bare at the top and bottom. Turn the sheet pan 14 turn and roll up the pastry to encase the filling, forming a log. Move the log to the center of the sheet pan and tuck the ends under to keep the filling from oozing out. Brush the surface with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool 10 to 15 minuets on the pan. Using a serrated knife cut carefully into sections and serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 12 green cabbage, shredded, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 3 sheets phyllo pastry, thawed overnight in the refrigerator, if frozen kept moist, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup walnuts, lightly toasted and finely chopped], title: Cabbage Strudel, picturelink: null}, 33398: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in oven roasting pan. Season chicken pieces with salt and pepper and brown in hot pan, remove chicken from pan and set aside. Drain off excess fat. Add butter and saute onions for five minutes or until soft. Add carrots and any additional vegetables, garlic, ginger and tomatoes. Add 4 cups of hot chicken stock, thyme and habenero. In a separate bowl, whisk peanut butter and tomato paste into remaining 2 cups of stock and add to the pan. Add the chicken back to the pan. Bring to boil, then simmer for 2 to 2 12 hours or until chicken falls from bones. Season with salt and pepper. Can be served with rice, potatoes or noodles.nOptional vegetables to add: eggplant, okra, sweet potatoes, cabbage, turnips, or bell peppers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 3 to 4 pound chicken, cut into pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 onions, diced, 5 medium carrots or 3 cups, sliced 14inch thick on bias, 4 cloves garlic, mashed, 1inch peeled ginger, 1 12 cups chopped tomatoes, 6 cups chicken stock or broth, divided, 2 ounces fresh thyme leaves, 1 habenero, pierced, 1 cup smooth natural peanut butter, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup roasted unsalted peanuts, chopped for garnish], title: Chicken Groundnut Stew, picturelink: null}, 33399: {instructions: Special equipment: electric wok or fondue potnFor the soup base:nHeat a 3 12 pint capacity wok over a high heat, and add the groundnut oil. Stirfry the chiles and Sichuan peppercorns until fragrant. Add the chile bean sauce, and chile sauce, then pour in the stock. Add the star anise, mushrooms, orange peel, chile oil, and ginger, and bring everything to a boil. Then, reduce the heat to mediumlow, and simmer for 20 minutes. Ten minutes before serving, stir in the chiles.nFor the hotpot:nWhilst the stock is simmering, divide all the fish balls, spring onions, cabbage, deepfried tofu, and fresh tofu on 4 serving plates, cover with plastic wrap, and chill them in the refrigerator.nFor the soy dipping sauce:nCombine the black vinegar, soy sauce, and chiles in a bowl, and set the sauce aside.nFor the special dipping sauce:nLet each guest prepare their own Taiwanese dipping sauce at the table. In a small bowl, stir to combine, the egg yolk, satay sauce, cilantro, and spring onions.nFor the assembly:nTo serve, arrange all the ingredients on the table. Transfer the soup base to an electric wok or fondue pot, and set it up in the center of the table. Let the guests help themselves, and cook the raw ingredients in the spicy broth. Serve with both dipping sauces., ingredients: [2 tablespoons groundnut oil peanut, 3 to 4 long dried Sichuan chiles or long dried chiles, 2 ounces whole Sichuan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chile bean sauce, 1 tablespoon chile sauce, 6 cups hot vegetable stock, 2 star anise, 6 dried Chinese mushrooms or 6 dried shiitake or porcini mushrooms, 1 small handful dried orange peel or the zest of 1 orange, 9 ounces chile oil, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 2 medium red chiles, seeded and sliced, 9 ounces MSG free fish balls, 1 large spring onion, coarsely chopped, 1 small handful Chinese cabbage leaves, sliced 1inch thick, 1 small handful deepfried tofu, 1 small handful fresh tofu, cut into 1inch chunks, 3 tablespoons black rice vinegar recommended or balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon Oriental satay sauce or barbeque sauce, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon finely sliced spring onions green, 9 ounces MSGfree fish cake, sliced, Baby corn, as needed, Raw lamb, thinly sliced, as needed, Raw prawns or shrimp, shelled and deveined, as needed, Firm tofu, cut into chunks, as needed, Enoki mushrooms, as needed], title: Spicy Hotpot, picturelink: null}, 33400: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUse a knife to slice cake layers in half horizontally. Use a pastry brush to brush each layer with lemonade concentrate set aside.nStir 1 teaspoon of lemon extract into each can of frosting set aside.nTo assemble cake: frost and stack the cake layers on top of each other.nDecorate cake with clusters of mint sprigs, blueberries, and quartered lemon slices., ingredients: [2 8inch round storebought bakery yellow or white cake layers, 13 cup frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, divided, 2 12ounce cans cream cheese flavored frosting, Fresh mint sprigs, Fresh blueberries, Lemon slices, quartered], title: Lemon Blueberry Cake, picturelink: 6BPk1WA4oKzfpDng205NE0nt4reve1e}, 33401: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil. Spread 2 tablespoons salt, the coriander seeds, peppercorns, paprika, red pepper flakes, dill seeds and minced garlic in an even layer on the baking sheet and roast until the garlic is dry, about 30 minutes let cool. Transfer to a spice grinder and pulse several times. The spiced salt can be made up to 1 week ahead store in an airtight container.nRemove the steaks from the refrigerator about 1 hour before grilling to bring to room temperature sprinkle each side with 12 teaspoon of the prepared spiced salt, then cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nPreheat a grill to high and prepare for indirect grilling: On a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side on a gas grill, turn off half of the burners. Wipe the salt off the steaks and pat dry brush lightly with olive oil. Grill over direct heat until marked on the bottom, about 2 minutes, then rotate 90 degrees F and cook 2 more minutes. Flip the steaks and repeat on the other side, then transfer to the cooler side of the grill indirect heat cook 5 more minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, grill the tomatoes over direct heat, turning, until marked, about 5 minutes. Serve with the steaks and the remaining spiced salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Flaky sea salt or kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon dill seeds, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 boneless New York strip steaks 12 to 14 ounces each, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 pound small tomatoes], title: Strip Steak With Spiced Salt, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 33402: {instructions: In a medium pot over medium heat, add the oil. When it is hot, add the onion and cook until it begins to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cabbage, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the cabbage begins to soften, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken stock and cider, bring it to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook until the cabbage and onions are soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the dumpling and heat through. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced, 1 head green cabbage, shredded reserve half for Online Round 2 Recipe Cabbage and Pear Slaw, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 quart chicken broth, 12 cup apple cider, reserved from Frosty Sparkling Apple Cider, Reserved dumplings from the Parsley Dumpling], title: Round 2 Recipe German Dumpling Soup, picturelink: null}, 33403: {instructions: Special equipment: cheeseclothnPour the apple cider into a slow cooker. Tie the ginger, cinnamon sticks, cloves, allspice and black peppercorns into a cheesecloth to make a sachet. Add the sachet, brown sugar and orange slices to the slow cooker. Set the slow cooker on high for 1 hour then reduce to low and continue cooking for another 4 hours. Add the gin just before serving. Serve in mugs., ingredients: [3 quarts natural apple cider, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled, Two 3inch cinnamon sticks, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 2 teaspoons whole allspice, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 orange, sliced, 1 12 cups gin], title: Slow Cooker Hard Cider, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 33404: {instructions: Remove the fillet from the nohu, be sure to remove all the bones and slice the fish into 1inch medallions. Reserve the scraps for the soup. In a soup pot, saute the fish scraps and the small popaa in the olive oil over high heat. Add the chopped onions, tomatoes, bouquet garni, garlic cloves, water, salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, and saffron. Bring to a boil for 5 minutes, then simmer for 1 hour.nPut the soup on low heat add the potatoes and poach for 5 minutes. Add the nohu medallions in the soup and poach for 5 more minutes.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the garlic puree with the egg yolks, salt and pepper. Add the oil very slowly and whip continuously to get a mayonnaise consistency.nServe the soup in individual soup plates with the fish medallions, the potatoes and the aioli, also called a rouille, and croutons on the side., ingredients: [4 pounds whole nohi Hawaiian rock cod scaled and cleaned, 2 pounds small whole popaa or mempachi, scaled and cleaned, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Maui onion, finely chopped, 4 tomatoes, peeled and chopped, Bouquet garni 1 sprig parsley, 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig thyme, 1 leek leaf, wrap with cheese cloth and tie into bundle, 8 cloves garlic, 5 quarts water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons saffron powder, 2 russet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 14inch cubes, 6 cloves garlic, pureed, 2 egg yolks, room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, Croutons 12 French baguette cubed and toasted], title: Bouillabaisse of Nohu with Aioli, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 33405: {instructions: In a large skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in onion and cook for 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add white wine and simmer for 2 minutes. Stir in tomato sauce and red pepper flakes. Bring sauce to a simmer and stir in the shrimp. Cook for 1 minute and stir in scallops. Simmer for 2 minutes. Stir in parsley and toss with pasta. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups good quality tomato sauce, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 10 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 10 scallops, rinsed, 14 cup chopped parsley, 12 ounces Angel hair pasta Vermicelli, cooked and drained], title: Seafood Marinara, picturelink: null}, 33406: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a 13 by 9inch baking pan with parchment or waxed paper.nCombine the dates and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and gradually stir in the baking soda it will foam up, and set aside.nIn a bowl, combine the flour and baking powder. In the bowl of a mixer, cream the butter until fluffy. Add the sugar to the butter, and cream until fluffy. Without stopping the mixer, add 2 of the eggs and mix until combined. Add the remaining 2 eggs and vanilla and mix until combined. Add about 13 of the flour mixture and 13 of the dates and mix until combined. Repeat until all the flour mixture and the dates are incorporated into the batter. Pour into the baking pan and bake about 40 minutes, until firm and set in the center. Let cool in the pan. When cool, turn out of the pan onto a baking sheet and peel off the parchment paper. The recipe can be made through this step up to 2 days in advance.nButterscotch Sauce: Combine the brown sugar, butter, halfandhalf, and brandy in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil 3 minutes, until combined. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla.nWhen ready to serve pudding, preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Pour the sauce evenly over the top of the cake. Bake until the sauce is bubbly and cake is heated through, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whip the heavy cream into soft peaks with the mixer. Cut the cake into squares and serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [12 ounces dates, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 3 14 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 8 tablespoons 1 stick softened, unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 23 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Butterscotch sauce, recipe follows, 2 14 cups light brown sugar, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon brandy, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup cold heavy cream, optional], title: Sticky Toffee Pudding with Butterscotch Sauce, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 33407: {instructions: Heat rice according to package directions. In a microwavesafe bowl, combine salsa and chicken. Microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir in cheese and rice. Divide mixture onto tortillas. Top with cilantro and sour cream, if desired.nCooks notes:nYou can adjust the amount of ingredients based on your tastes., ingredients: [1 container Minuteu00ae Ready to Serve Brown Rice, 14 cup salsa, 12 cup cooked, diced chicken, 14 cup cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 whole wheat tortillas, 14 cup chopped cilantro, optional, 2 Tbsps sour cream, optional], title: Chicken and Rice Burritos, picturelink: F9u3EX08LNy4DlB0OrR3gFlBKlyvG}, 33408: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nUsing a serrated knife, slice about 1 inch off the top crust of the Italian bread. Carefully tear out the insides of the loaf, leaving about 34inch of bread to form a shell. Put the loaf on the prepared baking sheet, drizzle inside with some olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Bake until slightly crispy, about 10 minutes. Cool on a baking rack while you make the eggs. Preheat the broiler.nHeat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until golden brown. Remove the sausage to a papertowellined plate.nAdd the onion and the green and red peppers to the skillet cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat slightly, then add the chiles, sausage, parsley and basil toss to combine. Stir in the eggs and about twothirds of the provolone and cook, stirring, until the eggs just begin to set, less than 1 minute.nPour the egg mixture into the bread shell and top with the Parmesan and the remaining provolone. Broil until the cheese is melted and bubbly and the eggs are just cooked through, about 3 minutes. You can use a cake tester to checkinsert it into the eggs to see if it comes out with raw egg on it.nTransfer to a cutting board, let set for 1 or 2 minutes, and then slice into 4 to 6 wedges.n, ingredients: [1 round loaf goodquality Italian bread, Olive oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces loose sweet Italian sausage, 1 small Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 jarred Calabrian chiles, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons torn fresh basil, 10 large eggs, whisked until frothy, 6 ounces grated provolone, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Italian Egg Bread Bowl, picturelink: 5yBJLX3XYbi22EERCiPY9rcjmNOdzNC}, 33409: {instructions: In a mixing bowl place the cornmeal, flour, grated carrot and salt. Mix these ingredients until blended together. Make a well in the cornmeal mixture and add water, knead until the dough is firm to the touch. Cover the bowl with a cloth or tea towel and set aside. Place a large pot on the stove over medium heat. Add the butter and let melt. Once butter has melted add the thyme, pimento peppers, grated carrot, vegetable stock, tomato paste, coconut milk, Angostura bitters and evaporated milk. Bring to a boil.nOnce boiling reduce heat to medium, place the dumplings into the pot cover. Cook for 15 minutes. The dumplings will rise to the surface when they are done. To Plate: Pour this delicious concoction into bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 cups cornmeal, 1 lb. flour, 1 grated carrot, 2 cups water, 14 tsp. salt, 2 cups coconut milk powder, 1 cup evaporated milk, 4 cups vegetable stock, 1 carrot grated, 8 oz. tomato paste, 2 Tbs. thyme, 2 finely chopped pimento peppers seeds removed, 2 Tbs. butter, Dash of Angostura Bitters, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Cornmeal Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 33410: {instructions: Cook ham hocks, whole onions, whole garlic, bay leaf, water and broth in a large saucepan for 1 12 hours or until meat falls off bone. Add clean, roughly cut collard greens with stems removed. Cook uncovered for another 1 12 hours turning greens occasionally. Serve as side vegetable., ingredients: [4 ham hocks, 2 yellow onions, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups water, 16 ounces chicken broth, 12 bunches collard greens], title: Jolly Greens, picturelink: null}, 33411: {instructions: In a large saucepan simmer the chilies, onion, and garlic in the water for 20 minutes. Transfer half the chilies, onion, and garlic with tongs to a blender, add 34 cup of the cooking liquid, and puree the mixture until it is smooth. Force the puree through a sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids with a spoon. Repeat the procedure with the remaining chilies and 34 cup of the remaining cooking liquid, stir in salt to taste, and discard the remaining cooking liquid. The sauce may be made 2 weeks in advance and kept covered and chilled., ingredients: [3 ounces about 15 dried New Mexican red chilies available at some specialty foods shops and by mail from The Chile Shop, 109 East Water Street, Sante Fe, NM 87501, Tel. 5059836080, stemmed and seeded wear rubber gloves, 1 large onion, halved, 1 large garlic clove, 6 cups water], title: Red Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33412: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F160 degrees C.nPut the chocolate in a bowl. Bring the cream, milk and sugar to a boil in a saucepan. Remove from the heat and add the chopped chocolate, stirring to melt. Be sure to give it enough time: you dont want little bits floating around in there. Break the egg and yolk into a bowl. Gradually whisk the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture, taking care to not to scramble the eggs. Strain the mixture into the baked tart shell. Bake until set, about 20 minutes. Cool completely., ingredients: [6 ounces170 g semisweet chocolate, chopped very small, 1 cup250 ml heavy cream, 12 cup125 ml milk, 14 cup55 g sugar, 1 egg plus 1 yolk, One 8inch20 cm prebaked tart shell], title: Chocolate Tart, picturelink: null}, 33413: {instructions: Stir the soup, milk, mustard, broccoli and cheese in a 1 12quart casserole.nStir the bread crumbs and butter in a small bowl. Sprinkle the crumb mixture over the broccoli mixture.nBake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the mixture is hot and bubbling.nRice Is Nice: Add 2 cups cooked white rice to the broccoli mixture before baking.nCheese ChangeUp: Substitute mozzarella cheese for the Cheddar., ingredients: [1 can 10 34 ounces Campbells Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoon yellow mustard, 1 bag 16 ounces frozen broccoli flowerets, thawed, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese 4 ounces, 13 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 teaspoon butter, melted], title: Broccoli and Cheese Casserole, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 33414: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over mediumlow heat add 3 sliced leeks white and light green parts only and season with salt and sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 10 minutes. Toss with 12 ounces cooked rigatoni, 1 cup pastacooking water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar and 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar. Add 1 small head sliced radicchio and 6 ounces cubed fontina toss until the cheese melts. Top with chopped toasted hazelnuts.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: LeekRadicchio Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33415: {instructions: If youre worried about cooking the perfect Christmas turkey because youre afraid youll get it wrong, dont be. This recipe is nice and simple and will help you achieve brilliant results for your Christmas meal. Take your turkey out of the refrigerator about an hour before youre ready to cook it so it comes up to room temperature before roasting. Give it a good rinse then pat it dry with some kitchen paper, making sure you soak up any water in the cavity. Drizzle the meat with a good lug of olive oil, add a few good sprinkles of salt and pepper and then rub this seasoning all over the bird, making sure you get in to all the nooks and crannies. Preheat your oven to full whack then get started on your stuffing. For the stuffing: Pour a lug or 2 of olive oil into a large pan on a medium heat and fry off your chopped onion, for about 10 minutes, or until softened. Stir in a good pinch of salt and pepper, the ground nutmeg and your chopped sage leaves, then continue to fry and stir for another 1 minute or 2. Spoon the onion mixture into a large bowl and let it cool completely. Once cooled, add your pork mince and breadcrumbs and use your hands to really scrunch everything together. Once its mixed really well, bring the stuffing together into a ball, then cover and chill until youre ready to stuff your turkey. Pull the skin at the neckend back so you can see a cavity and push about 12 of your stuffing inside your turkey. Not too much: you dont want to pack it so tightly it slows down the cooking. Once done, pull and fold the skin over the opening and tuck it under the bird so it looks nice. Turn the turkey around and drop a few small pieces of stuffing into the larger cavity along with your clementine halves and a few sprigs rosemary. Place your roughly chopped onion, celery, and carrots in the bottom of a roasting pan and lay your turkey on top. Cover the turkey with tin foil then put it in the hot oven and immediately turn the temperature down to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C Gas 4. Cook for about 35 to 40 minutes per kilo 2 pounds 2 ounces. The 11 pound 5 kg bird in this recipe will take about 3 to 3 12 hours. Check on your turkey every 20 minutes or so and keep it from drying out by basting it with the lovely juices from the bottom of the pan. After 2 12 hours, remove the foil so the skin gets golden and crispy. When the time is up, take your turkey out of the oven and stick a small sharp knife into the fattest part of the thigh. If the juices run clear and the meat pulls apart easily, its ready. If not, pop the turkey back in the oven to cook for a bit longer, then check again. Once ready, cover the turkey with tin foil and a few clean tea towels for 30 minutes and let it rest while you get your vegetables and gravy ready., ingredients: [1 11pound5 kg turkey, preferably freerange or organic, Olive oil, for the turkey, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clementine, halved, Few sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 onions, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 sticks celery, roughly chopped, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, Olive oil, for sauteing the onions, 2 onions, peeled and finely chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Few sprigs fresh sage, leaves picked and roughly chopped, 10 12 ounces300 g goodquality ground pork, Large handful breadcrumbs], title: Jamies Christmas Turkey, picturelink: null}, 33416: {instructions: On a cutting board mince and mash the garlic to a paste with the salt. In a food processor puree the chickpeas with the garlic paste, the tahini, the lemon juice, 14 cup of the oil, and 12 cup water, scraping down the sides, until the hummus is smooth and add salt to taste. Add water, if necessary, to thin the hummus to the desired consistency and transfer the hummus to a bowl. In the food processor, cleaned, puree the remaining 14 cup oil with the parsley until the oil is bright green and the parsley is minced transfer the parsley oil to a small jar. The hummus and the parsley oil may be made 3 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Divide the hummus between shallow serving dishes and smooth the tops. Drizzle the hummus with the parsley oil and sprinkle it with the pine nuts. Serve the hummus with the pita., ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 1pound 3ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 23 cup well stirred tahini, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 12 cup olive oil, or to taste, 12 cup water, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted lightly, Toasted pita thins], title: Hummus, picturelink: oBihA6kGTIIp58Hz6Akb9Z02PWZpe32}, 33417: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the blackberries, yogurt, water, sugar, and lemon juice, and puree. Taste and add more sugar or honey, as necessary. Sieve the mixture to remove the seeds, and reserve the liquid.nTo serve, place 3 ice cubes into each of 2 serving glasses, pour over the lassi and garnish with a mint leaf., ingredients: [10 12 ounces blackberries, washed, 7 ounces natural yogurt, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar or honey, plus more, as necessary, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 6 ice cubes, 2 fresh mint leaves], title: Blackberry Lassi, picturelink: null}, 33418: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, cream together the peanut butter, agave and vanilla. When smooth, beat in the cocoa powder. Fold in the oats, chocolate chips, coconut, puffed rice and almonds. Scoop into pingpongsize balls, then roll in additional coconut or almonds and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup natural chunky peanut butter, 14 cup agave nectar or honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 cup quickcooking oats, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 12 cup coconut flakes, toasted, plus additional for garnish, optional, 12 cup puffed rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, 14 cup toasted almonds, chopped, plus additional for garnish, optional], title: Energy Balls, picturelink: UBUvw2l3G3yGlEG7p9iRjFikBGdHa}, 33419: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the tops off the peppers. Remove and discard the stems, then finely chop the tops set aside. Scoop out the seeds and as much of the membrane as you can. Place the peppers cutside up in a baking dish just large enough to hold them upright.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, season with salt and pepper and cook, breaking up the lumps, until the meat is cooked through and just beginning to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate to get rid of the fat.nWipe out the skillet and add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the onions and chopped peppers and cook until beginning to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and zucchini and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes and season with salt and a pinch or 2 of red pepper flakes. Cook until everything is heated through, then stir in the beef and rice. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Stir in 1 cup of the cheese.nFill the peppers with the rice mixture and top each with a sprinkle of the remaining 12 cup cheese. Pour a small amount of water into the bottom of the baking dish and drizzle the peppers with a little olive oil. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until the peppers are soft and the cheese is melted and lightly browned, another 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 bell peppers, any color, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 8 ounces lean ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium zucchini, finely diced, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and finely diced, Red pepper flakes, as needed, 1 cup cooked longgrain and wild rice, 1 12 cups grated pepper Jack cheese], title: Stuffed Bell Peppers, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 33420: {instructions: Combine the vanilla wafer crumbs, chopped pecans, 1 cup of the confectioners sugar, and the cocoa. Combine the bourbon and corn syrup and stir into the dry mixture. When thoroughly blended, cover and refrigerate the dough for 1 hour or more. Sift the remaining confectioners sugar onto a large piece of waxed paper. Take 1 tablespoon of the dough, shape it into a ball, and roll it in the sugar. Repeat until all the dough is used. Store them, covered, in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup finely chopped vanilla wafers, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, divided, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 2 tablespoons Kentucky bourbon, 1 12 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Kentucky Bourbon Balls, picturelink: null}, 33421: {instructions: Soak the beans in 2 quarts of water overnight, and then boil them until tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Rub 34 of the beans through a sieve and put the puree back into the cooking water. Put aside the remaining whole beans. Brown the garlic and the chopped onion in 8 tablespoons of oil, and as soon as they have softened, add 2 tablespoons of tomato puree diluted with a glass of warm water. Add the very finely chopped carrot and the celery, the cabbages, chard, and the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, cook for a few minutes and then add the pureed beans. Continue cooking for an hour. When the vegetables are well done, add the sliced bread and the whole beans previously put aside. Mix well, pour into a soup tureen and serve with a touch of extravirgin olive oil and the thinly sliced onion passed around separately., ingredients: [16 ounces dried white beans, 1 garlic clove, 2 onions, 1 chopped, 1 thinly sliced, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for serving, 2 tablespoons tomato puree, 1 glass warm water, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 12 Savoy cabbage, washed and cut into strips, 1 red cabbage, washed and cut into strips, 1 bunch chard, washed and cut into strips, 2 potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced, Salt, Pepper, 12 ounces stale homemade or stale store bought Italian bread, thinly sliced], title: Ribollita, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 33422: {instructions: Melt chocolate in coffee in a metal bowl set over a large saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring until smooth, then stir in 3 tablespoons rum. Remove bowl from heat.nBeat together eggs, granulated sugar, and a pinch of salt with a handheld electric mixer in a large metal bowl until combined well. Set bowl over saucepan of simmering water and beat mixture until tripled in volume, very thick, and registers 160 degrees F on thermometer, about 6 minutes. Remove bowl from heat, then beat in chocolate mixture. Chill until cool, about 10 minutes.nBeat 1 cup cream in a bowl with cleaned beaters until it just holds stiff peaks, then fold into chocolate mixture. Divide among 8 8ounce stemmed glasses and freeze, covered with plastic wrap, until set, at least 3 hours.nBefore serving, let parfaits stand at room temperature 15 minutes to soften slightly. While parfaits are standing, beat remaining cup cream with confectioners sugar until it just holds stiff peaks, then beat in remaining 2 teaspoons rum and spoon onto parfaits. Parfaits can be frozen up to 1 day., ingredients: [6 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, chopped, 23 cup strong brewed coffee, 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons dark rum, 3 large eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups chilled heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Special equipment: an instantread thermometer], title: Frozen Mocha Rum Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 33423: {instructions: For the sweet potato hash: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Blanch the sweet potatoes until forktender. Drain and set aside.nHeat a saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add the bacon and cook until soft and lightly crisp. Add the sweet potatoes and panfry until the potatoes are lightly browned and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and onions, stirring to incorporate into the hash, and cook until transparent, another 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm and reserve.nFor the jerk mango salsa: Mix together the mangoes and jalapenos in a bowl. Fold in the jerk sauce and reserve.nFor the lemon vinaigrette: Whisk together the Dijon mustard and lemon juice in a bowl. Stream in the oil, whisking until the dressing is emulsified. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Stir in the chives.nFor the salmon: Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper. Heat a 12inch saute pan with the grapeseed oil until hot. Add the salmon and cook about 4 minutes on each side or until the desired internal temperature. Add the butter to the pan and when melted, spoon over the fish. Transfer the fish to a papertowellined plate to drain slightly.nTo plate: Spoon some hash in the center of each plate and top with a piece of salmon. Spoon some jerk mango salsa on top of the salmon, followed by some lemon vinaigrette., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and medium diced, 5 strips bacon, medium diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small red onion, medium diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ripe mangoes, medium diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and small diced, 1 tablespoon Jamaican jerk sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 3 lemons, 14 cup grapeseed oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Four 6 to 7ounce pieces goodquality salmon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Seared Salmon with Sweet Potato Hash and Jerk Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33424: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water, and season with salt. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until potatoes are very tender, about 20 minutes.nHeat the milk and butter in a small small saucepan until hot. With a potato masher or large fork, roughly smash the potatoes, while adding the hot liquid. Stir in half of the scallions, season with the salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and scatter the remaining scallions on top before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds medium redskinned potatoes, scrubbed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for salting water, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 4 scallions white and green parts, finely chopped], title: Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 33425: {instructions: In a blender or food processor blend tuna, mayonaise, deglazing liquid lemon juice, garlic paste, zest, and hot pepper sauce and stir in capers and salt to taste. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Thin sauce to desired consistency with water., ingredients: [1 6 18ounce can solid Italian white tuna packed in water, drained, 12 cup mayonaise, 12 cup deglazing liquid, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 garlic cloves, mashed to a paste with 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly grated lemon zest, Hot sauce, to taste, 1 tablespoon drained capers], title: Tonnato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33426: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the crust:nStir all of the ingredients together in a large bowl. Butter a 9inch springform pan. Press the crumb mixture onto the bottom and about halfway up the sides of the pan.nTo make the filling:nBeat the cream and goat cheeses in the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. Add the creme fraiche and beat to combine. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each egg is added, until thoroughly combined. Beat in the sugar and vanilla until just combined.nPour the filling into the prepared crust. Put on a baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake for 55 to 60 minutes. Rotate the baking sheet halfway through the cooking process. If the cheesecake starts to color, tent the springform pan with aluminum foil.nRemove the cheesecake from the oven and let it cool completely before serving, as it continues to set as it cools. It is best to refrigerate overnight before serving. Cut the cake into wedges and serve with Vanilla Pineapple Compote.nSay cheesecakenCombine the brown sugar, water, rum, and vanilla beans in a saucepan over medium heat. Squeeze the lemon juice into the pan and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, add the pineapple and stir until well mixed. Simmer until the liquid has reduced to a syrupy consistency and the pineapple is soft.nLet cool and serve as an accoutrement to yummy desserts like goat cheese cheesecake, ingredients: [2 cups gingersnap crumbs, 6 tablespoons melted butter, plus extra butter for pan, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12ounce log goat cheese, 12 ounces creme fraiche or sour cream, 4 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Vanilla Pineapple Compote, recipe follows, Special equipment: 9inch springform pan, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup rum, 2 vanilla beans, split, seeds scraped and reserved, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 ripe pineapple, top, skin and core removed, cut into bitesize wedges], title: Goat Cheese Cheesecake, picturelink: 9jKIS513y6e1O7wPG8lykpzVJzVOW}, 33427: {instructions: Cut jalapeno in half and remove seeds. Roughly chop shrimp. Fill the cavity loosely with cream cheese. Add in cooked, chopped shrimp. Wrap peppers with prosciutto. Insert a toothpick to hold together. Grill until done, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [16 jalapeno peppers, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 16 large shrimp, cleaned and cooked, 8 ounces prosciutto, 16 toothpicks], title: Jalapeno Wrapped Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 33428: {instructions: Place a rack at the top of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut 14inch off the top of each tomato and discard. Use a spoon to hollow out the tomatoes to about halfway down the center. Discard the pulp or reserve for another use. Use your hands to rub the outside of the tomatoes with a light coating of the oil, then drizzle any remaining oil inside the tomatoes. Season the inside of the tomatoes with 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the tomatoes in a 9by13inch baking dish and reserve.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the oats, flour, scallions, lemon zest, cheese, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Use your fingers to work the butter into the mixture until it resembles large crumblike pieces. Evenly divide the oat crumble among the tomatoes.nBake until the tomatoes are tender and the crumble is golden brown and crispy, 45 to 50 minutes, rotating the dish halfway through.nCarefully transfer the tomatoes to a platter and garnish with the sliced basil leaves to serve., ingredients: [8 medium vineripe tomatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup oldfashioned oats, 13 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 2 scallions, thinly sliced about 3 tablespoons, 1 large lemon, finely zested, 2 ounces finely grated Parmesan about 34 cup, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 large fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced], title: Healthy Baked Tomatoes with Cheesy Oat Crumble, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 33429: {instructions: Add all ingredients into a large mixing bowl and mix with an electric mixer for approximately 60 seconds, or until well blended. Strain the mixture through a fine mesh colander to remove any lumps.nPreheat a 10inch, nonstick saute pan. Add some oil to coat the bottom of the pan and place approximately 2 ounces of batter into the pan, then rotate the pan to spread the batter evenly across the bottom of the pan. Cook until the top of the crepe appears dry, approximately 1 minute. Then flip the crepe and cook on the other side for about 20 seconds. Remove from the pan and continue making crepes with remaining batter., ingredients: [12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 23 cup whipped eggs, 3 cups milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: First Awakenings Crepes, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 33430: {instructions: In a microwavesafe bowl, mix the sugar, heavy cream, chocolate, and butter together and microwave for 2 minutes.nTake out of microwave and give it a quick whisk. Add wine and whisk again. Transfer to a fondue pot with a flame underneath. Serve with pound cake cubes, strawberries, and biscotti bits on the side, for dipping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon cabernet sauvignon, Pound cake cubes, for dipping, Strawberries, cleaned, for dipping, Biscotti bits, for dipping], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: xK47UjLOdy9n6nKE5VS0kdfdeVDkOi2}, 33431: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLay out the beef rounds in a single layer. Season the meat on both sides with the garlic salt and black pepper. Put the meat in a medium mixing bowl and add the vinegar. Let the meat marinate for at least 2 hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill to high heat.nRemove the meat from the marinade and put on the hot grill. Grill until the meat is cooked to desired doneness. Transfer the meat to a cutting board. Cut the meat into 1inch pieces and set aside in bowl, covered with foil, to keep warm.nHeat a large pan or griddle over medium heat. Spread the cut sides of the bolillo rolls with mayonnaise. Toast them in the pan, mayonnaise side down, until golden.nCombine the chopped onions and cilantro in a small bowl.nTo assemble the tortas, top the bottom half of the roll with sliced avocado, a handful of the cut meat, some of the cilantroonion mixture and some of the Torta Salsa. Top with shredded lettuce and 2 tomato slices. Repeat with remaining rolls and ingredients. Cover with the roll tops, cut in half and serve.nAdd all of the ingredients to a medium saucepan and bring to boil over medium heat. Cook until the onions are translucent. Remove from the heat and let cool.nTransfer the cooled mixture to a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [2 12 pounds chuck roll, sliced into 14inch rounds, 3 tablespoons garlic salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup white vinegar, 8 bolillo rolls, sliced lengthwise, Mayonnaise, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 avocados, halved, pitted and flesh sliced, Torta Salsa, recipe follows, 1 head Iceberg lettuce, shredded, 4 medium tomatoes, sliced, 3 medium tomatoes, cut in quarters, 6 jalapenos, 12 onion, chopped, 3 12 cups water], title: Carne Asada, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 33432: {instructions: Place oven rack in center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.nPreheat a small pan over medium to medium high heat. Add oil and onion and saute 5 minutes. Place onion in a bowl. Add chopped dry, defrosted spinach and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add feta to the bowl and combine it with spinach. Add beaten egg and sour cream to the bowl and combine with cheese, spinach and onion.nOn a large work surface, place 1 sheet of phyllo. Paint half of the sheet with a little melted butter, paying extra attention to your perimeter. Fold sheet in half. Pile 14 of your spinach mixture into a log shape working 2 inches from bottom and each side. Tuck bottom up and fold both sides in, then roll and wrap upwards until you reach the edge of the dough sheet. Each pastry will resemble an egg roll. Paint the seam and the ends of the roll with butter and set roll seam side down on a cookie sheet. Repeat and make 4 rolls. Bake 15 minutes or until lightly golden all over and serve., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, half a turn of the pan, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry, Salt and pepper, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, ground or freshly grated, 4 ounces feta with black pepper or plain feta, crumbled into tiny bits, 1 egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 4 13 by 17inch sheets, defrosted phyllo pastry dough, 3 tablespoons melted butter], title: Spanikopita, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 33433: {instructions: For each kind of mayonnaise, mix all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup caramelized onions, 1 heaping teaspoon smoked paprika, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 heaping teaspoon grated ginger root, Zest and juice of 12 lime, 12 tablespoon jerk spice, Small handful chopped scallions, Pinch salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup chopped arugula, 1 heaping teaspoon Dijon mustard, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons grated horseradish, Juice of 12 lemon, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Chucks TriplePlay Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 33434: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the bread in half, then cut each half crosswise into 4 strips toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil and the sage and season with salt and pepper. Put 1 strip of bread and 1 provolone stick across the center of each chicken cutlet. Tightly roll up the chicken around the bread and cheese, then wrap each roll with a piece of pancetta and secure with a toothpick.nHeat a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the chicken cook, turning, until browned, 4 minutes. Add 34 cup chicken broth. Transfer the skillet to the oven cook until the chicken is golden and cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until slightly golden, about 30 seconds. Add the beans and cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Add the escarole, the remaining 14 cup chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the escarole is tender, 7 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the skillet using a slotted spoon. Cook the pan juices in the skillet over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and swirl in the butter. Serve the chicken with the pan sauce and escarole mixture.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 slice country white bread, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces provolone cheese, cut into 8 sticks 12 inch by 1 inch, 8 chicken cutlets about 1 12 pounds, 8 slices pancetta about 2 ounces, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 head escarole or chicory, trimmed and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Chicken Rollatini, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 33435: {instructions: For the pulled pork: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and slightly softened, about 2 more minutes. Add the achiote paste and mix well to incorporate. Add the orange and pineapple juices and bring to a boil. Once it boils, turn the heat off and carefully transfer to a blender. Cool. Process the mixture until smooth, about 2 minutes. Set aside.nSprinkle the pork butt heavily with salt and pepper on all sides. Arrange the orange skins on the bottom of a 5 12 to 6quart slow cooker, skinside up this adds more flavor to the pork and ensures the meat will not dry out. Scatter the pork butt on top of the oranges. Pour the achiote puree inside the slow cooker. Cover the slow cooker and turn on to high heat. Let it cook until the pork is tender and ready to shred, about 5 hours.nTurn the slow cooker off and remove the oranges from the pot and discard. Let the pork cool slightly before shredding. Using two forks or with clean hands, shred the pork. Return the shredded meat to the slow cooker filled with sauce and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the pickled habaneros: Mix the habanero chiles, lime juice, olive oil, oregano and salt together in a small bowl. Mix well to incorporate. Let stand at least 20 minutes. They can be made 1 day ahead.nFor the pickled red onions: Mix the lime juice, olive oil, oregano, salt and onions together in a medium bowl. Mix well to incorporate. Let stand for 30 minutes. They can be made 1 day ahead.nServe the pork in the warmed corn tortillas with pickled habaneros and red onions, shredded cabbage and crema., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 white onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons achiote paste, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, skins reserved from 6 oranges, 13 cup pineapple juice, 2 12 pounds pork butt, cut into 3inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 24 warmed corn tortillas, 5 habanero chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup freshly squeezed lime juice about 5 limes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon crumbled dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 red onion, quartered and cut in 1inch strips, Shredded red cabbage, Mexican crema], title: Shredded Pork Tacos, picturelink: JIK5XCr62kZQLqABT14siBGQ4rGx6Bi}, 33436: {instructions: Mashed Potatoes: Place potatoes in boiling, salted water and cook until soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain. While the potatoes are cooking, combine the hot milk and melted butter. In a small saute pan, add the oil and heat. Add the corn and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the milk mixture to the drained potatoes with the chipotle puree and sauteed corn and mash. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside and keep warm.nMix the crabmeat, garlic, mayonnaise, and herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture into 8 equal portions.nPlace the flour in a shallow dish or bowl. Place the eggs in a separate bowl, and the bread crumbs in a separate bowl. Dredge each crab cake in the flour, then the egg, then the bread crumbs, shaking off any excess. Refrigerate until ready to cook.nMelt 12 of the butter in a large saute pan. Add the crab cakes in batches and cook until golden brown on both sides, adding more butter as necessary.nPlace potatoes in center of plate. Stack crab cakes onto mashed potatoes. Drizzle chipotle honey and basil oil around plate. Place a dollop of remoulade sauce on top of crab cakes.nCombine all ingredients in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth.nChipotle Honey:n4 ounces honeyn1 ounce chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, pureednCombine the honey with the chipotle pureenBlanch the basil leaves in boiling water for 10 seconds. Drain and plunge in a water bath. Dry the leaves well and place in a blender. Add the garlic and puree with oil until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine all ingredients in food processor or blender until smooth., ingredients: [5 Idaho potatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 cup hot milk, 4 ounces melted butter, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 to 2 ears corn, shucked, kernels removed from the cob, Salt and pepper, Chipotle Puree, recipe follows, 1 12 to 2 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 ounce garlic, chopped, 4 ounces mayonnaise, Pinch chopped fresh herbs tarragon, thyme, sage, Salt and pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons butter, Basil Oil, recipe follows, Remoulade, recipe follows, 3 ounces chipotle in adobo, 14 bunch cilantro, stemmed, 1 ounce garlic, 1 bunch basil, leaves picked, 1 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 ounce shallot, peeled and sliced, 3 ounces cornishons or 12 dill pickle, 1 tablespoon capers, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon brandy, Salt and pepper], title: Louisiana Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes with Roasted Corn and Chipotle Mashed Potatoes with Remoulade and Chipotle Honey, picturelink: null}, 33437: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the beef in a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish. Pour the wine over the meat and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 12 hours. Turn the meat over and marinate for another 1 12 hours.nRemove the meat from the wine and pat dry with paper towels. Reserve the wine.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat 3 tablespoons of the oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat on all sides with salt and pepper. Using tongs, place the meat in the pan and brown on all sides, about 2 minutes each side. Remove the meat and add the remaining oil. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently for 2 minutes. Add the carrots, celery, garlic, olives, green beans, potatoes, rosemary, and sage. Cook for 3 minutes. Pour the reserved wine, tomatoes, and beef broth into the pan, scraping up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Return the meat to the pan and bring the liquid to a boil. Cover the pan and simmer for 3 to 3 12 hours or until the meat is very tender.nRemove the meat and the rosemary sprigs from the stew. Place the meat on a cutting board and cut into quarters. Using 2 forks, shred the meat into bitesize pieces. Add the shredded meat to the stew and cook until warmed through, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 pound beef brisket, 1 750 ml bottle Chianti wine, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4ounce piece pancetta, cut into 14inch pieces, 3 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 stalk celery, chopped into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 cup 1 12 ounces kalamata olives, halved, 6 ounces green beans, halved, 4 medium red potatoes, quartered, 2 sprigs rosemary, 2 sage leaves, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 4 cups beef broth], title: Chianti Marinated Beef Stew, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 33438: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, bring the jam and cornstarch mixture to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook stirring for 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside and let cool to room temperature.nLay 1 sheet of pastry on a board and cut it into 4 equal strips. Put a heaping teaspoon of cooled jam in the middle of the upper part of the dough and fold over the bottom part. Seal the edges with a bit of water and crimp with a fork. Arrange the pastries on a parchment lined baking sheet. Repeat with the other pastry sheet. Bake until golden about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the pastries from oven and allow them to cool completely.nIn a small bowl, add the powdered sugar and whisk in, 12 tablespoon of lemon juice at a time, to make a thick icing consistency. Drizzle the icing over the pastries and sprinkle with colored sugar, if desired. Allow the icing to set for about 30 minutes. Enjoy at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup blueberry or strawberry jam, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water, 2 sheets puff pastry, thawed, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Colored sugar, optional], title: Homemade Toaster Pastry, picturelink: null}, 33439: {instructions: Spread pasta sauce between 2 slices of crusty bread and top with taleggio cheese cook in a buttered skillet or panini press.nSee all 50 recipes using pasta sauce., ingredients: [], title: Taleggio Panini, picturelink: tz3KuV4zkAjPrlsSHs7AQx1joYVqMS}, 33440: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulse the coconut until coarsely ground and transfer to a shallow bowl. Mix coconut with bread crumbs, curry powder, and salt, and set aside. Beat egg whites until slightly foamy. Dip shrimp in egg whites and coat with coconut mixture. Repeat to form a double coating. Place shrimp on rack placed within a sheet pan and bake for 10 minutes. Garnish with lime wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 cup shredded, sweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 egg whites, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Crispy Curried Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 33441: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the cream, vanilla bean and its pulp into a medium saucepan set over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, cover and allow to sit for 15 minutes. Remove the vanilla bean and reserve for another use.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together 12 cup sugar and the egg yolks until well blended and it just starts to lighten in color. Add the cream a little at a time, stirring continually. Pour the liquid into 6 7 to 8ounce ramekins. Place the ramekins into a large cake pan or roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake just until the creme brulee is set, but still trembling in the center, approximately 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove the ramekins from the roasting pan and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 3 days. Remove the creme brulee from the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes prior to browning the sugar on top. Divide the remaining 12 cup vanilla sugar equally among the 6 dishes and spread evenly on top. Using a torch, melt the sugar and form a crispy top. Allow the creme brulee to sit for at least 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 cup vanilla sugar, divided, 6 large egg yolks, 2 quarts hot water], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 33442: {instructions: For the molds: In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the chocolate. Temper the milk chocolate by melting it first and allowing it cool to about 82 degrees F. Reheat the chocolate to about 88 degrees F for use. Prepare 2 trays of chocolate hemisphere molds 32 pieces per mold with tempered melted milk chocolate by coating the insides of the mold with a layer of the milk chocolate. Allow to set. Reserve extra tempered chocolate.nFor the praline butter: In a small saucepot over low heat, heat the fondant and invert sugar until soft. In a separate small saucepot over low heat, melt the chocolate. Combine the fondant, melted chocolate, praline, and butter in a separate bowl and mix with an immersion blender until smooth. Place in a piping bag without a tip.nUsing the pastry bag, fill the prepared chocolate hemisphere molds with the praline butter until each mold is about 34 full. Cover the praline butterfilled mold with more tempered milk chocolate to seal the bonbon. Scrape the top to remove excess chocolate. Let rest at room temperature until set, 2 to 3 hours.nCarefully unmold. For the legs, place the remaining tempered milk chocolate in a piping bag and pipe 2inch lines on strips of parchment paper, cut 3 inches by 6inches, and curl the paper slightly to create an arc. Hold the shape by placing the paper between 2 sturdy objects, like 2 books. Let the chocolate set. Take each leg and adhere to the unmolded chocolate bonbon with a little additional tempered milk chocolate. Each chocolate mold requires 8 legs., ingredients: [4 pounds milk chocolate, chopped, Chocolate hemisphere molds, 2 tablespoons fondant, 1 tablespoon invert sugar, 5 ounces milk chocolate chopped, 1 pound praline, 1 12 cups 3 sticks butter, at room temperature], title: Chocolate Praline Spider Bonbons, picturelink: OgMBCF1BS6NVHVII..rPMVl8raEG3k.}, 33443: {instructions: Combine the scallions, oil, soy sauce, ginger, brown sugar, thyme leaves, allspice, cinnamon, garlic, Scotch bonnet peppers, lime zest and juice and 12 teaspoon ground black pepper in a food processor. Pulse until smooth. Reserve 12 cup marinade for basting later. Put the chicken wings and remaining marinade in a large resealable plastic bag. Rub the thyme sprigs between your hands and add to the bag. Seal the bag and massage to distribute the marinade evenly. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to overnight. Remove to room temperature 30 minutes before grilling.nPreheat a grill for indirect and direct grilling over medium heat. For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to medium. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nLightly oil the grill grates. Remove the wings from the bag and season all over with salt. Add the wings to the indirectheat side. Cover and cook, flipping halfway through, about 20 minutes the wings will be almost completely cooked at this point. Uncover the grill and baste the wings with some of the reserved marinade. Flip the wings onto the hot side of the grill to crisp up and cook, about 3 minutes, then baste, flip and cook until the wings are cooked all the way through, about 4 minutes more.nSprinkle with sliced scallions and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 cup scallions, whites and greens roughly chopped 6 to 8 scallions, plus extra sliced for garnish, 13 cup vegetable oil, plus additional for oiling the grill grates, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, packed, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, plus a small handful of sprigs, 34 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 Scotch bonnet peppers, halved and seeds removed see Cooks Note, Zest and juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds chicken wings, wingettes and drumettes separated and tips discarded], title: Grilled Jerk Chicken Wings, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 33444: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine the cream of coconut, tamari, vinegar, green and red chiles, ginger, garlic, lime juice, red onion, pineapple and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Mix well, then add the snapper and coat in the dressing.nServe in shallow bowls topped with shredded coconut, macadamia nuts, cilantro, mint and scallions., ingredients: [1 can cream of coconut, such as Coco Lopez, 2 tablespoons tamari, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced green chile, 1 tablespoon minced red chile, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lime, 12 red onion, cut into small dice, 12 cup small diced pineapple, Salt and pepper, 1 pound red snapper fillet, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, 14 cup toasted macadamia nuts, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 sprigs fresh mint, chiffonade, 2 scallions, sliced on the bias], title: Pina Colada Snapper Poke, picturelink: syqUOTwaPYUGHSvUmZEA96N3K1ZD2G6}, 33445: {instructions: Line two or three cookie sheets or jelly roll pans with parchment paper or foil. Set racks on the top and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl, soften the almond paste with the sugar and half of the eggs. Beat in the butter gradually, then gradually add the remaining eggs. Cream all of the ingredients until light. Add the flour all at once and mix until all the elements adhere. Do not over mix.nPipe 12 inch shapes onto the prepared pans with a 12 inch star tube Ateco 4. Bake for about 15 minutes. Cool on the pans, ingredients: [14 pound almond paste, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup eggs 2 large eggs and 1 yolk, usually, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 3 cups cake flour], title: Almond Butter Spritz Cookies, picturelink: null}, 33446: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the bechamel cheese sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and stir constantly to incorporate  you do not want any color. Gradually pour in the milk as you stir, and whisk out any lumps. As the mixture thickens up continue to stir until it reaches a boil  this ensures the flour is cooked completely. Dump in the cheese and stir for another minute until the cheese is completely melted. Stir in the horseradish and season with salt and pepper, then set aside to keep warm.nMake arugula mayonnaise: Put arugula in a food processor with the lemon juice and salt and pepper. Top with mayonnaise and process until well combined. Give it a taste and adjust seasoning if required.nPrepare the steak: Take the finely sliced steak and shingle it out into 2 portions on a clean cutting board lined with parchment. Put the shingled meat between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound out using either a saute pan or a meat mallet. After first pounding, remove the plastic wrap, fold in the edges, replace plastic and pound the meat some more. Store wrapped in plastic in the refrigerator. Now the meat is ready when you want to cook it.nHeat a large, flat grillpan over medium heat. Split hoagie rolls in half, drizzle with olive oil and place onto griddle.nTake the meat out of the refrigerator. Peel off 1 side of the plastic wrap and season with salt and pepper. Put this side down in the pan and then quickly peel off the other side of the plastic wrap and season again. Cook slowly in the pan until juicy and tender and just past pink in color. Turn the meat over and then fold with some of the cheese sauce.nTo serve, smear each half of the roll with arugula mayonnaise. Top the bottom with the steak and cheese, then lay a scoop of fennel slaw over the top.nFinely slice fennel using a mandoline, or the grater attachment on your food processor. In a large mixing bowl combine the lemon juice, mayonnaise, and sour cream and stir to combine. Add the finely sliced fennel and coleslaw mix, herbs, and olive oil and fold together. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 3 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 2 cups grated Gruyere, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 bunch baby arugula, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 soft hoagie rolls, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound ribeye, finely sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Fennel Slaw, recipe follows, 1 large fennel bulb, fronds removed and halved, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 heaping tablespoons sour cream, 1 bag coleslaw mix, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Ultimate Steak Sandwich, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 33447: {instructions: Pat cutlets dry. Season cutlets with salt and pepper, then dredge in flour, then egg, then breadcrumbs. In a large skillet, add clarified butter and saute cutlets on both sides until golden brown and crunchy. Drain on paper towels, keep warm.nIn a separate skillet over high heat, cook the bacon and the onions until they both start to brown. Add mustard and capers. Add a small lump of butter to the mix and immediately add the chanterelles. As the mushrooms begin to absorb the butter, add just enough cream to cover the bottom of the pan. Simmer sauce to reduce slightly. Add more mustard or capers as needed.nTo serve, spoon sauce over browned schnitzels., ingredients: [2 3ounce pork cutlets, pounded thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 eggs, beaten, Breadcrumbs, for dredging, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 3 slices smoked bacon, roughly chopped, 12 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, Butter, 34 pounds chanterelle mushrooms, chopped if large, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Pork Schnitzel with Chanterelle Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 33448: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nCombine the yogurt with the spices and zest of lime in a large bowl.nCut the chicken into large chunks and season liberally with salt and pepper. Add to the yogurt mixture and toss to coat evenly. Put a small wire rack on a baking sheet or a slotted broiler pan. Arrange the chicken on the rack or slotted pan and roast until charred at the edges and juices run clear, about 15 minutes.nCombine the apple, tomatoes and scallions in a serving bowl. Add the lime juice, oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine.nTransfer the chicken to a serving platter and serve with appletomato topping and warm bread., ingredients: [1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon turmeric, a palmful, 1 tablespoon coriander, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 a palmful, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 13 palmful, 1 lime, zested, 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 green apple, peeled, cored and thinly sliced into matchsticks, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and very thinly sliced lengthwise, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 4 pieces naan bread, plain or flavored, storebought, warmed], title: Almost Tandoori Chicken, picturelink: sn7AIeZcYBFP536xJTsMtXS3g90jiEi}, 33449: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and garlic, and saute until the garlic is golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and discard the garlic. Increase the heat to high and add the squash. Saute, tossing frequently until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and mint and cook until warmed, about 1 minute more. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve in a warm bowl., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, smashed, 1 pound small zucchini, cut into 3 by 12inch strips, 1 pound small yellow summer squash, cut into 3 by 12inch strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup quartered vineripened grape or cherry tomatoes, 8 mint leaves, cut into thin strips], title: Sauteed Summer Squash and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 33450: {instructions: Preheat peanut oil in a deep fryer to 300 degrees F with peanut oil.nSlice the potatoes into very thin 18inch slices using a mandolin with a straight blade attachment or a V slicer. Keep the potatoes in a large bowl of cold water for 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a colander and blot dry with paper towels y. You dont want to put wet potatoes into hot oil.nFry the potatoes in batches, only a handful at a time, for about 3 to 4 minutes. Once they reach a golden brown color, remove the chips from the fryer and drain on a paper towellined sheet tray. Season the chips with salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 large russet potatoes, scrubbed, Kosher salt and, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Pepper Chips, picturelink: 1AXDOAr3bqd.FDXkjDSRbP99bRO1RPC}, 33451: {instructions: For the spicy tartar: Combine the mayonnaise, yogurt, pickles, red pepper, onion, capers, lemon juice, tarragon, chives, hot sauce and cayenne in a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir well, then cover and refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes to allow flavors to come together.nFor the sardines: Preheat a grill to high. Rinse the sardines in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Season the cavity of each sardine with salt and pepper, then place a sprig of thyme and oregano inside each along with a few slices of lemon and garlic. Season outside with salt and pepper. Carefully tie the sardines with butcheru00bfs twine to help keep them closed during grilling. Wipe down the grill grates with a towel dipped in oil to clean and create a nonstick surface. Carefully place sardines across grates and grill for 3 to 4 minutes, until skin blisters and chars around the edges. Using a spatula, carefully turn the sardines and grill for a further 2 to 3 minutes to cook through. When done, remove to a platter and keep warm until ready to serve. Serve the sardines slathered with the Spicy Tartar., ingredients: [1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup fatfree Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons finely diced pickles, 2 tablespoons finely diced pickled sweet red pepper, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced brined capers, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 3 dashes hot sauce, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 whole large, fresh sardines, cleaned but with head and tail intact, Flaky sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 sprigs fresh oregano, 1 lemon, cut into thin wheels, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Mediterranean Sardines with Lemon and Garlic, picturelink: BPj.8VernqpmNCu.2ZLEXFlvivVbbW}, 33452: {instructions: Make the dressing: In a blender or food processor blend the garlic, the vinegar, the lemon juice, the curry powder, the chutney, salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is smooth. With the motor running add the oil in a stream, add the sour cream and the water, adding additional water if necessary to reach the desired consistency, and blend the dressing until it is combined well. Transfer the dressing to a small bowl and stir in the coriander. the dressing may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered chilled.nMake the wild rice mixture: In a large heavy saucepan combine the wild rice with the water and the salt and simmer it, covered, for 45 to 50 minutes, or until it is absorbed. Transfer the wildnrice to a large bowl and add the vinegar, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss the mixture well and let is cool completely. The wild rice mixture may be prepared up to this point 1 cay in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir in the scallions and the raisins.nCut the chicken into 34inch pieces. Spoon the wild rice mixture onto one side of a large shallow serving dish, arrange the chicken on the other half, and arrange the mache decoratively down the middle. Serve the dressing separately. Alternatively, the wild rice mixture, the chicken, and the dressing may be tossed together in a large serving bowl and garnished with the mache., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons curry powder, 3 tablespoons bottled mango chutney, 23 cup olive oil, 34 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons water, 12 cup chopped fresh coriander, 2 12 cups wild rice, rinsed, 6 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 bunch of scallions including the green part, chopped about 34 cup, 1 cup golden raisins, 6 whole smoked boneless chicken breasts about 312 to 4 pounds, skinned if desired, available at some butcher shops and specialty food shops, 3 cups mache lambslettuce, washed well and spun dry], title: Curried Smoked Chicken and Wild Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 33453: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the peanuts in a shallow pan and bake for 10 minutes. Let cool and chop coarse. Coarsely grate the carrots. Heat the oil in a large wok or skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the carrots and cook, stirring constantly, until cooked evenly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the peanuts and pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper. Finish with a squeeze of lime juice and serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted peanuts, 1 pound medium carrots, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, preferably peanut, 14 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, Squeeze fresh lime juice], title: StirFried Spicy Carrots with Peanuts, picturelink: null}, 33454: {instructions: For the pastry: In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar and salt. Using a pastry blender, cut the butter into the flour mixture until you have something that resembles coarse meal with a few larger peasized pieces of butter. Add 6 tablespoons ice water and stir with a fork. If you can squeeze the mixture together in your hands, you have added enough water if not, add a little more. The dough will look shaggy. Knead the dough with your hands a couple times in the bowl to get it to start to come together. Tip the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap. Use the edges of the plastic wrap to help gather the dough and form it into a flat rectangle. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nFor the fillings: In a large saucepan, combine the blueberries, 12 cup of the sugar, 3 tablespoons of the cornstarch and the salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the blueberries have released some juice and the sauce is thick, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool completely.nIn a medium bowl, beat together the cream cheese, lemon zest and the remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 14 cup sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg yolk. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the egg wash: In a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water.nOn a lightly floured piece of parchment, roll the dough out into a rectangle about 12 by 14 inches. Trim the ragged edges. Pop the dough in the fridge to chill if it has gotten too soft. Spread the cream cheese filling on the right half of the dough rectangle, leaving a 1 12inch border around the edges. Top with the cooled blueberry filling. Brush the border with the egg wash. Use the parchment to lift the left half of the dough over the filling. Use a fork to seal the edges. Using the parchment, transfer the pie to a baking sheet. Brush the top with more egg wash and sprinkle with the sanding sugar if using. Use a small paring knife to cut a few small slits in the top to vent the pie. Bake until golden brown and set, 40 to 50 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool before slicing., ingredients: [3 cups 13 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 6 to 8 tablespoons ice water, 4 cups wild blueberries, frozen or fresh, 34 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch kosher salt, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 large egg yolk, 1 large egg yolk, Sanding sugar, for sprinkling optional], title: BlueberriesandCream Slab Pie, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 33455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy 5 or 6 quart saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, until brown and crispy, about 6 to 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels. Set aside. Add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock, basil, tomato paste, thyme, and bay leaf. Add the chicken and press down to submerge. Bring the liquid to a simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, turning the chicken over and stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Add the artichokes and the cannellini beans and simmer until the chicken is cooked through and the liquid has reduced slightly, about 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the chicken and let cool for 5 minutes. Discard the bones and cut the meat into bitesize pieces. Return the meat to the saucepan and simmer for 5 minutes until warmed through. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Season the spezzatino with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the spezzatino into bowls and garnish with the cooked pancetta., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 4ounce piece pancetta, diced into 14inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 1 onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, halved, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 14ounce cans lowsodium chicken stock, 12 packed cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 skinless chicken breasts with rib meat about 1 12 to 2 pounds total, 12 ounces frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained], title: Chicken, Artichoke and Cannellini Bean Spezzatino, picturelink: 0M2Id30yxKcQo9I3L63TsWriKA9by6W}, 33456: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nPlace the garlic cut side down in a large roasting pan. Add the butter, oil, a pinch of salt, a couple of twists of black pepper, the honey, rosemary, and bay leaves and bake in the oven for 40 to 45 minutes. After 30 to 35 minutes, put a large cross in the top of the Camembert and add it to the oven. Make sure the plastic covering and lid is removed, but it is still in its cardboard box. Add the French baguette to warm up too.nOnce the garlic is soft, the bread is extra crunchy, and the cheese is all soft and gooey, remove from the oven.nServe everything on a big sharing plate. Break off a piece of crusty bread, then squeeze out the tender flesh of the garlic along with a healthy dose of cheese and smear it liberally over the bread.nServe with a chutney or relish and a good glass of red wine., ingredients: [2 bulbs of garlic, unpeeled with the tops sliced off, 3 tbsp1 12 oz40g butter, Scant 13 cup3fl oz80ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 squidge of honey, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 3 bay leaves, 7 to 9oz200 to 250g Camembert, plastic wrapping and lid removed but still in its wooden box, at room temperature, 1 French baguette, ripped into 4in10cm pieces and sliced horizontally], title: Camembert and Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 33457: {instructions: Filling:nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over medium heat. Set a bowl of wellsalted ice water on the counter. Add the broccoli rabe and cook for 1 minute, remove the broccoli rabe from the boiling water and plunge it immediately into the salted ice water. Reserve the boiling water to cook the pasta. Once the broccoli rabe has cooled, remove it from the ice water and squeeze out any excess water.nFinely chop the broccoli rabe the food processor works really well here and put it in a large mixing bowl. Add the ricotta, eggs and Parmigiano and season with salt, to taste. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Put the filling in a pastry bag and reserve.nPasta:nSet the pasta roller on the widest setting 1. Start with half the pasta dough, keep the other half covered until ready to use. Using your hands, flatten the dough as much as you can to facilitate it going through the pasta roller. Run the dough through the roller, twice dusting it in between rolls if it feels sticky. Fold the dough into thirds and turn it 90 degrees a quarter turn and run it through the pasta machine 2 to 3 times. Move the roller to the next setting 2 and run the pasta through. Dust lightly with flour if the dough feels sticky. Continue to run the dough through the machine reducing the opening or moving the setting to the next larger number in between every roll. Stop when you get to the correct thinness, this will usually be around number 5 or 6 on the dial, but every machine is different, you will have to be the judge of your own pasta thickness.nTip: When rolling out pasta dough, always hold the pasta on the tops of your hands palms down If you hold it fingers up you will create stretch marks and those are never goodnTo assemble the ravioli:nLay out the dough on a flat surface. Brush the lower half of the dough the part that is closest to you lightly with water. This is the glue that will hold the ravioli together. Use the glue sparingly, if you use too much the pasta will slide and not stick. Pipe 1inch balls of filling onto the pasta that has been brushed with water, leaving about 2 inches between each ball. Fold the top half of the pasta down over the filling to meet the bottom edge. Using your index fingers, poke around each filling ball to seal the ravioli shut, AND to make sure that there are no air bubbles. Using a fluted round cutter or a fluted pastry wheel or even a drinking glass, cut out each ravioli. Transfer to a sheet tray dusted with semolina or polenta and reserve until ready to use.nTo cook the ravioli and make the sauce:nAdd the butter to a large saute pan and bring to a medium heat. Add 1 cup of chicken stock and season with salt, to taste. Shake the pan to incorporate the butter and stock and simmer until the stock has reduced a bit and the sauce looks velvety and is the consistency of heavy cream. If the sauce thickens too much, adjust the consistency with chicken stock.nAdd the ravioli to the pot of boiling water and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully remove the ravioli from the cooking water and put them immediately into the sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil shaking frequently to be sure that the ravioli dont stick to the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle with 1 cup of Parmigiano and swirl to combine the cheese with the sauce.nTransfer the ravioli to a serving platter and sprinkle with a little more grated Parmesan. Garnish with chopped pistachios and serve.nMangia Bene, ingredients: [1 recipe Chef Annes Allpurpose Pasta Dough, Semolina, for dusting, Kosher salt, 2 bunches broccoli rabe, tough lower stems removed, 3 cups ricotta, 3 eggs, 34 cups grated Parmigiano, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 to 1 12 cups chicken stock, Kosher salt, 1 cup grated Parmigiano, plus more for garnish, 1 cup pistachios, toasted and coarsely chopped, for garnish], title: Broccoli Rabe Ravioli with Parmigiano and Pistachios, picturelink: null}, 33458: {instructions: Combine rice, coconut milk, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, and salt, in a heavybottomed saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and cover the pot, leaving the lid slightly ajar. Simmer for 30 minutes. Stir the pot occasionally with a wooden spoon until the mixture has a creamy consistency.nSoak the gelatin sheets in cold water until they soften, about 6 minutes. Take the coconut mixture off the heat, squeeze the excess water from the sheets of gelatin, and add to the coconut mixture. Stir to dissolve the gelatin. Remove the vanilla bean, and divide the pudding into 4 3ounce ramekins.nChill overnight. To unmold the puddings, place ramekins into a hot water bath for about 30 seconds and invert on a plate. Garnish with mango slices., ingredients: [12 cup long grain rice, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 2 sheets gelatin, Ripe mango slices, for garnish], title: Coconut Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 33459: {instructions: Stir in soup and milk in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat to blend. Bring to a simmer, and then gradually whisk in cheese stir until melted. Stir in chives and garlic. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve over broccoli, asparagus, cauliflower, potatoes, or vegetables of your choice., ingredients: [1 can 10.75ounces condensed cream of broccoli soup, 34 cup whole milk, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Vegetable Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33460: {instructions: Remove chicken meat from bones and cut into 1 inch pieces. In a bowl combine soy sauce, ginger and garlic. Add chicken and stir to coat. Marinate for 30 minutes. In a heavy saucepan, heat oil over medium high heat. Add chicken pieces, reserving the marinade. Quickly cook the chicken, stirring constantly. Add the reserved marinade and bring to a simmer. Add hot chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Stir in scallions, spinach and carrot. Break pasta into 4 pieces and add to the pot. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 half chicken, breast and leg meat, 4 cups low sodium canned chicken stock, warmed, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 2 scallions, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound fresh spinach, chopped, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 1 carrot, shredded, 4 ounces Angel hair pasta], title: Speedy Asian Style Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 33461: {instructions: Heat a black iron skillet until very hot add some Kosher salt. Add the flank steak and saute, without stirring for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn over and pan broil for another 4 minutes or until rare.nCut the steak, on the bias, into very thin strips, across the grain and toss, while still warm with some salsa and fresh lime juice season with saltnMake a wreath of the greens on a plate, mound the salsa steak in the center and garnish with chopped red pepper and cilantro, if you wish., ingredients: [10 ounce flank steak, Kosher salt, Salsa, commercial or homemade, Fresh lime juice, Lovely mixed greens lightly dressed with vinaigrette, Chopped cilantro, Some red bell pepper cut into 14 inch dice for garnish], title: Pan Broiled Flank Steak Salsa Salad, picturelink: null}, 33462: {instructions: Place all the ingredients except toppings in a jar or other container with a tightly fitting lid and give them a good stir. Cover and refrigerate overnight or at least 5 hours. In the morning, add additional liquid if youd like. Once you achieve the desired consistency, add the toppings., ingredients: [13 cup oldfashioned rolled oats glutenfree, if needed, 13 cup pumpkin puree, 13 cup almond milk, 1 teaspoon chia seeds, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon pure maple syrup, Toppings: chopped pecans, pure maple syrup], title: Pumpkin Pie Overnight Oats, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 33463: {instructions: Using a mortar and pestle, muddle mint until the oils are released you will smell the mint. Pour the simple syrup into a large pitcher. Add rum, lime juice and blood orange juice and stir vigorously. Add the crushed mint and the sparkling water. Divide the ice among 4 glasses or cups. Pour the limeade mixture into each glass and garnish with blood oranges and fresh mint sprigs.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 handful fresh mint leaves, 14 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves cool, 1 cup light rum, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup fresh blood orange juice, 1 cup sparkling water, 4 cups crushed ice, Blood orange segments and fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Electric Blood Orange Limeade with Muddled Mint, picturelink: SQuGQbhbIrxzXejydrelJzcXZUtSMYG}, 33464: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a frying pan and saute the onions, carrots, garlic, cumin, celery seed, and salt over medium heat until the onions are transparent. In a food processor, combine the nuts, and blend until 12 are a coarse meal and the other are just cracked. Place in a large mixing bowl and add the Sauteed vegetable mixture. Add the garbanzo beans in the processor and process the same way as the nuts. Add flour and arrowroot. Add the beans and parsley to the mixing bowl. Mix everything together well until the mixture has enough body to form a patty. If the mixture is too dry or crumbly, add a small amount of water to help the mixture bind. Form the mixture into 4 burgers. Lightly oil the frying pan and fry the burgers over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until lightly browned.nHeat oil in skillet, saute onion, scallion and garlic until soft. Add tehina and stir until lightly roasted. Dissolve miso and seasoning in 34 cup water. Stir into tehina. Add vinegar and simmer 5 minutes but do not boil. Add fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup diced onions, 12 cup carrots, grated, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 cup walnuts, 1 12 cups cooked garbanzo beans or 1 15 12ounce can, drained, 5 tablespoons gluten flour, 2 tablespoons arrowroot powder, 14 cup fresh parsley, chopped finely, Oil for frying, Tehina Onion Sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 onion, minced, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup tehina tahini, 1 tablespoon white miso or sea salt, to taste, 34 cup water, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, Fresh parsley, minced], title: Garbanzo Bean Burger with Tehina Onion Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33465: {instructions: For the dough: Warm the milk and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan over low heat to about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees F. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and sprinkle the yeast over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the sugar over the top, and let sit without stirring until foamy, about 5 minutes. Then whisk in the butter and egg yolk.nWhisk together the flour, remaining sugar and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center, and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon until you have a thick, sticky dough. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface, and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with butter. Add the dough ball, turning to coat lightly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough ball on the plastic and note the time. Let the dough rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl, and knead briefly to release excess air. Reform it into a ball, and return it to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap, and lay it on the dough. Cover the entire bowl tightly with the rest of the plastic, and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight to let the dough proof.nFor the filling: Melt the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the chopped shallots, and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach, and cook until it is cooked through and nearly all the liquid has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, and stir in the feta, 14 cup of the Parmesan, lemon zest, nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Transfer the filling to a medium bowl, and let cool completely. The filling will firm up a bit, but if its too warm, it will be difficult to form the buns.nTo fill and form the buns: Butter a 9by13inch baking pan with 2 tablespoons softened butter. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface, and press it flat. Roll it into a 10by18inch rectangle, with a long side facing you. Spread the filling evenly over the dough, leaving about a 1inch border on the side opposite you. Sprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan evenly over the filling. Starting from the side facing you, roll the dough up into a tight roll. Lightly brush the 1inch border with water, and continue rolling to seal the roll. Fold the ends in just a bit, and if any spots look thicker than others, even out the roll with your hands.nCut the roll every 1 12 inches with a serrated knife, to make 12 buns. Place the buns cutside down except for the end pieces in the prepared pan, spacing them 1 inch apart. Cover them loosely with plastic wrap, and set in a warm place to rise until the buns double in size, leaving no gaps in between, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nFor the topping: Stir together the butter, dill, lemon zest and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a small bowl set aside.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the buns until theyre golden brown and the tops spring back when pressed lightly, 25 to 30 minutes. Spread the topping evenly over the buns, and return them to the oven until the butter is melted and the topping is fragrant, 5 minutes more. Let them cool in the pan for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast one 14ounce package, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl and plastic wrap, 1 large egg yolk, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons at room temperature for the pan, 12 small shallot, finely chopped, One 10ounce bag frozen chopped spinach, defrosted, 12 cup crumbled feta, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: FetaandSpinach Buns, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 33466: {instructions: Microwave the baking potato for 7 to 8 minutes on high. Carefully remove from microwave using oven mitts. It will be HOT Set aside until cool enough to touch.nWhen potato is cool, cut into 12inch cubes.nAdd Cheese soup, chicken stock, and bacon pieces to a medium pan. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally over medium high heat. Add potato and continue to heat soup for 5 minutes.nLadle soup into bowls and garnish with a dollop of sour cream and a few chopped green onions., ingredients: [1 baking potato, 2 10ounce cans Cheddar cheese soup, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 14 cup real bacon pieces, Sour cream, for garnish, Green onion, finely chopped, optional for garnish], title: Cheddar Cheese Baked Potato Soup, picturelink: JWIVnZdyrGMswWAJchzLHbB2WaLUSWS}, 33467: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet and cook the potatoes whole, do not pierce. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Lightly squeeze the potatoes  if they are soft, they are done. Let cool.nIn a small saute pan over high heat, add the pecans and lightly toast. Add 4 tablespoons of butter, reduce the heat to medium, add the agave and spices, and allow to simmer for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the whiskey and continue to simmer for 5 minutes more.nPeel the potatoes and cut into 12inch slices. Butter the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8inch baking dish. Arrange the sweet potatoes, alternating with the apples. Pour the whiskeypecan mixture over the top and place in the oven.nBake for 30 minutes, basting the top with the whiskey sauce once at 15 minutes.nRemove and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes about 4 large, 1 cup pecans, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for preparing baking dish, 34 cup agave syrup, preferably amber, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup whiskey, 2 cups crisp apples, peeled, cored, and sliced into 1inch pieces], title: WhiskeyGlazed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 33468: {instructions: Preheat a large heavy bottomed pot over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil, 1 turn of the pan, and 1 pound of the diced chicken. Season with salt and pepper and a sprinkle of poultry seasoning. Brown on all sides, about 2 or 3 minutes. Chop your veggies while its working. Add half the andouille to the pan and cook another 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer chicken and sausage to a dish and repeat with remaining chicken and sausage, remembering to season the diced chicken as you go. Return pan to heat and add butter. When the butter melts, add chopped celery, peppers, onion and bay. Season with salt, pepper and hot sauce. Cook 3 to 5 minutes to begin to soften veggies. Add flour and cook for 2 minutes. Slowly stir in the broth and bring liquid up to a boil. Add okra, chicken and sausage to the boiling broth, then stir in your tomatoes and half of your fresh thyme. Bring back up to a bubble, reduce to simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes to combine flavors and adjust your seasonings. Serve gumbo with chopped thyme and scallions to garnish. Scoop cooked white rice into the center of bowlfuls of gumbo using an ice cream scoop. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 pound chicken breast tenders, diced, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, diced or, double amount of white meat, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 12 pounds andouille sausage, casings removed and diced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, chopped, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced, 1 large onion, peeled and chopped, 2 bay leaves, fresh or dried, 2 tablespoons to 14 cup hot cayenne pepper sauce for mild to moderate heat, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart chicken stock or broth, 3 cups chopped okra, fresh or defrosted frozen, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, in puree, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme leaves, several sprigs, 8 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 2 12 cups white enriched rice prepared to package directions], title: One Great Gumbo with Chicken and Andouille Sausage, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 33469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook garlic until soft, about 1 minute. Add peppers and cook until they begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms, asparagus and tomatoes and cook until softened, an additional 5 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 1 minute more. Add chicken stock, milk, salt and pepper and bring to a boil reduce to a simmer and cook until liquid has thickened slightly, about 5 minutes. Stir in carrot strips.nMeanwhile, cook pasta according to package directions drain, reserving 12 cup pasta water. Toss pasta with vegetables and sauce. Add pasta water, if necessary, to loosen mixture. Serve garnished with Parmesan, parsley and basil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves minced garlic, 1 red bell pepper, cleaned, seeded and cut into strips 6 ounces, 12 pound thin asparagus, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup sliced button mushrooms 4 ounces, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, sliced in 12 6 ounces, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup 1 percent milk, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, dissolved in 3 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 large carrot 6 ounces peeled and sliced into strips with a peeler about 2 cups carrot ribbons, 34 pound wholewheat linguine, 12 cup 1 12 ounces grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup shredded basil leaves], title: Pasta Primavera, picturelink: 0pS9y1UFtNx3Mq1ftaco7ZK7hHOV7MS}, 33470: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the chicken in a baking dish sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper and arrange skin side up. Loosen the skin from each chicken breast and slip a basil leaf between the skin and the meat. Add the garlic to the baking dish. Place a slice of lemon on top of each piece of chicken. Drizzle with oil. Bake, basting occasionally with pan juices and turning the chicken and the baking dish occasionally so the chicken browns evenly, 35 to 40 minutes. If using a whole chicken, the baking time will be about 50 minutes. To serve, place a browned lemon slice and garlic clove on top of each portion of chicken., ingredients: [4 chicken breast halves with skin and bones 8 to 10 ounces each, fat trimmed or 1 whole chicken about 2 pounds cut up, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large basil leaves, 4 cloves garlic, bruised with the side of a knife, 4 thin lemon slices, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil], title: Famous Lemon and Basil Chicken, picturelink: null}, 33471: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking soda, and ground cinnamon. In large bowl, combine the butter, dark brown sugar, and granulated sugar with a hand mixer. Beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the beaten eggs and the pomegranate juice and mix until well incorporated. Add the flour mixture in batches and beat on medium for 2 minutes, scraping the bottom and sides. With a rubber spatula, fold in the oats, coconut, and cranberries and mix well. With an ice cream scoop, form the dough into balls and place onto 2 parchment lined cookie sheet at least 1inch apart. Bake for 14 to 15 minutes. Remove from oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 14 teaspoons pomegranate juice, 1 12 cups rolled oats, 34 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 1 12 cups dried cranberries], title: Chris Cranberry Surprise, picturelink: null}, 33472: {instructions: Lightly grease the bottom and sides of a 6quart slow cooker with butter.nToss the stale French bread, butter, onions, carrots, celery, thyme and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in the slow cooker. Pour the chicken broth over the bread mixture and toss to coat. Use your hands to tear teaspoonsize pieces of the Italian sausage and put them directly on top of the bread mixture. The sausage should cover most of the stuffing.nCover the slow cooker and cook on low until the sausage is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 4 hours. Remove the lid and gently stir the sausage into the stuffing. Season to taste with additional salt and pepper. Transfer to a shallow serving dish and garnish with the chopped parsley. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces plus more for greasing the slow cooker, 1 large crusty loaf of French bread or two baguettes not sourdough, cut into 1inch pieces and staled overnight about 14 cups, 1 large onion, cut into 14inch pieces about 2 cups, 2 medium carrots, cut into 13inch pieces about 1 heaping cup, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13inch pieces about 1 cup, 1 12 teaspoons finelyminced fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 tablespoons roughlychopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: SlowCooker Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 33473: {instructions: Peel the sides of the potatoes but leave some skin on the ends. As you peel, place the potatoes in a bowl filled with cool water. Cut the potatoes into matchsticks 18inch square and place back into the bowl of clean cool water. Allow the potatoes to sit for 1 hour, changing the water as it becomes cloudy to remove the starch.nHeat the canola oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven or deep skillet to 325 degrees F.nDrain the potatoes and dry well with paper towels. Carefully add the potatoes to the oil, in batches if necessary, and cook until they just lose their opaque look and are starting to firm up, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain well on paper towels.nHeat the duck fat in a heavy saucepan to 375 degrees F ideally you want the duck fat 3 to 4 inches deep.nCarefully add the fries to the duck fat and cook until crispy and evenly golden, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate and season with the sea salt or truffle salt.nCooks Note: Strain the duck fat through a fine mesh strainer and transfer to a glass container. Keep refrigerated or frozen for up to 6 months., ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes, 8 cups canola oil, 2 cups duck fat, Sea salt or truffle salt], title: Duck Fat Fries, picturelink: 0.JYXClLaicXmJYMSnUvx1OaP5S3d.}, 33474: {instructions: Bring Ivory sauce to a boil. Add vegetables and peas and bring to a simmer. Pat dry sundried tomatoes and cut into slivers. Add to sauce with scallions. Stir in half of cheese reserve other half for garnish. Spoon sauce over pasta and garnish with cheese., ingredients: [2 cups Ivory sauce 1 tablespoon sliced scallion, 1 cup thawed frozen mixed vegetables 12 cup grated Pecorino cheese, 1 cup canned black eyed peas, Salt and pepper, drained and rinsed 8 ounces cooked dry pasta,, A few sundried tomatoes packed short shape in oil], title: Pasta with Ivory Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33475: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat and pour in enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft and nicely caramelized, about 10 to 12 minutes.nIn the meantime, season the chicken with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the flour over the chicken and toss to coat. Heat another large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add 3 tablespoons of olive oil. Cook the chicken until it is lightly browned, about 6 to 8 minutes.nOnce the onion mixture is caramelized and softened, add the serranos, paprikas, cumin, and oregano. When the chicken is done, transfer it to the pan with the onions. Pour in the broth or water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce is thick and delicious, approximately 20 minutes. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo serve the tacos: Put the toppings and chicken filling in bowls and allow guests to build their own tacos., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 garlic cloves, minced, 5 yellow onions minced, 4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, diced into 12inch chunks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 serrano chiles, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 4 to 5 cups chicken stock or water, 2 red onions, sliced thin, 1 head iceberg lettuce, sliced thin, 12 radishes, sliced thin, 6 small tomatoes, diced, 1 pint sour cream, 2 bunches cilantro, leaves roughly chopped, 1 15ounce can pinto or black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 to 2 packages corn or flour tortillas enough for 6 to 8 medium size tacos], title: Michaels Tacos with Chicken Taco Filling, picturelink: kV0UtiPMuw9sR.JN4UnH8asUuacW01m}, 33476: {instructions: Carefully clean, rinse and pat dry the hake. Sprinkle the fillets lightly with salt.nHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large, heavy skillet. Add the garlic and cook until the garlic just begins to color, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over and mix thoroughly, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of water, the clam broth or juice, wine, parsley and salt to taste. Decrease the heat to medium and cook the sauce, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly thick or just barely coats the back of a wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. You can add more cold water to loosen up the sauce if necessary.nAdd the hake to the pan, skinside up, in a single layer. Cook the hake fillets in the sauce for 2 minutes, swirling the pan constantly and sliding the pan on and off the fire until the hake fillets give off some of their gelatin and emulsify with the rest of the sauce. Flip the hake fillets once and cook until the fish is opaque but not overcooked, another 2 to 3 minutes on the other side. The sauce should be very light green and slightly thick but still loose and light. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 14 pounds hake fillets, skin on, Salt, 13 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon flour, 12 cup clam broth or natural clam juice, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Merluza en Salsa Verde Hake in a Green Sauce, picturelink: aMKUxm1iC0w7aGBReK3.JJ0qiffztpO}, 33477: {instructions: Put the fruit in a frying pan and add the syrup. Cook over medium heat for 2 minutes, shaking the pan gently to coat the fruit with syrup. Add the butter, a pinch of salt, and the lemon juice, and continue to cook, swirling the fruit and butter around in the pan, another minute, or until the butter has melted.nSpoon the fruit compote onto 4 plates and place scoops of raspberry sorbet in the center of each serving.nVariation: To make an uncooked compote of tropical fruits, peel and cup up a ripe mango and a ripe papaya. Put in a bowl and add 1 cup of warm medium sugar syrup and the juicespulp of 2 ripe passion fruits. Mix in a pinch of salt and chill for 1 hour. Serve with coconut ice cream, or plain in a hollowedout meringue. For a warm compote put all the fruit in the syrup as above and cook in the same way as the berry compote, then serve on polenta pound cake.n12 cup sugarn1 cup waternPut the sugar and water in a pan. Bring the water to a boil, stirring constantly, until all the sugar is dissolved. Simmer 5 minutes, then let the syrup cool. Use as needed., ingredients: [3 cups mixed, thinly sliced tropical fruit, like mango, papaya, passion fruit, or pineapple, 14 cup Light Syrup, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon sweet butter, cut into cubes or softened, Salt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 pint raspberry sorbet], title: Warm Fruit Stew, picturelink: MCaSpU70hMQwKnuVW1malsdLRrkWW}, 33478: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nPlace pork fillets in frying pan in hot vegetable oil and brown on each side. Remove from heat and let cool. Combine the crushed peanuts, hazelnuts, parsley, dried fruit, and olive oil in a mixing bowl. Stir until ingredients are mixed together. Coat the browned pork fillets with the nut and fruit mixture. Place coated pork fillets in a nonstick pan and place in the preheated oven. Bake for 10 minutes.nRemove pork fillets from pan and place on a warmed plate. Pour the pan juices into a saucepan, add white wine and dark ale and bring mixture to boil. Reduce heat add butter stirring until melted, remove from heat and cover. Place fillets on plates, pouring sauce over each fillet. Serve with seasonal vegetables and potatoes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 6 6ounce180 gram pieces pork fillets, 12 cup crushed peanuts, 14 cup chopped hazelnuts, 12 cup chopped parsley, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped mixed dried fruit, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup sweet dark ale beer, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Pork Filet in Dark Ale: Filet pur de Porcelet Pane aux Fruits Secs, Sauce Nostradamus, picturelink: null}, 33479: {instructions: Special equipment: three 8inch round cake pansnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour three 8inch round cake pans, then line with parchment paper and butter the parchment. Set aside.nUsing an electric mixer, beat together the brown sugar and butter in a mixing bowl. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat on high speed until light and fluffy.nIn a small bowl, combine the instant espresso with just enough water to make a paste approximately 14 cup stir until the espresso has dissolved. Combine the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt in a large bowl.nTurn the mixer to low speed and add the flour mixture in parts, alternating with the sour cream. Mix in the dissolved espresso. Stir in 1 cup boiling water until just blended. Divide the batter among the prepared pans and bake until a tester inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pans for 15 minutes, then turn them out onto racks and allow to cool completely.nFor the vanilla buttercream: Beat the butter and shortening with an electric mixer until fluffy, then slowly add the vanilla. Add in the confectioners sugar 1 cup at a time, then turn the mixer to mediumhigh speed and beat for 5 minutes more.nTo assemble: Level off the top of each cake layer with a serrated knife. Smear about 1 tablespoon buttercream on a cake plate to help secure the cake, then top with one of the cake layers. Add approximately 1 cup buttercream and spread it evenly around the top. Add a second cake layer and another cup of buttercream, again spreading all around to cover the top of the cake. Add the final cake layer. Working with small amounts of buttercream, cover the sides and top of the cake. Add interesting patterns with buttercream combs, or texture the outer part with a spatula. Serve immediately or cover to keep fresh., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for the pans, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for the pans, 3 cups packed brown sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons instant espresso, 1 cup baking cocoa, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cups sour cream, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, 1 pound vegetable shortening, 2 tablespoons clear vanilla extract, 10 cups confectioners sugar], title: Espresso Chocolate Cake, picturelink: 2fYOe4h8kZxbjJwDva3JYhwnNHys3KG}, 33480: {instructions: Cook the noodles according to package directions, omitting the salt. Drain well and return to the cooking pot.nIn a food processor or blender, combine ricotta cheese, yogurt, Romano cheese, and butter. Add the cheese mixture to the cooked fettuccini and toss to coat. Add fresh ground black pepper. Serve warm and sprinkle with remaining Romano and more ground pepper., ingredients: [12 ounces fettuccini, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, Fresh black pepper], title: Fettuccini Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 33481: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the fennel and coriander seeds to the oil, and stirring constantly, toast the seeds until light golden in color. Add the rice, and continue stirring, toasting the grains with the seeds. Pour in the coconut milk, water, and sugar, stirring to incorporate, and bring the ingredients to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer, and cover.nCook the rice for 30 minutes, or until the rice has completely absorbed the cooking liquid and is tender. Fluff the rice with a fork just before serving., ingredients: [1 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 cups jasmine rice, 3 cups coconut milk, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Coconut Rice, picturelink: null}, 33482: {instructions: Muddle mint and simple syrup in a mixing glass.nAdd in the remaining ingredients and shake well with ice.nDouble strain into a coupe glass.nGarnish with watermelon slices.nSMIRNOFF Watermelon Flavored Vodkas.nDistilled From Grain. 35 AlcVol.nu00a92012 The Smirnoff Co., Norwalk, CT., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoffu00ae Watermelon Flavored Vodka, .75 oz. lime juice, .5 oz. simple syrup, 1.5 oz of cranberry juice, 5 mint leaves], title: Smirnoffandreg Watermelon Splash, picturelink: G0JEq1vyiBJO8hOWtXVGq37UEexa8RW}, 33483: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 2 baking dishes with the butter.nPlace chopped bacon on a baking sheet and cook in oven until half cooked, about 10 minutes. Drain off excess grease, reserve bacon.nIn a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook elbow macaroni until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Strain, toss lightly in olive oil, reserve.nIn a saucepan, on mediumhigh heat, saute bacon with a light amount of olive oil. Add the onion and cook until translucent then add the garlic. Dust with flour, whisk in milk, cream, nutmeg, and mustard powder. Bring to simmer stirring constantly for several minutes. Whisk in 4 cups of Cheddar and half a cup of Parmesan. Stir until all the cheese is melted. Adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Fold in the pasta, sage and parsley.nPlace into buttered baking dishes. Top with remaining cheeses and place dishes on baking tray and place in the oven. Bake until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool about 5 minutes, garnish with parsley and sage leaves and serve, ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces smoked bacon, chopped, Salt, 1 pound dried elbow macaroni, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 1 cup finely diced Vidalia onion, 2 tablespoons fresh minced garlic, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 5 cups grated aged sharp Cheddar, divided, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan, divided, Kosher salt, Cracked black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, plus leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, plus leaves for garnish], title: Classic Macaroni and Cheese with Smoked Bacon, Aged Cheddar and Fresh Sage, picturelink: null}, 33484: {instructions: Place the dinner rolls in a large lightly buttered skillet, allowing some space between the rolls. Cover with a dish towel or cloth napkin and set aside in a warm place to rise for at least 2 to 3 hours.nWhen risen, the rolls should be poufy and soft. Brush melted butter onto the rolls. Then sprinkle the rolls with chopped rosemary. Finally, sprinkle with sea salt.nBake as instructions on the packet  usually 400 degrees F for 15 to 20 minutes. Dont be alarmed if you pull them out of the oven and theyve risen way over the surface of the pan. Within a minute or two, theyll calm right down.nThen you can dig right in, ingredients: [15 frozen, unbaked, unrisen dinner rolls, Melted butter, Coarsely chopped fresh rosemary, Coarse sea salt], title: Buttered Rosemary Rolls, picturelink: H33GNKe4K.fB5vt3X.zSzVkkGSt66ue}, 33485: {instructions: Combine 2 bottles each red wine and white wine, 1 cup brandy, 1 sliced orange, 2 cups each frozen cherries and frozen peaches, 2 cinnamon sticks and 1 cup simple syrup in a large slow cooker. To make simple syrup, simmer 1 cup each sugar and water, stirring until dissolved. Cover and cook on high for 1 hour, then keep warm on low until ready to serve. Ladle into glasses.nIf you dont have a slow cooker, keep these drinks warm in a saucepan on the stovetop over low heat.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [], title: Hot Spiced Sangria, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 33486: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease 36 1 12inch mini muffinpan cups.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 12inch square. Cut into 36 2inch squares. Press the pastry squares into the muffinpan cups. Brush the top edges of the pastry squares with the egg. Prick the centers of the pastries with a fork.nBake for 10 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Using the back of a spoon, press down the centers of the hot pastries to make an indentation. Let the pastries cool in the pans on wire racks for 10 minutes. Remove the pastry cups from the pans and let cool completely on wire racks.nBeat the cream cheese in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Beat in the lemon curd. Fold in the whipped topping.nPipe or spoon about 1 teaspoon cheese mixture into each pastry cup. Refrigerate for 10 minutes or until the set. Top each tartlet with 1 raspberry., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 egg, beaten, 12 of an 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup prepared lemon curd, 12 cup thawed frozen whipped topping, Fresh raspberry or blueberries], title: Lemon Cheesecake Mini Tartlets, picturelink: iPnM19JS29E02b4fUlnpAIxddPProS}, 33487: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan.nPlace tortillas on a cutting board. On half of each tortilla place the cheese, apple, onion, and chicken. Fold the top half of the tortilla over and place on the grill. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until the cheese has melted and the filling is warm. Cut each quesadilla into 4 triangles. Garnish with Peanut Sauce and sour cream.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together all ingredients until smooth. Store leftover peanut sauce in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 large wholewheat tortillas, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, 1 Granny Smith apple, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 2 14 cups cooked and sliced chicken or veggie chicken, 34 cup Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, Sour cream, for garnish, 1 cup peanut butter, 34 cup hot water, 18 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Nathans Chunky Chicken Quesadilla, picturelink: Da5Ecltik5ecCZ6Gc3Fw3h1n06u1xqq}, 33488: {instructions: Wash bunches of black and green grapes and place on a tray in freezer. Allow to freeze for at least two hours., ingredients: [one bunch black grapes, one bunch green grapes], title: Frozen Grapes, picturelink: null}, 33489: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add garlic and cook until soft and golden, about 1 minute. Add diced tomatoes with juice, tomato sauce, red peppers, chili peppers, cumin, coriander and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer for 10 minutes until sauce thickens slightly. Remove from heat, and remove chile peppers.nPlace Swiss chard on the bottom of a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish. Season fish fillets with remaining salt and pepper and place in on top of chard. Cover with sauce and bake, covered, until fish is just cooked and chard is wilted, about 15 minutes. Remove cover and bake an additional 5 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 14ounce can lowsodium diced tomatoes, juice included, 1 12ounce can lowsodium tomato sauce, 1 7ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, rinsed and thinly sliced, 2 dried whole red chile peppers, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 large bunch Swiss chard, washed well and dried, tough center stems removed, coarsely chopped about 8 cups, 4 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves], title: Saucy Salmon, picturelink: yj9fAaTAQ.eabuRoPlhUQc4hbnp6}, 33490: {instructions: Rinse the sorghum in running water, then place in your slow cooker along with 3 cups of water. Cover and cook on high until all the liquid is gone, for about 4 hours. Cool and store cooked sorghum in a covered bowl in the refrigerator until ready to serve, up to 4 days, or in the freezer, up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 cup wholegrain sorghum], title: Easy SlowCooker Sorghum, picturelink: null}, 33491: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, whip the eggs until light and fluffy.nIn a small saucepan bring the sugar and the corn syrup to a boil. Lubricate the inside of a metal baster with a small amount of vegetable oil and dispense it completely. Then use this to drizzle the sugar mixture into the mixing bowl with the eggs. The mixer should be on low speed until you finish drizzling in all of the sugar mixture.nOnce the entire mixture of the sugar is incorporated, slowly add the butter pieces. Only add more butter when you can no longer see the previously added pieces. It will go fast at first and then slow down. Continue to whip until the mixture is creamy.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [4 eggs, room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 10 ounces butter, cubed and at room temperature], title: Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 33492: {instructions: Special equipment: a hot campfire with a grill gratenDistribute the blueberries, chocolate candies, milk chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, marshmallows, peanut butter cups, pecans, strawberries, caramels, cookie pieces and graham cracker pieces among the cups of three 12cup muffins pans.nTake a cone and stuff it full of whichever pickandmix ingredients take your fancy. Wrap very well with aluminum foil. Throw on the campfire grill for 5 minutes. Remove and let rest until cool enough to handle. Unwrap, then squirt whipped cream on top.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat.nIn the bowl of a mixer, cream the butter together with the brown sugar and granulated sugar until its nice and combined. Add the eggs, peanut butter and vanilla and beat until smooth, scraping the bowl if necessary to make sure everything is incorporated.nIn a separate bowl, combine the flour, coffee granules, baking soda and salt. Stir together, then add it to the mixer in 3 increments, mixing on low until its totally incorporated. Scrape the bowl and beat for a few more seconds. Stir in the chocolate candies, rice cereal and pecans if using by hand.nWith an ice cream scoop, scoop the dough onto the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate the scooped cookies for 15 minutes, then bake until golden brown, 9 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack and repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [3 cups blueberries, 3 cups chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, 3 cups milk chocolate chips, 3 cups white chocolate chips, 3 cups mini marshmallows, 3 cups mini peanut butter cups 30 to 40 pieces, 3 cups chopped pecans, 3 cups sliced strawberries, 30 to 40 caramel bites, 12 cookies, such as Crazy Cookies, recipe follows, broken into pieces, Two 9cracker packages graham crackers, broken into pieces, 30 waffle cones, Six 14ounce cans whipped cream, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 heaping teaspoons instant coffee granules, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, 1 cup rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, optional], title: Campfire Cones, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 33493: {instructions: Once the brine has cooled completely, add the chops and allow to soak for at least 6 but no more than 12 hours. Remove chops from brine just before smoking.nSmoke pork until internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F, or about 1 to 2 hoursnKeep grill temperature at approximately 200 to 250 degrees F or pork will overcook. Smoke chops until internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F. After desired internal temperature is reached, brush chops lightly with oil and grill over hot coals for 1 12 minutes rotate 14 turn clockwise and grill 1 minute more to create attractive grill marks. Flip chop and repeat grilling method the prettier side is the top.nChops should ultimately reach an internal temperature of 150 to 160 degrees F. If necessary, place chops in 375 degree F oven after grilling to finish cooking. For an extra fancy presentation, pull the pork off the bone, slice into 14inch strips and fan out on the plate.nBrush grilled chops with melted butter and let rest 2 minutes before serving. Place each chop on the plate on a serving plate. Serve with peach bourbon bbq sauce.nServing suggestion: Try adding a starch as an accompaniment: mashed potatoes, stewed white beans, or even steamed brown rice.nIn a nonreactive, stainless steel 8quart saucepan, bring all brine ingredients to a boil and stir until sugar and salt are completely dissolved. Transfer to a 1gallon plastic or stainless steel container and refrigerate until completely cooled.nIn a medium saucepan melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and sweat for several minutes until soft. Add peaches, bring to simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Add lemon juice, cider vinegar, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, and chicken stock. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes until thick. Add whiskey, return to simmer, cook for 5 more minutes and remove from the heat. Adjust seasoning and sweetness. Puree mixture with immersion blender or food processor until smooth and thick., ingredients: [Brine, recipe follows, 4 doublecut pork chops, approximately 2 inches thick about 12 to 14 ounces, Light olive oil, for brushing, 8 cups water, for boiling, Peach bourbon BBQ sauce, recipe follows, Special equipment: stovetop smoker or Weber kettle grill, 8 cups water, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cups kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 6 cloves fresh garlic, cut in 12, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup minced shallots, 2 16ounce bags frozen peaches, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chicken stock, 13 cup bourbon whiskey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Pork Chops with Peach Bourbon BBQ Sauce, picturelink: n7LM.vuVKYHlxZl9i61Gz9aYAagFQQ2}, 33494: {instructions: For the pork: Combine the cilantro, lime juice, oil, chile powder, garlic and onions in a large dish. Add the pork slices and turn to coat. Preheat a grill on mediumhigh heat.nFor the red slaw: Combine the cabbage, cilantro, oil, vinegar, chile powder, bell peppers, red onions and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Toss to mix and set aside.nRemove the pork from the marinade and discard the remaining marinade. Sprinkle the pork on both sides with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Grill, turning once, until browned and still a little rosy inside, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a large plate.nGrill the tortillas, turning once, until grill marks appear and the tortillas are softened, about 1 minute. Transfer two tortillas per plate. Divide the pork and a little slaw among the tortillas. Serve with lime wedges.nEvenly divide the pineapple among four bowls, top each with 14 cup sour cream, 12 tablespoon sugar and a sprinkle of cinnamon. Serve with the pork tacos., ingredients: [14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 small red onion, very thinly sliced, One 12ounce pork tenderloin, cut into 12inchthick slices on an angle, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded red cabbage, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 1 small red bell pepper, very thinly sliced, 14 small red onion, very thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, Lime wedges, for serving, 2 cups pineapple chunks, 1 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Grilled Chipotle Pork Tacos with Red Slaw and Brown Sugar Pineapple, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 33495: {instructions: For the cornbread: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the labels from 12 to 14 empty 14ounce cans or Mason jars leave on the bottoms. Wash and dry the cans, then brush the insides of the cans with 2 tablespoons of the melted butter. Dust the insides with cornmeal. Arrange on baking sheets.nSpread the 12 cup cornmeal on another baking sheet and bake until toasted, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid uneven baking. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nCut the kernels from the corn cobs. Break the cobs in half. Combine the cobs, kernels, milk, salt and vanilla seeds save the pod for the glaze in a saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer adjust the heat and simmer 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, cover, and let the mixture steep until cool. Strain the kernels and reserve the flavored milk and the kernels separately. Discard the cobs.nGrind the dehydrated corn to a fine powder in a food processor or blender. Put the corn powder, flour, toasted cornmeal, sugar and baking powder in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Put the flavored milk, eggs, the remaining 6 tablespoons melted butter, and the oil in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Whisk the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. Add the buttermilk and mix well, then mix in the strained corn kernels.nDivide the cornbread batter between the cans, filling each threequarters full, or pour the batter into a buttered 9x13inch pan or into buttered Mason jars. Bake for 15 minutes, rotate the baking sheets, and then bake until the tops are golden brown and a cake tester inserted into the cans comes out clean, about another 20 minutes. A 9x13inch pan of cornbread will take about 45 to 50 minutes.nWhile the cornbread is baking, prepare the glaze: In a small saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the syrup, soda, salt, vanilla bean paste and the reserved vanilla bean pod. Bring up to a simmer and continue to simmer until the syrup thickens slightly, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and discard the vanilla bean. Whisk in the bourbon, and set aside. The glaze can be made ahead and reheated when needed.nRemove the cornbread from the oven and set the cans on wire racks to cool for 10 to 15 minutes. With a fork or a skewer, poke holes into each cornbread this will allow the syrup to soak into the bread. With a pasty brush, liberally paint the tops of the breads with syrup or drizzle the syrup into each can. Let cool completely. If using a 9x13inch dish, poke holes into the top of the cornbread and glaze as with the cans.nRemove the cornbreads from the cans to store as leftovers. They will keep for 2 to 3 days in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, plus more for the dusting the cans, 2 ears fresh corn, 1 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped out seeds and pod reserved separately, 2.5 ounces 34 cup dehydrated corn, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 13 cup canola oil, 12 cup fullfat buttermilk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 13 cup root beer, birch beer or sarsaparilla soda or water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla bean paste or 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons bourbon optional], title: Chuck Wagon Cornbread, picturelink: ErCe4v88qfF6RuB489Yz6rHvA2M96}, 33496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll puff pastry into a 12 by 15inch rectangle. Spread pesto evenly over pastry, to within 18inch of the edges. Fold dough in half lengthwise. Roll dough out again into a 12 by 5inch rectangle. Sprinkle Parmesan over new rectangle. Cut dough crosswise into 12inch thick strips. Twist each strip into a corkscrew. Arrange twists on a large baking sheet and press down ends to prevent unrolling. Bake 10 minutes, until puffed up and golden brown., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions, 14 cup prepared sundried tomato pesto, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Puff Pastry Twists with SunDried Tomato Pesto, picturelink: bAPwjgwivtRxJHq6Z6NgXOEU243JVG6}, 33497: {instructions: Make the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, mustard, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil until well blended.nAdd the cabbage, parsley, scallions and grapes to the bowl and toss to coat with the dressing. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small or 12 large head red cabbage, finely shredded, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 6 scallions, chopped, 2 cups seedless red grapes, chopped], title: Red Coleslaw With Grapes, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 33498: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat 1 12 cups water until almost boiling. Turn off the heat and add in the chocolate. Whisk until melted and combined.nTurn the heat back on again if you wish to further melt, heat and thicken. However, do not walk away, chocolate burns very easily. Continue stirring until you remove it from the heat. Do not let the chocolate and water come to a full boil. After the water and chocolate are combined, add in the agave, chile powder and vanilla.nEnjoy immediately while its hot, or pour over ice for a unique experience, ingredients: [3 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped into chunks, such as Valrhona, 4 tablespoons agave or honey, 2 tablespoons chile powder we use ancho, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Kakawas Mayan Chile Chocolate Elixir, picturelink: cSKDfpDYg0Wzpilir3XY.Ff3zjk6}, 33499: {instructions: Sprinkle the carrots and zucchini with salt. Set aside for 15 minutes squeeze dry.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 9inchsquare baking dish or a 9inch castiron skillet with cooking spray. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg, milk, sour cream and melted butter whisk into the dry ingredients until combined. Fold in the carrots, zucchini and parsley.nPour the batter into the prepared dish or skillet. Bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed in the center, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the dish, then loosen the edges and slice., ingredients: [12 cup grated carrots, 12 cup grated zucchini, Kosher salt, Cooking spray, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: CarrotZucchini Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 33500: {instructions: Trim the fennel bulbs of their stalks and bottom root. Halve the fennel lengthwise and slice each half into 14inch thick slices. Peel the potato, halve, and thinly slice. Place the fennel, potatoes, garlic, chicken broth, and milk in a large, heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. If needed, add enough water to just cover the fennel. Bring the mixture to a simmer and continue cooking until the fennel and potatoes are soft, about 30 minutes.nDrain the fennel mixture. Place the fennel mixture in a food processor and puree. If necessary, place half the mixture in the food processor, pulse to puree, and continue adding the fennel mixture until all the mixture fits in the processor. Continue processing until pureed. Add the mascarpone cheese, salt, and pepper. Mix to combine. Add the mint and process until just combined. Add more salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the mixture to a serving dish. If the mixture is a little thin stir a few times and let rest for 5 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [4 large fennel bulbs, 1 medium potato, 2 garlic cloves, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 cups milk, 3 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Fennel Puree, picturelink: mjkZfooGL.tOXP7dsRZ8fci3w7Ms.S}, 33501: {instructions: Spread soft blue cheese on pear slices and drizzle with honey.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Blue Cheese and Pears, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 33502: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the baby carrots along with some salt and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.nIn a small saute pan, add the butter, whisky and maple syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat to a strong simmer and let the mixture reduce until thick and syrupy, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the carrots and saute them until well glazed and just starting to color, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the carrots to a serving bowl and sprinkle with the salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound baby carrots, rinsed and tops removed, Sea salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons bourbon whiskey, 14 cup maple syrup, Pinch freshly cracked black pepper], title: Glazed Baby Carrots with Bourbon and Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 33503: {instructions: Place popcorn, sugar, oil, five spice powder and salt in a large kettle or pot with a tight fitting lid over medium heat. When corn begins to pop, shake the pot constantly. When popping slows, remove from heat, sprinkle with sesame seeds and transfer popped kettle corn to a bowl., ingredients: [12 cup unpopped corn kernels, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Sweet Sesame FiveSpice Popcorn, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 33504: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.n2. Whisk together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg, if using, in a large bowl. Beat eggs in a medium bowl. Whisk in about half of milk and vanilla.n3. In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the butter with the remaining milk, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. Whisk into the egg mixture.n3. Pour wet ingredients into dry ingredients and stir, using a whisk, just until a thick, slightly lumpy batter forms set aside to sit for 10 minutes.n4. Heat a castiron, or nonstick skillet, or a griddle over medium to mediumlow heat. Brush with canola oil. Pour batter 14 cup for small or 13 cup for large pancakes into pan, about 2 to 3 pancakes per batch depending on pan size. Cook until bubbles break on surface of pancakes and undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook about 1 minute more. Repeat with remaining batter.n5. Serve immediately topped with butter and maple syrup. Serve with bacon and fresh fruit. If desired, transfer pancakes to a platter and keep warm in oven., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, optional, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 14 cups milk, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 stick, melted, plus more for serving, Vegetables oil, such as Canola, for cooking pancakes, Maple syrup, for serving, optional, Cooked bacon and fresh fruit, for serving, optional], title: Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 33505: {instructions: Bake Farm Rich Potato Skins according to package directions and keep warm.nIn a large skillet, over medium high heat, saute the ground beef and diced onion together until the ground beef is cooked through and onions are translucent. Stir in beef stock. Add cheese and cover the pan to melt the cheese. Stir mixture together.nSpoon cheeseburger mixture on top of each Potato Skin and top with shredded lettuce and tomato slices.nServe immediately., ingredients: [1 16ounce package of Farm Rich Potato Skins, 1 pound ground beef, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons beef stock, 8 slices American cheese, Shredded lettuce, Grape tomatoes, sliced], title: Cheeseburger Potato Skins, picturelink: ORSvN7PBVL7rKoFWMocpP5zMWWGyZi}, 33506: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUse one tablespoon of butter to grease a 9 by 13inch baking or gratin dish. Mix together orange juice, brown sugar, and spices, then add pineapple. Layer slices of sweet potatoes in the dish, then dot with butter. Top with pineapple mixture. Season each layer with salt and pepper. Repeat this process until all sweet potatoes are used up, ending with pineapple mixture.nBake in oven for 40 to 45 minutes until sweet potatoes are tender when a pairing knife is inserted. Baste gratin with excess juices every 10 minutes. The top should be bubbly and brown. If the top gets too brown or starts to burn, cover with aluminum foil and continue cooking until sweet potatoes are done., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, plus 6 tablespoons, chilled and cut into small cubes, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger or 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and white pepper, 1 12ounce can crushed pineapple with juice, 4 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 18inch pieces], title: Sweet Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 33507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a waffle ironnFor the waffles: Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt in a large bowl.nIn a second bowl, whisk the eggs until smooth, then whisk in the buttermilk and butter until combined. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix just until the batter comes together there will be lumps. Cover and let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Set a baking rack over baking sheet and place on the center rack. Preheat a waffle maker according to manufacturers instructions and brush with melted butter.nFor each waffle, ladle about 13 cup of the batter onto the iron. Cover and cook until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes the waffles will be a little misshapennot perfectly square, with rounded corners. As you go, transfer the cooked waffles to the baking rack in the oven and hold there while you fry the chicken.nFor the fried chicken: While the waffle batter rests, place the chicken tenders in a resealable plastic bag. Add 1 cup of the buttermilk and the hot sauce, then seal the bag and marinate at room temperature for 1 hour.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour with the garlic powder, onion powder, chile de arbol, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Transfer half of the flour mixture to a second bowl. In a third bowl, put the remaining 1 cup buttermilk.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a highsided skillet, preferably castiron, over medium heat until it registers 360 degrees on a deepfry thermometer. Working in batches to avoid crowding the pan, dredge the chicken in the first dish of seasoned flour, then dip in the buttermilk, letting excess drain off, and finally dredge in the second bowl of seasoned flour, tapping off excess. Fry until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove to a papertowellined plate and season with salt.nTo serve, put two waffles on each of four plates. Top them with three tenders and drizzle all with hot sauce, if desired, and honey., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for the waffle iron, 12 chicken tenders, 2 cups buttermilk, Few dashes hot sauce, plus for serving, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon chile de arbol powder or cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying, Honey, for drizzling], title: Buttermilk Waffles with Buttermilk Fried Chicken Tenders, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 33508: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In large bowl, mix together cream cheese, diced Chipotle Gouda and Chipotle Chicken. On a clean flat work surface, stuff jalapeno peppers with cream cheese mixture. Distribute the shredded Chipotle Gouda evenly over the tops of stuffed jalapeno peppers. Wrap a strip of Bacon around each jalapeno pepper. Spray baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and place jalapenos on baking sheet. Bake for 1520 minutes, until peppers are tender and bacon is crispy serve warm., ingredients: [13 cup 2 ounces Cream cheese, 14 cup 1.5 ounce Boars Head Chipotle Gouda, diced small, 2 tablespoons Boars Head Chipotle Gouda, shredded, 12 cup 3 ounces Boars Head Chipotle Chicken, sliced 18 thick, diced small, 4 Jalapeno peppers, sliced in half, deseeded and stems removed, 8 slices Boars Head Fully Cooked Naturally Smoked Bacon, Nonstick Cooking Spray], title: Chipotle Chicken Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: f22zHce6ZQhKrG49RbuhzGhBboxItu}, 33509: {instructions: Remove the skin from the chicken and carefully carve the bone away from the breast meat. Thinly slice the breast crosswise on the diagonal.nEvenly spread the honey mustard on 1 side of each bread slice. Lay 3 to 4 slices of tomato on 2 slices, followed by some endive and half the chicken on each. Season the layers with salt and pepper, to taste, as you build the sandwich. Top each sandwich with the other dressed bread slice.nServe immediately or wrap and refrigerate until ready to eat., ingredients: [1 CitrusGarlic Roasted Chicken Breast or large roasted or rotisserie chicken breast, 4 slices wholegrain seedy bread, toasted, 1 12 tablespoons honey mustard, 8 thin slices vineripened tomato, about 1 large, 4 endive spears, halved lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Dads Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: SRsTtMvRt8iCH64ErWBCMBRUQrVDZm}, 33510: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSplit bread lengthwise and hollow it out. Cut in half across, making 4 shells for pizzas.nHeat a skillet over medium high flame and brown sausage in extravirgin olive oil. Brown and crumble sausage. Add red bell pepper, onion and garlic. Cook 3 to 5 minutes, add spinach. Remove mixture from heat and season with a pinch of salt and black pepper, to your taste.nTransfer to a bowl. Combine sausage and veggies with ricotta, Parmesan, sopressata and pepperoni. Fill bread shells and top with mounded mozzarella and provolone cheeses. Place in hot oven on cookie sheet and bake until cheese melts and bubbles and bread is super crisp, about 10 to 12 minutes. Top pizzas with oregano and hot pepper flakes. Serve immediately, or snack all night, ingredients: [1 2 foot long loaf French bread, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 package frozen chopped spinach defrosted and squeezed dry, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups part skim ricotta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 pound sweet sopressata, from the deli, sliced thick, chopped, 12 stick pepperoni, chopped, 1 sack 10 ounces shredded mozzarella, 1 sack 10 ounces shredded provolone, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Super Stuffed French Bread Pizza Rustica, picturelink: 7ANok2VpS3dLj69ClRz6XtdR9xQbCKe}, 33511: {instructions: In a large bowl, fold all ingredients together being careful not to break up the crab. Mold mixture into 4 4inch ring molds I use a donut cutter with the center whole cutter removed. Coat a large saute pan, over mediumhigh heat and add the crab cakes. Cook until the exterior is browned and cake is warmed through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter.nCook egg yolks and orange juice over a double boiler until yolks thicken enough to coat the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and whisk in butter until the sauce thickens to a consistency similar to mayonnaise. Thin the sauce a bit with the water. Add cilantro and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTop the crab cakes with avocado. Garnish with micro cilantro salad and red chili oil and serve with Citrus Cilantro Hollandaise., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 lime, juiced, 4 green onions, sliced thin, 1 roasted red pepper, seeded, finely diced, 2 roasted jalapenos, seeded, finely diced, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, About 12 cup coarsely chopped roasted pumpkin seeds, About 34 cup mayonnaise, About 12 cup Japanese bread crumbs panko, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 egg yolks, 14 cup orange juice, 1 12 cups clarified butter, 14 cup water, more or less to adjust the consistency, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, sliced, for garnish, Micro cilantro and other greens, tossed in extravirgin olive oil, seasoned with salt and pepper, for garnish, Red chili oil, for garnish], title: Citrus Crab Cake, picturelink: 32ypVexGCgC2BlhjT8ggFkdhtGGRHi}, 33512: {instructions: Preheat a convection oven to 325 degrees F or a regular oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the dough: In the bowl of a standing mixer, combine the water, 2 12 ounces of olive oil, yeast and honey. Allow the yeast to proof for 5 minutes. Add the flour and salt, and mix with a dough hook on medium speed until the dough is pliable and elastic, about 5 minutes. If the dough is a little wet, you may need to add a little more flour. The dough should be moist, but not stick to the hands. Cover with plastic wrap, and allow the dough to rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 20 minutes.nBrush the remaining olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet about 18by26inches and dust with the cornmeal. Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to about 14inch thick and prick the dough all over with a fork or rolling docker. Brush off any excess flour and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake the dough until lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Cool.nWhen the dough has cooled, evenly top with focaccia with the tomato slices, covering the entire surface and lightly season with kosher salt and white pepper. Sprinkle with the basil chiffonade and lightly top with the mozzarella. You should be able to see the tomatoes through the cheese. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese is melted and slightly colored. Cool the pizza slightly and cut into 2bite triangles., ingredients: [2 cups warm water, about 110 degrees F, 2 12 ounces extravirgin olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons for greasing the baking pan, 12ounce dry yeast, 12ounce honey, 1 34 pounds allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling dough, 34ounce kosher salt, 12 cup cornmeal, to dust baking pan, 18 Roma or Italian plum tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 cup packed basil leaves, chiffonade, 6 cups grated mozzarella, Salt and white pepper], title: Thin Crusted Focaccia Pizza with Fresh Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 33513: {instructions: Make the dressing: Whisk the vegetable oil and olive oil in a small bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the honey, vinegar, lemon juice, lemon zest, mustard, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper.nSlowly whisk the oil mixture into the vinegar mixture until combined. Refrigerate at least 1 hour store in an airtight container up to 1 week.nMake the salad: Toss the Brussels sprout leaves, dried blueberries and cranberries, almonds and 14 cup dressing in a large bowl. Pile the salad onto a plate. Top with the manchego and season with pepper. Serve with bagel chips, if desired., ingredients: [34 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 12 small clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound Brussels sprouts, leaves only 3 12 cups leaves, 1 tablespoon dried blueberries, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons smoked almonds, 12 ounce manchego cheese, shaved, Bagel chips, for serving optional], title: Brussels Sprouts Salad, picturelink: null}, 33514: {instructions: Special equipment: a tube pannMake the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, 34 cup of the sugar, and the salt in a medium bowl and whisk to combine.nIn a large bowl, combine the egg whites with the cream of tartar and the vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until frothy. Increase the speed to high and gradually add the remaining 34 cup sugar, a few tablespoons at a time. Beat until the egg whites form glossy, mediumstiff peaks.nSift about onethird of the flour mixture onto the egg whites and fold in with a large rubber spatula until almost completely incorporated. Continue sifting and folding in the flour mixture until all of the flour is incorporated.nSpoon the batter into an ungreased tube pan, gently smoothing the top. Bake until golden brown and the top springs back when gently pressed, 35 to 40 minutes. Turn the pan upside down on a cooling rack and cool completely.nRun a thin knife around the edge of the cake, then invert to release from the pan.nMake the compote: Combine the sugar, cinnamon stick, grapefruit peel and 34 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to a brisk simmer and cook until syrupy, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the vanilla.nMeanwhile, use a serrated knife to cut the peel and pith off of the grapefruit. Working over a bowl, use a sharp paring knife to cut between the membranes and release the grapefruit segments. Pour the sugar syrup over the grapefruit segments and let stand at room temperature for at least 5 minutes and up to 1 hour the longer the compote sits, the more it infuses. Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 3 hours.nServe the angel food cake topped with grapefruit compote., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 strip grapefruit peel, white pith removed, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 grapefruit red is best], title: Angel Food Cake with Grapefruit Compote, picturelink: wRdCThJsuhLF4O582jDdX6coL2dxsG}, 33515: {instructions: For Pancakes:In a medium sized mixing bowl, blend together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. In another bowl, whisk together the egg and the milk. While whisking, slowly incorporate the milk mixture into the bowl of the mixed dry ingredients. Continue mixing while adding the melted butter. In a medium nonstick saute pan over medium heat, add enough oil to coat the pan. Using a small spoon, place small dollops of the batter into the pan. Allow the pancakes to brown lightly on one side before flipping them. Cook until golden brown on both sides and cooked through.nFor Dill and Caper Cream: In a medium sized bowl, mix together the sour cream, shallot, dill, capers, and lemon juice. Season with salt.nAssembly: Top each individual pancake with a bit of the dill cream and a slice of smoked salmon. Garnish each piece with a small sprig of dill., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 egg, 1 14 cups milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, Oil, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 shallot, minced, 14 cup dill, chopped, 14 capers, chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 pound smoked salmon, cut into 1inch pieces, Dill sprigs], title: Silver Dollar Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 33516: {instructions: In a food processor or blender grind coconut, onion, ginger, green chile, yogurt, lemon juice, and salt with as little water as needed for a moderately thick not watery consistency. Set aside.nIn a covered medium frying pan, heat the mustard seeds, dried red peppers, and curry leaves in oil over medium high heat until the seeds begin to pop. Uncover, add ground coconut mixture, and stir for 10 seconds. Remove from heat and transfer to serving bowl.nServe at room temperature as dip for snacks., ingredients: [1 cup grated unsweetened coconut, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced green chile, serrano, Thai or jalapeno, 14 plain low fat yogurt, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 cup water, as needed, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 dried red peppers, 8 curry leaves or 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Coconut Chutney, picturelink: null}, 33517: {instructions: Fill a shot glass with the whiskey and another one with the pickle juice. Serve the whiskey with the pickle juice as a chaser., ingredients: [1 ounce Irish whiskey, 34 ounce pickle juice], title: Jens Classic Pickleback, picturelink: null}, 33518: {instructions: Top toast with sundried tomato pesto and yellow tomato slices., ingredients: [12 cup store bought sundried tomato pesto, 1 yellow tomato, sliced, 8 slices French or Italian bread, toasted], title: Sundried Tomato Pesto Crostini, picturelink: null}, 33519: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees.nPrick the potato all over with the tip of a knife or a fork, place it on a double layer of aluminum foil, and bake it 1 hour 45 minutes. Yes, thats a long time, but you want the potato to really caramelize. Juices will bubble from the pricks and cook to a dark caramel, and the flesh will be creamy and sweet.nPut the potato on a rack until its cool enough to handle, then peel it and place the flesh in a small bowl. Scrape any caramelized flesh off the skin into the bowl, spoon in the Grand Marnier, and beat the potato with a fork until its smooth.nBeat the heavy cream until it holds soft peaks, then cover it and refrigerate.nPut the sugar in a small deep saucepan with a pouring spout, if you have one. Drizzle the syrup over it, then pour in 13 cup cold water. Use your finger to make an X in the sugar this just makes sure it all gets moistened, then bring to a boil over mediumlow heat. Once the syrup is boiling, increase the heat to medium, stick a candy thermometer in the pan, and start beating the egg whites in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed.nBy the time the whites have reached the softpeak stage, the syrup should be at 240 degrees. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and carefully pour the syrup into the whites. Be careful not to burn yourself when you do this. Now increase the speed to high and continue beating until the bowl is cool, another 4 to 5 minutes. Youll have a very thick meringue.nTransfer the meringue to a larger bowl and fold in the sweet potato thoroughly. Give the cream a whisk or two, then fold it in. Spoon the mixture into a 3quart aluminum souffle dish or into individual molds. Wrap first with plastic, then with aluminum foil, and freeze for at least 3 hours.nServe with a pitcher of the chocolate sauce.nBring the cream and corn syrup to a boil in a saucepan. Turn off the heat. Add the chocolate and shake the pan so all the chocolate is covered with cream. Let it sit for a few minutes to melt the chocolate, then stir until its smooth. Add the bourbon and a pinch of salt. The sauce should be warm, so reheat it over simmering water if it cools down before dessert or if youve refrigerated it in the ubiquitous covered container., ingredients: [1 large about 1 pound sweet potato, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur, 1 cup heavy cream, well chilled, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 5 large egg white, at room temperature, Bitter Chocolate Sauce see below, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 pound bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons bourbon or 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, Coarse salt], title: Sweet Potato Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 33520: {instructions: In a deep pot over moderate heat melt butter and saute the vegetables for 5 minutes. Season with salt and white pepper. Tie together bay, parsley and thyme and add to the pot with stock or broth. Cover the pot and raise heat to bring liquid to a boil. Add chicken to the pot, cover and reduce heat to medium low. Poach the chicken 10 minutes. Uncover the pot. Remove chicken and slice. Whisk cream and egg together. Add a ladle of cooking broth to cream and egg to temper it. Stir cream and egg mixture into the waterzooi and stir constantly for 2 to 3 minutes to thicken. Add chicken back to the pot along with chopped parsley. Adjust seasoning. Ladle waterzooi into warm shallow bowls and serve with crusty baguette for dipping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 2 leeks, chopped, rinsed and dried, 2 allpurpose potatoes, peeled and diced, Salt and white pepper, 6 cups chicken stock or broth, 1 fresh bay leaf or 2 leaves dried, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, plus a handful chopped for garnish, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 8 ounces, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 large egg yolk, Crusty baguette, warmed, for passing], title: Waterzooi de Poulet, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 33521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the gin, ginger liqueur, lemon juice, and simple syrup to an icefilled Collins glass. Top with club soda and stir. Garnish with a lime wedge and a skewer of crystallized ginger., ingredients: [1ounces gin, 14oumce ginger liqueur recommended: Domain de Canton, 2 ounces fresh lemon juice, 1ounce simple syrup equal amounts water and sugar heated until sugar dissolves cool, Club soda, Lime wedge, for garnish, Crystallized ginger, for garnish], title: Ginger Collins, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 33522: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees FnCut pumpkin in half, and then cut each half into several pieces. Place the pumpkin on a baking sheet and roast until tender, about 30 minutes. Let cool, peel away skin, and dice. Lower oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add onion, celery, thyme, and sage, and saute for 5 minutes or until tender. Season, to taste, with salt and cracked black pepper.nMeanwhile, crumble the stale cornbread into a large bowl. Add sauteed vegetables to the corn bread crumbs. Stir in remaining 1 tablespoon butter, beaten egg, and roasted pumpkin and mix well. Then add the chicken stock and mix well.nTransfer stuffing into a mediumsized casserole dish. Bake for 45 minutes.nTo serve, cut stuffing into squares and garnish with a couple sprigs of parsley., ingredients: [1 cup diced pumpkin from 1 whole small pumpkin, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups diced sweet onions, 1 12 cups diced celery, 14 cup finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup finely chopped sage leaves, Salt and cracked black pepper, 2 12 cups stale cornbread, 1 egg, beaten, 14 cup chicken stock, Parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Pumpkin Stuffing, picturelink: BMQPco2aMMDOUS9wtCRiCV2DUt9BViS}, 33523: {instructions: Special equipment: kitchen twinenPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Place the butter in a bowl and mash with a fork until smooth. Add the matcha and 1 teaspoon salt and stir until evenly combined.nSlide your forefinger gently under the skin of the chicken and loosen it from the breasts and thighs. Using a spoon, stuff scoops of matcha butter underneath the skin of the breasts and thighs and press it so it spreads out evenly. Take any remaining matcha butter from the bowl or that doesnt get underneath the skin, and rub it all over the outside of the chicken. Sprinkle the chicken generously with more salt and pepper.nPeel off the outer layers of each leek until you have at least 8 inches of white and light green parts to each. Roughly chop enough tough green parts to make a handful, then trim off and discard the rest. Cut the white and light green leeks crosswise into 1inchthick rounds and rinse thoroughly to remove any dirt on them. Place the leek rounds and olive oil in a bowl, sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss gently to coat. Arrange the rounds on a rimmed baking sheet flatside down so they form a bed for the chicken. Stuff the chopped greens inside the chicken along with the garlic. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine and place the chicken on the bed of leeks.nBake the chicken for 20 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and continue baking until the chicken is golden brown, the skin is crisp and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh reads 160 degrees F, about 1 hour.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and let the chicken rest for 10 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and cut into serving pieces. Scrape the leeks and pan juices into a bowl and toss together until evenly coated. Transfer the leeks to a serving platter and arrange the chicken on top of the vegetables. Spoon any pan juices over the chicken and sprinkle with the parsley., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon matcha tea powder, such as Kenko or The Republic of Tea, sifted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 3 to 3 12pound whole chicken, 4 14 pounds large leeks about 5, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, smashed flat, 2 teaspoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Matcha Roast Chicken with Leeks, picturelink: null}, 33524: {instructions: Coarsely chop 2 basil leaves and the strawberries, and then muddle in the bottom of a glass. Place the muddled ingredients to a champagne flute, and top with lambrusco. Garnish with a fresh basil leaf., ingredients: [3 fresh basil leaves, 2 strawberries, 4 ounces white lambrusco, or other sweet sparkling white wine], title: The Basil Berry Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 33525: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush salmon on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until golden brown and cooked to medium doneness, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and immediately drizzle with the morel vinaigrette.nPlace morels in a bowl and cover with boiling water. Let sit until soft, about 30 minutes, then drain, reserving liquid, and coarsely chop.nWhisk together vinegar, shallot, mustard and salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Use a little of the morel soaking liquid to thin, if needed. Fold in the mushrooms and parsley., ingredients: [4 8ounce wild salmon fillets, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, Morel Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 ounces dried morel mushrooms, 14 cup Champagne vinegar, 12 small shallot, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Grilled Salmon with Morel Vinaigrette, picturelink: F.CTwdwOTGlLnvwwCeDdSzb16vBZMWO}, 33526: {instructions: Pick through the washed mussels making sure that they are all tightly closed and all of the beards have been removed.nHeat a large Dutch oven over medium heat and add the vegetable oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions, garlic, and ginger and saute until translucent but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the chiles, curry powder, and coriander and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the wine and the water and bring to a boil.nOnce the mixture is boiling, add the mussels and cover. Steam the mussels for about 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until they have all opened.nRemove the mussels from the heat and discard any that are not open. Place the mussels in a large serving platter, cover to keep warm. Return the pan to the heat, add the cream, season with pepper, to taste, and bring to a simmer. Add the cilantro, scallions, lime zest and juice. Pour the liquid over the top of the mussels.nPreheat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the bread with olive oil and grill 1 minute per side. Serve with the steamed mussels., ingredients: [2 pounds mussels, washed and beards removed, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 2inch piece ginger, minced, 2 serrano chile peppers, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 3 scallions, sliced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 large ciabatta loaf, sliced into 12inch thick diagonal slices, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spicy Steamed Mussels, picturelink: null}, 33527: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ginger, garlic, mustard powder, allspice and cayenne and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 1 minute, then add the whole peeled tomatoes and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon remove from the heat.nPuree the ketchup in batches in a blender until smooth return to the pot. Add the bay leaves, brown sugar, vinegar, molasses and 4 teaspoons salt. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook, stirring occasionally to avoid scorching, until very thick, about 1 hour, 45 minutes. Remove the bay leaves and let the ketchup cool. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate up to 2 weeks.nCook 3 slices finely chopped bacon in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 12 minutes. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon drippings from the pan, then stir in 1 teaspoon smoked paprika. Stir in 1 cup homemade ketchup above simmer 2 minutes. Stir in 12 teaspoon cider vinegar and thin with water, if necessary. Serve warm.nPeachCurry KetchupnMelt 12 tablespoon butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add 12 cup chopped peeled peaches, 1 teaspoon chopped peeled ginger and 1 12 teaspoons curry powder cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in 1 cup homemade ketchup above simmer 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender and add 2 tablespoons water puree until smooth.nChop 1 to 2 teaspoons chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, then mash with the flat side of the knife. Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 teaspoon ground cumin and stir 10 seconds, then stir in 1 cup homemade ketchup above and the chipotles simmer 2 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon each lime juice and honey and thin with water, if necessary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, Two 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, 2 bay leaves, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon molasses, Kosher salt], title: Homemade Ketchup, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 33528: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar, 1 cup water and the packet of fruit punch mix in a medium saucepot and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar and powdered drink mix dissolve. Remove from the heat and cool.nAdd the white wine to a large pitcher and stir in the fruit punch simple syrup. Refrigerate until ready to serve and top with lemonlime soda., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 packet powdered fruit punch mix, such as KoolAid Hawaiian Fruit Punch, 2 bottles white wine, Lemonlime soda, for serving], title: Tickled Punch, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 33529: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Sear duck breast on grill and transfer to oven and finish cooking breast to 155 degrees F. Place in refrigerator and cool down. Take breasts and finely mince. Mix in remaining ingredinBlend together the eggs, oil, water and salt fold together into the flour and let set until dough is firm. Using this dough, then follow the Ravioli machines directions placing 1ounce of filling in each ravioli. Place finished ravioli in boiling water for approximately 8 to 12 minutes or unnPlace butter in hot skillet and cook until browned. Add wine and reduce by 13, then add chicken stock and remaining ingredients. Reduce again by 13.nGently saute Ravioli in butter sauce and serve with a fresh sprig of, ingredients: [2 pounds duck breast, 13 cup smoked mozzarella, 12 cup carrots, fine dice, 4 tablespoons green onions, fine dice, 2 teaspoons oriental fivespice powder, 2 teaspoons marjoram, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon coriander, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, Dash black pepper, 5 eggs, 1 ounce oil, 1 ounce water, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 cups flour, 3 ounces unsalted butter, 1 12 ounces white wine, 3 ounces chicken stock, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, 12 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh herbs parsley, basil, oregano and chives, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 sprigs fresh basil], title: Duck and Smoked Ravioli with Brown Butter, Basil and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 33530: {instructions: In a large skillet or wok, heat the peanut oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Over high heat, add the tenderloin strips and lightly sear on all sides. Remove the meat from the pan and set aside. Add the vegetables, enoki and shiitake mushrooms, scallion, ginger, and garlic and cook for 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDeglaze the pan with plum wine, add the cinnamon and reduce by half. Add the beef stock and continue to reduce until slightly thickened. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Add the cooked noodles, the reserved meat, and the rice wine, and just heat through. Correct seasoning, to taste.nPlace the endive around the edges of a large platter. Spoon the steak, noodles, and sauce in the center of the endive and garnish with chopped scallions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 ounces tenderloin steak, cut into thin strips, 12 cup julienned mixed vegetables, such as carrots, asparagus, 1 ounce enoki mushrooms, 12 cup quartered shiitake mushroom caps, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup plum wine, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 23 cup beef stock, 2 cups cooked Chinese egg noodles, 2 tablespoons rice wine, 8 to 10 endive leaves, 2 tablespoon chopped green onion], title: Mandarin Noodles with Sauteed Tenderloin and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 33531: {instructions: For the brioche: In a standing mixer bowl with hook attachment, add the yeast. Add the flour on top, then add 5 tablespoons sugar and salt. Slightly beat 4 eggs and add to the bowl and mix until dough comes together and becomes elastic. Add the butter and mix until the dough slaps the sides of the bowl. Wrap with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Roll into a single loaf and place in a loaf pan. Proof until double in size, about 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the loaf until golden brown and a skewer inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 45 minutes to 1 hour.nFor the French toast batter: In a medium saucepan, add the milk, halfandhalf, and 12 cup of sugar, cook on mediumlow heat. In a large bowl, whisk together the remaining 2 eggs and 12 cup of sugar. When the milk mixture simmers, whisk a little milk mixture into the eggs to temper it. Whisking constantly, pour the remaining milk mixture into the eggs. Transfer the bowl of batter to an ice bath to cool.nIn a large skillet, heat some butter and a little honey on medium heat. Slice the brioche into serving slices. Dip the brioche in the batter and fry in butter and honey to a golden brown on both sides.nFor the port poached figs: In a medium saucepan, combine the port, sangeria, vanilla beans and seeds together, bring to a simmer on mediumlow heat. In a small bowl, mix 1 tablespoon sugar with the pectin and add to the boiling liquid. Cook for 5 minutes to activate the pectin and thicken the juice. Place the figs in a large bowl and pour the port mixture over the figs and let macerate for at least 24 hours, refrigerated.nTo serve, spoon 2 figs onto each dish and drizzle the fig sauce. Place slices of cooked briohe on the side and garnish top with truffle shavings., ingredients: [1.1 ounces yeast, 8.8 ounces bread flour 1 13 cups, 8.8 ounces allpurpose flour 1 13 cups, 1 cup sugar, plus 6 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons salt, 6 large eggs, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus extra for frying toast, 1 cup milk, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, Honey, for frying toast, 23 cup port, 3 14 cups sangria, 2 vanilla bean split and seeds scraped, .2 ounce pectin, 12 pounds figs, bottoms cut off, Truffle shavings, for garnish], title: Pan Perdu with White Truffle, picturelink: null}, 33532: {instructions: Special equipment: Food processor, 2 6ounce heart shaped ramekinsnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor pulse vanilla wafers until reduced to crumbs. Continuing to pulse, add 1 teaspoon of the sugar and salt, then slowly drizzle in butter until completely combined. Divide mixture in half and pour into ramekins. Using the bottom of a small glass, press the crumbs into the ramekins to make a crust on the bottom. The crust should be about 14inch thick.nIn a medium bowl combine banana, brown sugar, peanuts and chocolate chips. Divide this mixture in half and place in the bottom of each ramekin. In the same bowl, whisk together yolks, heavy cream, vanilla, zest and remaining 1 teaspoon of sugar until sugar is dissolved. Pour evenly into both ramekins and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean., ingredients: [20 vanilla wafers recommended: Nilla Wafers, 2 teaspoons sugar, Pinch salt, 3 teaspoons butter, melted, 1 banana, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped salted peanuts, 2 tablespoons mini chocolate chips, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup heavy cream, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: ChocNannerNut Custards, picturelink: omaG7xbQqjp1jKKwq0L1G8dSkONyIOy}, 33533: {instructions: For the brine: Mix together the vinegar, juniper, star anise, dill, thyme, red pepper flakes, garlic, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons pepper and 4 cups water. Add the ribs and let brine 12 to 24 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the rib glaze: Put the red pepper jelly, vinegar and garlic in a small saucepan and heat through, stirring to incorporate, 3 to 5 minutes. Let cool.nFor the BBQ rub: Mix together the brown sugar, chile powder, smoked paprika, coriander, seasoning salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven 350 degrees F.nTake the ribs out of the brine and generously rub with some of the BBQ rub. Place the ribs in a shallow roasting pan and add 2 cups of the brine to the pan. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and roast for 2 hours. Let cool for 1 hour. Cut the ribs into portions.nPreheat a grill to medium heat 350 degrees F.nRub the ribs with more BBQ rub and grill until the BBQ rub has caramelized and the ribs are heated through, about 2 minutes per side. Spoon some rib glaze over each rib and serve., ingredients: [4 cups red wine vinegar, 14 cup juniper berries, 14 cup star anise pods, 2 tablespoons dried dill, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 6 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 racks St. Louiscut pork ribs, 2 cups red pepper jelly, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 12 cup chile powder, 12 cup smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 cup seasoning salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Kitchen Ribs, picturelink: KDWqwbQ.wgkryJNalRNsPwwjVVJd8O}, 33534: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise, apple jelly and chives in a large bowl until smooth. Pulse the ham in a food processor until finely chopped but not mushy. Toss the chopped ham, celery, celery leaves and pecans with the mayonnaise mixture until combined.nLay 4 slices bread on a clean surface. Layer 2 to 3 slices havarti on each, then top with a scoop of ham salad and 2 lettuce leaves. Close with the remaining 4 slices bread. Cut each sandwich in half.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple jelly or peach preserves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or scallions, 34 pound leftover roast ham, cut into chunks about 1 12 cups, 34 cup diced celery, plus 14 cup chopped celery leaves, 12 cup chopped toasted pecans, 8 slices raisinnut bread, lightly toasted, 8 to 12 slices havarti cheese preferably carawayflavored, 8 Boston lettuce leaves], title: The Hammy Down, picturelink: JIr.fOsnQPQnHBTFme8QZIKvJNaLZpS}, 33535: {instructions: Place the bread in a large bowl. Pour the reserved tomato juice over the stale bread and set it aside for at least 10 minutes. Not only will this soften the bread, but also infuse it with the tomato flavor.nIn a food processor or a powerful blender, add all of the chopped vegetables. Puree the vegetables until they start to breakdown.nAdd the bread and the sherry vinegar to the blender. Turn the blender on and stream in the olive oil. Puree the mixture until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning. If the consistency is too thick, add water or more vinegar if you like, to adjust the thickness. Place the gazpacho into the refrigerator to chill for at least 2 hours to allow flavors to marry with one another.nServe the gazpacho in glasses, like they do in Spain, or you can serve it in bowls if you prefer.nCooks Notes: To make your gazpacho spicier, add some of the ribs and seeds from the jalapeno. You can adjust the oil and vinegar in this recipe to make it tangier if you likenGazpacho gets better the longer that it sits., ingredients: [2 cups white bread, preferably dayold or toasted, crusts removed and torn, 2 pounds ripe tomatoes, cored, seeded reserve the seeds and tomato juice and flesh roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 English cucumber, roughly chopped, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 large shallot, roughly chopped, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for serving, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Creamy Gazpacho, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 33536: {instructions: In a food processor puree the scallions, bell peppers, cucumbers, garlic, tomato juice and olive oil. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of vinegar and season to taste with salt and pepper. If you find the mixture too thin, add the cubed dried bread and puree gain until thick enough for your taste. Cover and refrigerate at least for 1 hour until serving time. Garnish with sour cream, cucumber and scallion., ingredients: [3 scallions, cut into large pieces, 2 large red bell peppers, cored, seeded and coarsely chopped, 4 kirby cucumbers, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 4 cups tomato juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and cayenne pepper, 1 cup cubed day old French or Italian bread optional, For garnish, optional: sour cream, 1 kirby cucumber, peeled seeded and finely diced and mixed with 1 scallion, thinly sliced], title: Gazpacho, the Monday to Friday Way, picturelink: null}, 33537: {instructions: Cut the sea scallops in thin slices and arrange them on a small piece of foil in a rosette pattern.nSteam the celery root briefly and let it cool before you mix the mayonnaise and the mustard to it. Mix the olive oil and the lemon juice together, add the cayenne pepper. Lightly brush the scallops with the vinaigrette and put them under the broiler until cooked.nOn a plate place the mache leaves around like the petals of a flower. Place the celery root salad in the middle and slide the scallops off the foil on top of the celery. Sprinkle a little more spicy dressing on top and serve, ingredients: [8 jumbo sea scallops, 1 celery root, thinly julienned, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, 1 cup mache leaves], title: Sea Scallop Salad with Celery and Spicy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 33538: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with foil baking cups andor spray with nonstick spray.nFor the cupcakes:nIn a tall glass, combine cocoa mix with 2 ounces hot water. Stir until cocoa dissolves. Add 6 ounces cold water and stir well.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, egg substitute, sweetener, and salt. Add cocoa mixture and whisk until smooth.nEvenly distribute cake mixture among the prepared muffin cups.nBake in the oven for about 15 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean. Remove from oven and let cool.nTo make the glaze:nPut the marshmallow creme in a small dish. Add soymilk and mix well.nOnce the cupcakes have cooled completely, drizzle marshmallow glaze over them. Top each cupcake with 14 teaspoon chocolate chips and one mini marshmallow.nRefrigerate until ready to serve. Garnish the cupcakes with additional chocolate chips and marshmallows, if using., ingredients: [1 packet 25calorie hot cocoa mix, 12 18 14ounce box devils food cake mix about 1 34 cups, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 1 tablespoon nocalorie granulated sweetener recommended: Splenda or granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup jetpuffed marshmallow creme, 1 teaspoon light vanilla soymilk, 1 tablespoon mini semisweet chocolate chips, plus more, for optional garnish, 12 mini marshmallows, plus more for garnish, optional], title: Chocolate Marshmallow Madness Cupcakes, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 33539: {instructions: Place the quail quarters on a plate and toss with the marinade. Let marinate 1 hour, up to 6 hours, refrigerated.nPrepare the sauce: In a medium skillet, over high heat, combine the wine and ginger and reduce by half. Pour in the stock with the cinnamon stick and cook until the sauce thickens. Add the chili oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Whisk in the butter and correct seasoning to taste. Keep warm.nIn a deep, heavy saucepan or a deepfryer, heat about 3 inches of peanut oil to 350 degrees F.nPour the rice flour into a small bowl and make a thick batter using 12 to 34 cup water. Transfer the quail from the marinade to a clean plate. Pour enough of the batter over the quail to coat well, reserving a little batter. Deep fry until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Do not overcook. Drain on a clean towel and toss in the reserved sauce. Quail is best when still pink on the inside.nCoat the green onions with the remaining batter and fry until golden, 1 or 2 minutes. Drain on clean toweling.nTo serve, arrange the pineapple slices in a circle around the outer edges of a large ovenproof plate. Warm in the oven. Pile the quail in the center and poke the green onions into the quail at various intervals. Serve immediately.nChili Oil: 1 cup peanut, light sesame or olive oil 14 cup dried red chile flakesnIn a saucepan, heat the oil. Stir in the chile pepper flakes and remove from the heat.nCool. Store in a covered jar and use as needed.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [8 quails, quartered, 2 tablespoons plum wine or sherry, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh, peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 34 cup plum wine or Port, 1 tablespoon julienned fresh, peeled ginger, 12 cup brown stock, 12 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon chili oil recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons 1 ounce unsalted butter, Peanut oil, for deepfrying, About 1 cup rice flour, 6 green onions, trimmed and cut in half lengthwise, 14 fresh pineapple, cut lengthwise, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 10 thin slices, 1 cup peanut, light sesame or olive oil, 14 cup dried red chile flakes], title: Crisp Quail with Pineapple and Green Onion, picturelink: null}, 33540: {instructions: Combine onions, broth, consomme, and soup mix in a slow cooker. Cook on HIGH setting for 4 hours, or LOW setting for 8 hours.nLadle soup into serving bowls. Top with a slice of French bread. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cheese over each bread slice. Put soup bowls under broiler until cheese is melted. Alternatively, place the bread on a baking sheet and top with cheese broil until cheese has melted, about 30 to 40 seconds, and set on top just before serving., ingredients: [5 small onions, thinly sliced, 2 cans 14 ounces low sodium beef broth recommended: Swansons, 2 cans 10 ounces beef consomme recommended: Campbells, 1 packet onion soup mix recommended: Liptons, 8 slices French bread, about 1 inch thick, 1 cup shredded Gruyere], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 33541: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise with pinch of chili powder and chopped fresh jalapeno pepper and set aside.nToast the bread lightly. Spread each side with mayonnaise. Pile on bacon, tomato, avocado, cilantro sprigs and lettuce and top with other slice of toast., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise mixed with pinch chili powder and chopped fresh jalapeno pepper, 4 thick slices whole wheat bread, 8 slices crisply fried turkey bacon, 6 thin slices ripe tomato, Thin slices avocado, Sprigs of cilantro, roughly chopped, Washed lettuce leaves], title: Tex Mex Blt, picturelink: null}, 33542: {instructions: In a saucepan, boil the daikon with 1 14 cups of water and a pinch of salt. Cook until soft, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well. In a large bowl, mix rice flour, salt, pepper and sugar. Stir in 1 14 cup of water until mixture is smooth. Add the drained daikon, lapchong and dried shrimp then transfer mix to a 2 quart saucepan and cook on medium heat, constantly stirring. The mix will come to a boil and start to thicken. Immediately pour mixture into a 10inch cake pan that has been oiled and lined with oiled parchment. Place pan in steamer for 1 12 to 2 hours until set. Remove cake from steamer and allow to cool completely before slicing into 12inch slices. In a nonstick pan add a touch of oil and pan fry both sides of slices golden brown.nOYSTER RAGOUT: In a small saucepan coated with oil, caramelize the shallots. Add the oyster sauce, sugar and chicken stock. Reduce by 50 percent. Check for seasoning. Add butter. Add oysters to just warm them.nPLATING On small plates, cover with oyster ragout and top with hot turnip cake. Garnish with scallions.nDrink Recommendation: Chrysanthemum and Jasmine Tea, ingredients: [2 12 cups daikon, julienned, 2 12 cups water, 2 cups rice flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup diced lapchong, 14 cup chopped dried shrimp, soaked in warm water for 25 minutes, 4 sliced shallots, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups fresh oysters 1 pound, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 14 cup sliced green scallion for garnish], title: Turnip Cake with Fresh Oyster Ragout, picturelink: null}, 33543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut off the small end of the baked potato and top with the Cheddar, sour cream, bacon and chives. Reserve the remaining potato for another use., ingredients: [1 baked potato, 1 teaspoon shredded Cheddar, 1 teaspoon sour cream, 12 teaspoon cooked, chopped bacon, Chopped fresh chives, for sprinkling], title: Baked Potato Bite, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 33544: {instructions: With a sharp knife, carefully slice the chicken breast in half from top to bottommeaning youll have two similarlysized chicken breasts that are much thinner.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Salt and pepper both sides of the chicken breast pieces and panfry them on both sides until theyre done. Get as much golden brown color on the chicken as you can. When done, remove the chicken from the skillet and pour off any excess fat or oil but dont clean the pan.nReturn the chicken to the skillet and pour over the hot sauce. Turn the chicken to coat it on both sides and let it sit in the sauce while you prepare the other ingredients. The heat should not be on under the skillet.nToss the salad greens in a large bowl with just enough Fast Blue Cheese Dressing to lightly coat thin the dressing with a little milk if its too gloopy. Heap some tossed salad into two individual bowls. Sprinkle blue cheese crumbles over the top. Slice the chicken into thin slices on the bias and arrange them over the top of each salad. Dip the slices back into the sauce if necessary to really coat them.nTop the whole thing with more blue cheese crumbles, and serve with celery hearts.nTo a bowl add the mayo, milk, sour cream and Worcestershire, and stir until combined. Stir in the blue cheese and add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 boneless skinless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup cayenne hot pepper sauce, 4 cups salad greens, such as romaine or mixed greens, Fast Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, Blue cheese crumbles, for topping, Celery hearts with leaves intact, for serving, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup sour cream, Dash of Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup blue cheese crumbles, Salt and pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 33545: {instructions: Add all ingredients to a food processor. Blend until well mixed. If your dip isnt quite spreadable feel free to add just a tiny bit of mayonnaise until it reaches the desired consistency. Serve with crackers, with celery, carrots, or on top of baked potatoes., ingredients: [1 lb cheddar cheese, mild to aged, grated, 1 jar 4 oz pimentos, drained, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sriracha], title: Matts Sriracha Pimento Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 33546: {instructions: Heat a pot of water until very hot 160 degrees F to 170 degrees F. Add a generous amount of salt. Place a large bowl filled with ice water nearby. Put the curd in another large bowl add enough hot water to cover the curd.nLet the curd soften, about 3 minutes, then gather it into a ball and hold it over the water fold and pull it like taffy until elastic, about 5 minutes, dipping it back into the hot water if it gets stiff. Dont overwork the curd, as this will make your finished cheese rubbery. If the water cools too much, simply pour it off and add more of the hot water. When soft and smooth, divide the curd into 4 portions and form each into a ball.nPlunge the mozzarella balls into the bowl of ice water and let cool.nSlice and eatnServe the fresh cheese at room temperature. Refrigerate leftovers, covered with salted water, for up to 1 week.nPhotograph by John Lee, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella curd], title: Mozzarella, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 33547: {instructions: For the crust: In a stand mixer, add the flour, sugar, pinch of salt and lemon zest. Mix together for about 30 seconds.nWith a sharp knife, open the vanilla bean, remove the seeds and add them to the other ingredients in the mixer.nWith the mixer on a medium speed, add the cold butter and mix until it looks like coarse crumbs.nIn a small bowl, beat together the yolks and grappa and add it to the mixture. Keep the machine running on medium speed. The dough will come together it only takes a few seconds and as soon as it starts leaving the sides of the bowl, turn off the machine, and by hand on a flat surface, work into shape of a disk. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for about an hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Butter an 11inch tart pan very well.nOn a floured surface, roll out the dough to about 14inch thick, and then gently lay it into the tart pan. Press the dough lightly into the round edges, then, using your fingers, press on the edges of the pan, cutting off the excess.nWith a fork, poke the dough several times, all the way through to the pan. The tart will try to rise in the oven, so poking the tart helps it breathe in the hot air.nBake in the oven until golden and crisp, about 20 minutes. Set aside on a cooling rack for about 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Use a hand mixer to whip together the mascarpone, cream, grappa, sugar, and vanilla seeds in a large bowl. Whip until you have soft peaks.nSpread the filling on top of the cooled crust. Add the berries by just dropping them on the cream, there is no need to push the fruit. If the cream is light and fluffy they will slowly drop into the filling. Top with shaved dark chocolate., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup sugar, Kosher salt, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 vanilla bean, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces and chilled, plus more for greasing the tart pan, 3 large organic egg yolks, 14 cup grappa or rum or water, 8 ounces mascarpone, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons grappa or rum or water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, 1 pint raspberries, 1 pint blackberries, Shaved dark chocolate, for garnish], title: Mascarpone and Wild Berry Tart, picturelink: null}, 33548: {instructions: Mix all ingredients, except vegetable oil together in a large mixer fitted with a dough hook for 11 to 12 minutes or until dough reaches 78 degrees F. Set dough aside to rise for 30 to 45 minutes.nDivide and round dough into golf ballsized pieces, put onto sheet pan and proof until the balls grow to around the size of soft balls, about 30 to 45 minutes.nPreheat a fryer to 360 degrees F.nDeep fry in vegetable oil until golden brown. Cool. Using a piping bag fitted with a plain tip, fill with your favorite preserves and top with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 ounce melted butter, 1 ounce lemon juice, 1 ounce rum, 1 quart water, 1 quart eggs, 12 quart sugared eggs yolks, 12 ounce salt, 4 12 ounces milk powder, 1 pound granulated sugar, 1 pound, 10 ounces shortening, 1 pound cake flour, 9 12 pounds high gluten flour, 1 pound yeast, Vegetable oil, for deep frying], title: Polish PreLenten Jelly Doughnuts: Paczki, picturelink: null}, 33549: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a hot saute pan melt butter and saute the mushrooms first then add the onions. The mushrooms take a little longer. In a separate pan brown strips of sirloin that have been dredged in flour. Set aside. When the onions and mushrooms are done, deglaze both of the pans with a little white or red wine and combine all ingredients into one pan. Add 2 cups beef stock, white wine or water and 12 of the pint of sour cream. Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. During the cooking the sour cream will separate and some of the butterfat will become visible. This is normal, just stir the pot. Just before serving add the balance of the sour cream, stir to combine. Serve over noodles or rice pilaf and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [Butter andor olive oil for frying, 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 2 medium onions, diced, 1 20ounce sirloin steak, cut into 1inch strips, Flour for dredging, 12 cup red or white wine, plus more for deglazing pan, 16 ounces beef stock, 1 pint sour cream, 1 tablespoon Worchestershire, Salt and pepper, Egg noodles or rice as an accompaniment, Garnish: parsley], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: 9GoHnXSkWO6D9WIPGyGanRQgAv5Dr1S}, 33550: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut off the stem end of the Brussels sprouts and remove any yellowing outer leaves. Cut each Brussels sprout in half from top to bottom. Place the Brussels sprouts, water and salt into a 3 to 4quart saucier and cover. Place over high heat and cook for 5 minutes or until tender. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, rinsed, 12 cup water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Basic Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 33551: {instructions: Bring 2 cups of water to boil and add the Cajun seasoning. Add the shrimp and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and drain. In a separate bowl, combine the mango, onion, vinegar, nutmeg, to taste, and cinnamon, to taste. After shrimp is cooked, toss the shrimp with the above mango mixture. To serve, place mixture in radicchio., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 4 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 whole mango, peeled, pitted, and diced, 1 Vidalia onion, diced, 1 teaspoon vinegar, Ground nutmeg, Ground cinnamon, Radicchio, for garnish], title: Boiled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 33552: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix soy sauce, sherry, mango juice, vinegar, mustard, ginger, and garlic together in a bowl. Reserve 13 of the mixture for a glaze. Put abalone steaks in a shallow baking dish, pour marinade over. Marinate the steaks for at least 30 minutes or refrigerate covered up to 4 hours.nPreheat an outdoor grill to high heat.nPut the reserved marinade in a saucepan, whisk in the brown sugar and cornstarch. Simmer over low heat until marinade thickens to create a glaze. Set side but keep warm.nPlace 2 skewers about 2 inches apart on your work surface. Weave the marinated abalone steaks onto the skewers so that the steaks will lie flat on the grill. Alternate with fruit pieces between the steaks. Each double skewer will hold 2 to 3 steaks plus fruit.nGrill over high heat until abalone is cooked, about 1 minute per side. Brush the fruit with the glaze and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup sherry, 12 cup mango juice, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 16 1ounce abalone steaks, 2 12 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 8 ounces pineapple, cubed, 8 ounces pears, cubed, 8 ounces peaches, cubed, Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: Grilled Abalone Steak and Fruit Skewers, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 33553: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 rocks glassesnAdd the pepper to a small saucepan with the maraschino cherry juice. Bring to a boil and reduce for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, strain and cool.nIn a shaker add the orange supremes and a little of the reserved orange juice reserving 4 supremes for garnish, and muddle together. Add 14 cup of the black pepper cherry syrup, the bourbon and a scoop of ice. Shake and pour into 4 rocks glasses with a big ice cube in each. Garnish each drink with an orange supreme and a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns, 12 cup maraschino cherry juice, 2 oranges, cut into supremes, with excess juice reserved, 8 ounces good bourbon, 4 maraschino cherries], title: New Fangled Fashioned, picturelink: eBT7ZdkLrVCF8lw45JuNdhX740yjfm}, 33554: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9inch pie plate or a 10inch tart pan with removable bottom a 9by12inch jelly roll pan or a 9by12inch glass baking dish kitchen shears and kitchen torch, optionalnFor the bourbon marshmallows: Spray a 9by12 inch jelly roll pan or glass baking dish with cooking spray. Sprinkle 12 cup of the confectioners sugar on the pan and shake around to coat generously.nPour 12 cup of the bourbon in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Sprinkle the gelatin over the top and turn the mixer on low speed while you make the syrup.nPut 14 cup water and the remaining 14 cup bourbon in a medium saucepan. Add the granulated sugar and corn syrup. Bring to a boil over medium high heat and cook until the syrup reaches 240 degrees F. on a candy thermometer.nWith the mixer on low speed, pour the sugar syrup down the sides of the mixing bowl. Increase the mixer speed to mediumhigh and add the vanilla extract and salt. Whip until the marshmallow is thick and slightly cool, 5 to 7 minutes. With a rubber spatula, scrape and spread the mixture into the pan. Let set at room temperature for at least 6 hours or overnight.nOnce the marshmallow is set, coat the top with 12 cup remaining confectioners sugar. Dust a cutting board with another 12 cup remaining confectioners sugar. Release the marshmallow from the pan by running a knife around the sides, and then turn the marshmallow onto the cutting board. Cut into 1inch strips with an oiled knife or a sharp pair of kitchen shears. Cut the strips into 1inch cubes. Toss the marshmallows with the remaining 1 cup confectioners sugar in a large bowl.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the graham cracker crumbs, butter, brown sugar, flour and salt in a medium bowl. Press into a 9inch pie plate or 10inch removable bottom tart pan. Bake until the crust is just slightly browned, about 10 minutes. Do not overbake. Let cool while you make the filling.nFor the filling: Increase the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the yams, brown sugar, butter, flour, salt, cinnamon, cloves, ginger and black pepper to combine. Add the eggs one at a time, beating until each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next one. Beat in the condensed milk until smooth. Pour the filling into the crust and bake minutes until the custard is barely set, about 20 minutes. Cool completely.nTo assemble and serve the pie: Preheat the broiler. Arrange the marshmallows in an even layer on top of the pie. Broil the pie just to lightly toast the marshmallows, about 1 minute. Alternatively, you can toast the marshmallows using a kitchen torch. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Bourbon Marshmallows:, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 34 cup bourbon the good stuff, Three 14ounce packets unflavored gelatin, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for cutting the marshmallows, 1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup mashed cooked yams or sweet potatoes either roast or boil whole until soft or use canned...your secret is safe with us, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 3 large eggs, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk], title: Who Will Love Me As I Yam Pie, picturelink: null}, 33555: {instructions: Put the black beans in a large bowl and cover with cold water set aside to soak overnight, then drain.nCombine the soaked black beans, 2 pasilla chiles, the bay leaves and half of the garlic in a large wide pot and add enough water to cover by 3 inches. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until soft, about 1 12 hours remove from the heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, add the remaining 2 pasilla chiles and the cascabel and chipotle chiles to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, the chopped dried chiles and the cumin and saute until the chiles are soft, about 7 minutes. Add the remaining garlic and the poblano and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 more minutes. Add the eggplant, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes.nAdd the crushed and diced tomatoes, 4 cups water, the bouillon and green lentils to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the lentils are almost tender, about 30 minutes.nAdd the prepared black beans and their cooking liquid and simmer until the lentils are soft, about 30 more minutes. The longer you let the chili simmer, the thicker it will get. Season with salt and add the lime juice. Remove the whole pasilla chiles and bay leaves before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 pound dried black beans, picked through, 4 dried pasilla chiles or New Mexico chile peppers, stemmed remove seeds for less heat, 3 bay leaves, 4 large cloves garlic, diced, 3 dried cascabel or guajillo chile peppers, stemmed remove seeds for less heat, 2 dried chipotle chile peppers, stemmed remove seeds for less heat, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 poblano chile pepper, diced, 1 small eggplant 1 pound, cut into 14inch cubes, Kosher salt, 12 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable bouillon, 12 cup dried green lentils, Juice of 2 Key limes or the juice of 1 lime], title: Black Bean, Lentil and Eggplant Chili, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 33556: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes on a sheet pan, cut sides up, in a single layer. Drizzle with 14 cup of olive oil and the balsamic vinegar. Sprinkle with the garlic, sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast for 2 hours until the tomatoes are concentrated and begin to caramelize. Allow the tomatoes to cool to room temperature.nCut the mozzarella into slices slightly less than 12inch thick. If the slices of mozzarella are larger than the tomatoes, cut the mozzarella slices in half. Layer the tomatoes alternately with the mozzarella on a platter and scatter the basil on top. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper and drizzle lightly with olive oil. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeds not cores removed, 14 cup good olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces fresh salted mozzarella, 12 fresh basil leaves, julienned], title: Roasted Tomato Caprese Salad, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 33557: {instructions: Place Champagne flute in the freezer 10 minutes before serving. Put the gin and juice in a flute and top with some of the Champagne., ingredients: [1 shot best quality gin, 34 cup freshly squeezed tangerine juice, Champagne, sparkling wine or Cava, cold, to top], title: TangerineGin Fizz, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 33558: {instructions: In medium bowl combine tomatoes and cucumber. Season with salt and pepper. Add vinegar and olive oil. Toss to coat. Sprinkle on feta and serve., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, cored and sliced, 1 12 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and sliced, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup feta cheese, crumbled], title: Tomato Cucumber and Feta Salad, picturelink: null}, 33559: {instructions: Hull and quarter the berries and add them to a medium bowl. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of sugar and toss to combine.nWhisk the cream in a medium bowl until peaks form, about 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle in the remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar and the extract and combine.nCrumble the meringues and it fold into the cream with half the berries. Top bowlfuls of the cream with the remaining berries and serve., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, 2 tablespoons super fine sugar, 1 12 cups whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla or almond extract, 8 storebought meringues, 2 to 3 inches in diameter], title: Strawberries and Crunchy Cream, picturelink: null}, 33560: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle.nCombine broth, rice, squash, puree, and onion in a 3quart baking dish, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and stir to evenly combine. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake, stirring occasionally, until most the water has been absorbed and rice granules are puffed, about 35 to 30 minutes.nRemove from oven, stir in remaining ingredients, season to taste and serve., ingredients: [5 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 2 cups arborio rice, 2 cups pumpkin or butternut squash, small dice, 1 12 cups canned pumpkin puree not pumpkin pie filling, 12 medium yellow onion, minced, 12 cup finely chopped fresh basil, 14 cup finely grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Creamy Baked Pumpkin Risotto, picturelink: kD6XOG6UmEldPkxyPx4rVeQhv2.5qO}, 33561: {instructions: Blanch the green beans and pearl onions by placing them into a large pot of rapidly boiling water. Cook them for about 2 minutes, until the green beans have brightened in color. Remove the vegetables from the boiling water with a strainer then plunge into an ice bath to stop the cooking process. Drain them, then remove the skins from the onions and set aside.nCoat a skillet with olive oil and butter over medium heat. Sweat the garlic and shallot down until they caramelize. Add the bay leaves then the assorted mushrooms. Stir to combine, season with salt, pepper and thyme. Sprinkle the mixture with flour to tighten up. Add the milk and boil for 3 minutes to thicken.nPlace the green beans and pearl onions in a 2quart casserole dish. Pour the mushroom soup over the vegetables. Toss to make sure the vegetables are well coated. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. Top with fried onions and continue to bake for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound fresh green beans, 2 cups pearl onions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 3 cups assorted wild mushrooms, sliced such as oyster, cremini and shiitake, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons flour, 3 cups milk, 1 can fried onions], title: Green Bean and Pearl Onion Casserole, picturelink: null}, 33562: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together all ingredients, except black pepper.nDivide among 2 chilled salad plates. Serve with freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [2 cups cooked broccoli florets, 6 cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 18 cup red onion slivers Recommended: Ready Pac, 14 cup fresh pearlsize mozzarellaRecommended: Cantare, 14 cup red wine vinaigrette Recommended: Brianas, Pepper Mill], title: Fresh Broccoli Salad, picturelink: null}, 33563: {instructions: For dried chiles, toast them on an ungreased griddle or heavy skillet over medium heat, turning regularly and pressing flat with a spatula, until very aromatic, about 30 seconds. In a small bowl, cover the chiles with hot water and rehydrate 30 minutes, stirring frequently to ensure even soaking. Drain and discard the water. Canned chiles need only be removed from their sauce.nRoast the unpeeled garlic on the griddle or skillet, turning occasionally, until soft, about 15 minutes cool and peel. Roast 1 12 pounds of the tomatoes on a baking sheet 4 inches below a very hot broiler until blackened on 1 side, about 6 minutes, then flip and roast the other side. Cool, then peel, collecting all the juices with the tomatoes.nIn a food processor or blender, process the roasted tomatoes, rehydrated or canned chiles, and garlic to a mediumfine puree. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in mediumsize 4quart pot such as a Dutch oven or Mexican cazuela over mediumhigh. Add the puree and stir for about 5 minutes as it sears and thickens. Set aside.nIf using chorizo, cook in a little oil over medium heat, breaking up large lumps as you go, until thoroughly cooked, about 10 minutes. Scoop it out with a slotted spoon, draining as much oil as possible back into the skillet.nPour 6 tablespoons of the remaining oil into the skillet and return to the heat. When quite hot drop a stray noodle in u2013 it should sizzle but not brown immediately, lay in about 13 of the noodle nests to fry until noticeably browned, about 1 minute, then flip and brown the other side. Remove with a slotted spoon, draining as much oil as possible back into the skillet, and drain on paper towels. Continue until all have been browned.nAdd the broth, oregano, and pepper to the tomato sauce. Core the remaining 1 pound of tomatoes and chop into 14inch bits. Add and simmer briskly until the sauce thickens to the consistency of a juicy tomato sauce, about 5 minutes. Taste and season with salt.nAdd the noodles. In about 2 minutes pull the nests apart theyll have softened enough to do it at this point, then add the zucchini and the chorizo if youre using it. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the noodles are tender but still firm, about 2 minutes.nIf using the cream, add it now, raise the heat to mediumhigh and boil quickly until the sauce returns to its previous consistency. Taste again and readjust the salt, if necessary.nStir in half of the grated cheese, scoop into a warm serving dish, sprinkle on the remaining cheese and the cilantro garnish, and its ready to serve., ingredients: [3 to 4 chiles in adobo, 4 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 2 12 pounds 5 mediumlarge round, 15 to 17 plum ripe tomatoes, About 12 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup about 6 ounces chorizo sausage, casing removed, optional, 1 10ounce package dried fideo vermicelli noodles, preferably angel hair, 1 cup beef or chicken broth, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 12 teaspoon black pepper, preferably freshly ground, Salt, about a scant teaspoon, 2 medium zucchini, cut into 14inch dice, 14 to 12 cup thick cream, whipping cream, or creme fraiche, optional, 23 cup finely grated Mexican queso anejo or Parmesan, A few tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro, for garnish], title: Sopa Seca de Fideos, picturelink: null}, 33564: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil.nSubmerge the tomatoes in boiling water for 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, remove the tomatoes.nPeel the tomatoes and cut them open. Discard the seeds and cut the flesh into small cubes.nIn a large nonstick pan heat about 3 tablespoons olive oil and saute together the garlic, anchovies, olives, capers, and red pepper flakes for about 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes and let cook on a mediumlow heat for about 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the spaghetti about 2 minutes less than indicated on the box, drain and add to the sauce pan on a medium high flame, toss around for a couple of minutes or less, making sure the sauce is evenly distributed on the pasta.nAdd a sprinkle of finely chopped parsley and a drizzle extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 pound ripe tomatoes or peeled tomatoes if in a hurry, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 ounces pitted and sliced black olives, 1 tablespoon salted capers, rinsed and chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 handful fresh parsley, leaved picked and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Spaghetti Alla Puttanesca, picturelink: null}, 33565: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 8 by 2inch round cake pans and line bottoms with parchment paper. Dust the bottom and sides with flour, tap out any excess. Set aside. Sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl reserve. In a medium bowl, combine bananas, vanilla extract, and buttermilk stir to combine. Set aside. In the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine butter and shortening. Beat on medium speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Gradually add sugar, beating until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, scrape down sides of bowl as necessary. Reduce mixer speed to low drizzle in eggs, mixing until batter is no longer slick, about 2 minutes. Slowly add reserved flour mixture to egg mixture, alternating with banana mixture, a little of each at a time, starting and ending with flour. Scrape down sides of bowl. Divide batter evenly between prepared pans. Bake until light golden brown and a cake tester inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer pans to a wire rack to cool, about 15 minutes. Invert pans to remove cakes return cakes to wire rack top sideup to cool completely. To assemble cake, remove parchment paper from bottoms of cakes. Using a serrated knife, slice each layer in half horizontally. Place 1 sliced layer cut sideup on an 8inch cake round. Spread with 23 cup of Milk ChocolatePeanut Butter Frosting. Repeat this process, stacking the second and third layers on the first. Place fourth layer on top, cut sidedown. Frost outside of cake with remaining frosting. Transfer cake to a serving plate, and garnish with Peanut Butter Fudge cut into alphabet shapes. Serve at room temperature.nPrepare an ice bath. Melt chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Remove from heat, add butter and whisk until melted. Add peanut butter and milk, and whisk to combine. Place frosting over ice bath, and whisk until it reaches a spreading consistency. Use immediately. If frosting becomes too thick, place over a pot of simmering water for a few seconds, and whisk until smooth. Yield: about 4 cupsnLightly butter an 8 by 8 by 2inch pan and line bottom with parchment paper or plastic wrap set aside. In a medium heavybottomed saucepan, combine corn syrup, both sugars, milk, salt, and baking soda. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Insert a candy thermometer. Cook, stirring frequently, until temperature registers 236 degrees F just below softball stage dont overcook. Immediately remove saucepan from heat, stir in the chilled butter, then the peanut butter and vanilla until smooth. Pour mixture into prepared pan. Set aside in a cool, dry place, and let fudge set. Before the fudge cools completely, cut into desired shapes. Set shapes aside to cool completely. Store fudge in an airtight container up to 1 week.nSource: 26 Piece Alphabet Cookie Cutters 11.99 W23041521 New York Cake and Baking Distributors 56 West 22nd Street New York, NY 10010 2126752253 or 800942253 Fax: 2126757099, ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for coating pans, 2 12 cups sifted cake flour not selfrising, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup pureed ripe bananas about 3, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 1 12 cups superfine sugar, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, Milk Chocolate PeanutButter Frosting, recipe follows, Peanut Butter Fudge, recipe follows, 1 pound milk chocolate, finely chopped, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups smooth peanut butter, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, plus more for pan, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 34 cup milk, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch baking soda, 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Banana Peanut Butter Milk Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 33566: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and chili powder and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add the beef, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook, breaking up the meat with a spoon, until it is no longer pink, about 2 minutes. Add the scallions and cook 5 to 6 more minutes.nHeat a large griddle or skillet over medium heat. Brush 1 side of each tortilla with olive oil. Place 2 tortillas on the griddle or 1 if using a skillet, oiledside down, and scatter about onequarter of the cheese on each. Cook until the bottoms are golden brown and the cheese is melted. Put about a quarter of the beef mixture on half of each tortilla and fold into a halfmoon. Continue to cook until the quesadillas are crisp, turning once. Repeat to make 4 quesadillas.nCut into wedges and top with salsa andor sour cream.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 1 pound lean ground beef or lamb, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 3 12 cups shredded muenster or monterey jack cheese, Fresh salsa andor sour cream, for serving], title: Meaty Quesadillas, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 33567: {instructions: For garnishes, shell the shrimp, leaving the tail attached, and devein. Wash, pat dry, salt lightly, and lightly dredge in cornstarch or kuzu starch or arrowroot. Parboil in unsalted water for 2 minutes. Soften the dried wakame seaweed in cold water for 20 minutes. Cut out hard parts and discard, then cut into 1inch 2 12cm. lengths. Professional chefs might treat wakame in a slightly different way to bring out its bright green color and to insure tenderness: swish it in boiling water for 30 seconds then plunge it into a cold bath before leaving it to soak. Wash and pat dry the mitsuba sprigs.nIn a mediumsized soup pot, bring the dashi to a simmer over medium heat. Never boil. Add the miso gradually, dissolve it little by little. Gradually add the soy sauce. Stir and taste. The higher the quality of the dashi, the less soy sauce required.nWarm individual covered lacquer soup bowls by filling with hot water and letting them stand for 1 or 2 minutes. In lieu of lacquer bowls, use small or mediumsized deep soup bowls or cups on saucers. Dispose of hot water and wipe bowls dry. Attractively arrange 3 shrimp, 3 shiitake mushrooms, and a small amount of seaweed in each bowl. Ladle in the seasoned stock carefully so that it does not splash and mark the side of the bowl or disturb the arrangement. Fill bowls 34 full no more. Add a sprig of mitsuba to each bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 mediumsized raw shrimp, Salt, Cornstarch, kuza starch or arrowroot, 1 small piece dried wakame seaweed, 4 sprigs mitsuba tresfoil or scallion, 12 small dried shiitake mushrooms, presoaked in water, 2 12 cups dashi recipe follows, 2 teaspoons dark miso, 12 teapoon light soy sauce, or slightly larger amount of dark soy sauce], title: Clear Soup with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 33568: {instructions: DescriptionnOn a smooth spring evening, enjoy this dish of orangecrab tostada, creamy tomatillo dressing, mixed greens, and paprikabraised peppers and onions.nBeer PairingnBlue Moonu00ae Spring Blonde Wheat Ale, with its subtle flavors of orange and lemon peel, pairs nicely with seafood dishes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the tomatillo dressing, peel and wash the tomatillos. Roast them in the oven for approximately 20 minutes or until soft and blistering. Put in a food processor or blender puree with cilantro and sugar, add orange juice and then add mayo. Season with salt and pepper and refrigerate.nTo make the paprikabraised peppers and onions, saute onions in a large saute pan in oil until soft. Add peppers and beans and saute one minute more. Add paprika and orange juice. Cook an additional 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let cool.nTo make the crab mix, mix orange juice, lemon juice, diced paprikabraised peppers and onions, mayo, crumbled Ritz crackers, and crab.nTo assemble, toss mixed greens with dressing and peppers then put into four bowls. Spread each tostada with crab mix. Place atop salad and garnish with orange slices and more paprikabraised peppers and onions.nServe additional tomatillo dressing on the side., ingredients: [4 large tostadas, Mixed greens, TOMATILLO DRESSING:, 12 lb. tomatillos, 1 oz. cilantro, 1 tbsp. sugar, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup mayonnaise, Salt and pepper to taste, PAPRIKABRAISED PEPPERS AND ONIONS:, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 yellow pepper, thinly sliced, 1 red pepper, thinly sliced, 1 green pepper, thinly sliced, 8 oz. canned organic black beans drained and rinsed, 1 tbsp. paprika, 2 oz. orange juice, CRAB MIX:, 1 cup orange juice reduced to 2 oz., 12 cup paprikabraised peppers and onions, diced, 12 cup mayo, 1 tbsp. lemon juice, 1 lb. lump crab, Ritzu00ae crackers], title: Blue Moonandreg Crab Tostada, picturelink: null}, 33569: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all of the ingredients in a highball glass containing ice, stir well, and serve with a celery stick and cherry tomato.nTo substitute mix, add red wine and a dry sherry to the Bloody Mary., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, Dash red wine, Dash wine and sherry mix, not available commercially, recipe follows, Pinch celery salt, Salt and pepper, 7 drops Worcestershire sauce, 5 drops hot sauce, 1 6ounce container tomato juice, Celery stalks, Cherry tomatoes], title: The Perfect Bloody Mary, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 33570: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nFor MapleDijon Sauce: In a small bowl, stir to combine mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and 2 tablespoons maple syrup set aside.nFor Turkey Burgers: In a medium bowl, mix together all ingredients for burgers. Wet hands to prevent sticking and shape into 4 patties.nPlace burgers on hot oiled grill for 5 to 6 minutes per side or until done.nServe on buns with traditional burger condiments and a dollop of mapleDijon sauce., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons real maple syrup, 1 14 pounds ground turkey breast, 14 cup real bacon bits, 12 cup chunky applesauce, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons real maple syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Hamburger Buns, Hamburger condiments], title: Apple Maple Turkey Burgers with MapleDijon Sauce, picturelink: I02VKq1nXHYeu2VtGQwEpk6BAvUg7cG}, 33571: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil, the celery, onion, garlic, and peppers. Stir while cooking until the onions are translucent, about 12 minutes.nIn a separate saucepan, over medium heat add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil, the tomato juice, canned tomatoes, oregano, chicken, basil, and broth and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the vegetable mixture and stir to combine. Continue to cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to low, and cook for another 10 minutes, stirring throughout the cooking time.nOnce the sauce has reduced, add the pasta and the green onions. Stir in the Parmesan and transfer the spaghetti to a serving bowl., ingredients: [3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided, 3 ribs celery, small dice, 1 medium yellow onion, small dice, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 large red or green bell pepper, seeds removed and roughly chopped, 10 ounces tomato juice recommended: V8, 2 12 to 15ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 pounds boneless chicken, boiled and pulled into bitesize pieces, 1 tablespoon minced basil leaves, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 12 pounds spaghetti, cooked, 1 green onion, cut on bias, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Chicken Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 33572: {instructions: To make the salsa: Toss the tomatoes with the salt and drain in a colander for 15 minutes. Combine the tomatoes, corn, lime juice, garlic, cilantro, and olive oil in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and toss well.nTo make the burgers: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and red pepper and cook, until softened, about 5 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nCombine the onion, pepper, Creole spice mix, salt, and turkey in a large bowl. Season with pepper. Mix well and form into 4 large patties. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Place the burgers in the skillet and cook until well browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to the oven and cook until firm to the touch, about 6 minutes. Serve topped with the salsa and with Ruthies Summer Camp Zucchini and Oven Baked Rosemary Chips., ingredients: [12 cherry tomatoes, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, 12 cup cooked fresh corn or thawed frozen corn kernels, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 small red bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon storebought or homemade Creole spice mix, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound ground turkey, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Burgers with Tomato Corn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33573: {instructions: In a large pot, bring to a boil 6 quarts of salted water. Add pasta, stirring constantly in the beginning to prevent it from sticking together. Cook until al dente, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan. When almost smoking, add shallots and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the clams and wine. Cover and simmer for 6 to 8 minutes or until most clams have opened.nAdd 2 tablespoons chopped parsley. Whisk in butter to thicken sauce slightly.nDrain pasta in a colander. Do not rinse pasta with water u2013 this will remove the pastas natural starches. Place pasta into the clam saute pan and mix thoroughly. Check seasoning.nPour pasta into large serving bowl. Zest lemon over the dish, being carefull not to zest the white part of the lemon, which is bitter. Garnish with remaining parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound dried spaghetti, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 5 to 7 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 12 pounds Manila clams, scrubbed clean, 12 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced into small cubes, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested, for garnish], title: Spaghetti with Clams, picturelink: null}, 33574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTake a small bowl and place it upsidedown inside a large bowl. This will provide a small stand for your corn, making it easier to remove the kernels, and the large bowl will catch them as the fall, avoiding a mess. Using a knife, remove the kernels from the corn, letting them fall into the bowl.nDice the onion and red bell pepper and add them to the bowl with the corn. Add 1 tablespoon of the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper. Mix to evenly distribute the ingredients.nSet a pan over medium heat and add some oil. Add the corn mixture to the pan and cook until the onions begin to soften, tossing occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nSprinkle the sea scallops with salt and pepper. Set a pan over mediumhigh heat and add some oil. Add the scallops and sear until golden in color, about 1 minute on each side. Remove from the heat and let rest.nDice the avocados and add them to the corn relish along with the chopped bacon. Season with salt and pepper and mix together.nEvenly distribute the relish among 4 plates and top each with 4 scallops. Garnish with the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley and a squeeze of lemon., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for oiling pan, 16 dry sea scallops, 2 avocados, 12 strips bacon, cooked and chopped, 1 lemon, halved, 4 ears corn, shucked, 1 medium onion, 1 red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Seared Scallops with a Corn, Bacon and Avocado Relish, picturelink: jZ6560CNuOGOIBHS0ZvWyGrXIXW2C.a}, 33575: {instructions: Cook 2 cups sugar with 1 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool completely. For peach puree: Thaw a 16ounce bag of frozen peaches, then puree in a blender with 1 teaspoon grated orange zest and 12 cup of the sugar syrup. Strain through a finemesh strainer and transfer to a bottle or jar. For strawberry or blueberry puree: Thaw a 16ounce bag of frozen berries, then puree in a blender with 13 cup of the sugar syrup. Strain and store in a bottle or jar. Refrigerate purees until ready to use.nPhotograph by Gemma Comas, ingredients: [], title: Fruit Purees, picturelink: JroPbPy1MbP2MpUdA6xTCNgNl5YHVvS}, 33576: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Whisk in the olive oil.nCombine the radishes, tomatoes, lettuce and onions in a large bowl and toss with just enough dressing to coat. Top with the avocado., ingredients: [2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 medium tomatoes, cut into wedges, 12 head iceberg lettuce, cut into bitesized pieces, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 small avocado, cut into chunks], title: Cubano Salad, picturelink: csNEoTh7mf4mOarxMA.r4Z3aUeXIyW}, 33577: {instructions: Blanch the broccoli by throwing florets into boiling water for 30 seconds, then draining and pouring into ice water. When cool, drain and set aside. Keep in the fridge to keep cool.nTo make the sauce, melt the butter in a pot over medium heat and sprinkle in the flour. Whisk to combine and cook until thick, about 1 minute. Pour in the milk and heat until it thickens. Add the grated cheese, cream cheese, salt, Cajun spice, mustard powder and pepper to taste. Stir to melt. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve hot with the cold broccoli and use as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [2 heads broccoli, cut into florets, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 2 cups grated mild Cheddar, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon Cajun spice, 14 teaspoon mustard powder, Black pepper], title: Blanched Broccoli and Cheese Dipping Sauce, picturelink: uGF2n0XtOJZRPlmyyRoO4wQqQex3XFG}, 33578: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler on high. Make 4 sandwiches, but cutting the baguette in half lengthwise, and into 4 crosswise. Spread cheese on both sides of the bread. On 1 side of each sandwich arrange the egg slices. On the other side, spread out the tomato slices. Put on a baking sheet and broil until the edges begin to turn golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. Drizzle each sandwich with a few drops of balsamic vinegar and sprinkle with green onions. Arrange on serving plates and serve.nLay the eggs in a single layer in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water by at least 1inch. Bring to a boil. Cover with a lid, turn off the heat, and allow the eggs to sit for 15 minutes. Rinse with cold water., ingredients: [1 baguette, 4 ounces soft garlic and herb cheese recommended: Boursin, 4 HardBoiled Eggs, thinly sliced, recipe follows, 4 tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 to 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, 1 green onion, green part only, finely chopped], title: Egg and Garlic Cheese Baguette, picturelink: KDNV2sr3dN1L.p0YSEkMWliDw2eba}, 33579: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, and the salt and add 1 14 cups of the cream. Stir the mixture until it just forms a dough and gather the dough into a ball. On a lightly floured surface knead the dough gently 6 times and pat it out 12 inch thick. Cut out as many rounds as possible with a 3inch round cutter dipped in flour and invert the rounds onto a lightly greased baking sheet. Gather the scraps, pat out the dough, and cut out more rounds in the same manner until there are 8 rounds in all. Brush the tops of the rounds with the additional cream, bake the biscuits in the middle of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are pale golden, and transfer them to a rack. Serve the biscuits at room temperature. Yield: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, and the salt and add 1 14 cups of the cream. Stir the mixture until it just forms a dough and gather the dough into a ball. On a lightly floured surface knead the dough gently 6 times and pat it out 12 inch thick. Cut out as many rounds as possible with a 3inch round cutter dipped in flour and invert the rounds onto a lightly greased baking sheet. Gather the scraps, pat out the dough, and cut out more rounds in the same manner until there are 8 rounds in all. Brush the tops of the rounds with the additional cream, bake the biscuits in the middle of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are pale golden, and transfer them to a rack. Serve the biscuits at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups White Lily or allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon doubleacting baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups heavy cream plus additional for brushing the biscuits], title: Cream Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 33580: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 2 to 3 quart baking dish and evenly spread out the bread cubes.nIn a saucepan combine the halfandhalf, butter, salt and vanilla and heat until hot over moderate heat. In a bowl whisk together sugar, eggs, and yolks and add hot halfandhalf mixture in a stream, whisking constantly. Pour mixture over bread cubes. Bake pudding in middle of oven about 40 to 45 minutes, or until puffed and golden. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [3 cups 12inch cubes white bread, 3 34 cups halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, Vanilla ice cream, optional], title: Butterscotch Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 33581: {instructions: Add the gin, ginger liqueur, beet juice, lemon juice and pineapple juice to a shaker filled with ice and shake. Strain into an up glass. Smack the sage leaf between your palms to release the aromatics and float on the cocktail. Detox while you retox., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, 1 ounce ginger liqueur, 34 ounce beet juice, 34 ounce lemon juice, 34 ounce pineapple juice, Fresh sage leaf, for garnish], title: Gin and Juice Cleanse, picturelink: null}, 33582: {instructions: Season the fish fillets with salt and pepper. Heat one very large or two medium sized saute pans over medium high heat for a minute, then add the butter. When the butter is sizzling, add the fillets flesh side down and turn the heat to very high. Sear the fillets until golden brown and flip to sear the other side. Remove fillets from pan and reserve on a rack over a plate to catch juices.nReturn the pan or pans to the heat, add the onions and cook, stirring often, over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic, jalapeno slices, lime wedges, tomatoes, oregano and olives and saute briskly for 1 minute more. Add the white wine and reduce to half. Add the fish stock and bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and return fish fillets, along with their juices, to the pan. Finish cooking, covered, about 1 to 3 minutes depending upon the thickness of fillets.nTaste broth and adjust seasoning, then serve immediately in soup plates with a generous puddle of broth and garnish of vegetables on top., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless sea bass, or other firm fleshed fresh fish, cut in 4 portions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, or butter, 1 small yellow onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 to 3 jalapenos, stemmed and sliced into 14inch disks, 1 lime, cut in 18ths, 1 tomato, cored and seeded, cut in strips, 12 cup Spanish green olives picholines, pitted and sliced, 12 bunch fresh oregano leaves, washed and roughly chopped, 12 cup white wine, 34 cup fish stock or clam juice], title: Sea Bass Veracruzana, picturelink: null}, 33583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nUnfold the pastry sheet on your work surface. If the pastry sticks a bit, dust with some flour. Roll the dough out to about a 10inch square. Cut the square into 4 5inch squares, then cut these in half diagonally to make 8 triangles. Evenly sprinkle all the triangles with the 2 tablespoons sugar. Put the triangles, sugarside up, on the baking sheet. Pop in the oven and bake until nicely puffed and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Let cool. Slice in half horizontally a serrated knife is best for this job.nPut a halved triangle on your serving plate. Spread some StrawberryRhubarb filling on top, stack another halved triangle and more filling on top of that and repeat to make 4 layers total. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve with more sauce on the side. Scoop some Creme Fraiche Ice Cream alongside. Serve the napoleons immediately.nWhisk the sugar and cornstarch in a small bowl, making sure there are no lumps. Add the rhubarb, sugarcornstarch mixture, orange zest and juice and half the strawberries to a saucepan. Give it a good stir. Let this mixture sit about 15 minutes off the heat so it macerates gets nice and juicy. Then put the pan over mediumhigh heat and let cook until the rhubarb is tender but still holds its shape, giving it a stir now and then, about 7 minutes. Let it cool for about 15 minutes, and then stir in the rest of the strawberries.nPour the milk into a large bowl, add the 2 tablespoons lemon juice and let it sit for a couple of minutes.nAdd the creme fraiche, the remaining 13 cup lemon juice and the sugar. Give it a whisk until thoroughly combined. Pour into an ice cream maker and churn as per the manufacturers instructions, then pop in the freezer until its firm., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry half a 17.3ounce package, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, if needed, 3 tablespoons sugar, divided, StrawberryRhubarb Filling, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Creme Fraiche Ice Cream, recipe follows, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 pound rhubarb, cut into 12inch pieces about 3 cups, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 2 pints strawberries, sliced, divided, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons plus 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 cups creme fraiche, 1 cup sugar], title: StrawberryRhubarb Napoleons with Creme Fraiche Ice Cream, picturelink: U6sTUJQHYvG3UeuMfTDJNUQrevuhAQe}, 33584: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the flour and paprika and dredge the chicken in the flour. Shake off excess flour. In a stock pot on high heat, coat with canola oil and brown the chicken. Season with salt and pepper and remove the chicken. In the same pot, brown the onions, carrots and celery. Season. Add the potatoes, thyme, basil, oregano, ginger, garlic, fennel, soy, and stock. Bring to a simmer. Return the chicken to the pan. Cook until chicken is cooked, potatoes are tender, and stock is reduced by 15 to 20 percent, about 30 to 45 minutes. Check for seasoning.nPLATING: Serve in large pasta bowls with crusty bread.nBEVERAGE: Pinot noir, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 pounds bonelessskinless chicken, dark andor white meat, 12inch dice, Canola oil, to cook, Salt and black pepper, 2 onions, sliced, 2 large carrots, peeled, 18inch slices, 2 ribs celery, sliced, 3 large potatoes, washed, squared off, 12inch dice or 3 cups leftover cooked rice, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ginger powder, 8 sprays Fire Roasted Garlic Juice Garlic Valley Farms 8004247990, 1 tablespoon coarse ground fennel, 2 tablespoons naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 quart chicken stock], title: Herb Chicken Stew, picturelink: null}, 33585: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nI brought a handful of Jerusalem Artichokes home from the market, washed and roasted them skin and all in the oven with a simple drizzle of olive oil, sea salt, and pepper. I cooked them all the way through as I would a baked potato. I tried roasting them a second time replacing the olive oil with hazelnut oil for even tastier results. Now, the vegetable risks to take over my produce life as I know it I cut some into thin rounds, fried them and sprinkled them over an arugula salad. Delicious. I thought I had reached my peak with these preparations until I tasted this soup...The combination of roasting and stewing them yields a complex flavor.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace 12 the Jerusalem artichokes on a baking sheet. Drizzle them with 1 12 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the tray in the center of the oven and cook until they are completely yielding when pierced with the tip of a knife, 30 to 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice the rest of the Jerusalem artichokes in 12inch thick slices. Heat a medium pot and add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons olive oil. Add the onion and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes. Add the thyme and the Jerusalem artichokes slices and stir to blend the ingredients. Check the seasoning. Cook for 5 to 10 minutes and add 4 cups water.nCook until the Jerusalem artichokes are completely tender, 25 to 30 minutes. If the liquid reduces too much during this cooking time, add the remaining 1 cup water. Remove the roasted ones from the oven, quarter them and add them directly to the soup mixture. Taste for seasoning.nRemove the thyme from the pot. Add the cream. Puree the soup in small batches in the blender or a hand blender until smooth. For a more rustic texture, puree only 12 and leaving the other 12 chunky. Serve with crusty sourdough or a seeded bread to bring out the naturally nutty flavor of the soup.nServing suggestion: Crusty sourdough bread or seeded bread., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Jerusalem artichokes, scrubbed clean and dried, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, peeled and sliced, 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed lightly with the side of a knife, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, Small bunch fresh thyme, tied with string, 4 to 5 cups water or vegetable stock, if desired, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Jerusalem Artichoke Soup, picturelink: iWCm0HVwI5GnrBI7txEhHp7cSd.5NLi}, 33586: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the chocolate and butter in a large metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water. When the chocolate is just melted, remove from the heat. Add the sugar and mix well. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix well. Add the flour, chips and pecans, and mix well. Drop by large spoonfuls onto a wellgreased sheet pan. Bake 7 to 10 minutes, or just until the cookies are set. Let cool on the pan at least 5 minutes, then remove., ingredients: [6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 34 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 14 cups flour, 34 cup each white and dark chocolate chips, 14 cup toasted ground pecans optional], title: Chocolate Brownie Drop Cookies, picturelink: null}, 33587: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In bowl, mix together coconut, egg whites and extract. With mixer on low, feed in confectioners sugar. Form into balls and line up on nonstick or parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake for 15 minutes and browned on the outside. Let cool. Melt chocolate in double boiler. Drizzle over macaroons with slotted spoon., ingredients: [2 cups unsweetened coconut flakes, 2 egg whites, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate], title: ChocolateCoconut Macaroons, picturelink: Ruu9dvT4Hdx3vP7GjGnU0uLN6.aGG}, 33588: {instructions: Set an oven rack 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until it is al dente, about 6 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 34 cups of the pasta water. Set aside.nMelt the unsalted butter in a large saucepan over medium heat transfer half the melted butter to a medium bowl and reserve. Add the chopped jalapenos to the saucepan, toss to coat and cook until softened, about 5 minutes transfer to a small bowl and reserve.nWipe out the saucepan and add the halfandhalf. Cook over medium heat until it just comes to a simmer. Continue simmering until the halfandhalf is reduced to 1 12 cups, about 15 minutes. Add the cream cheese and stir until melted. Whisk in the Cheddar and Gruyere until all the cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth.nAdd the macaroni and reserved pasta water and stir to combine. The mixture will look very loose, but the pasta will suck up a lot of the sauce as it bakes. Gently fold in the reserved cooked jalapenos, pickled jalapenos and pickled jalapeno juice. Season with salt and cayenne if needed. Pour into a 13by9inch baking dish. Toss the bread crumbs in the bowl with the reserved melted butter and a sprinkle of salt. Sprinkle evenly over the macaroni and cheese. Lay the sliced jalapenos evenly on top of the bread crumbs. Bake until the cheese is bubbly and the bread crumbs are lightly browned and crispy, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 jalapenos, 2 finely chopped and 1 thinly sliced, 2 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded about 3 cups, 3 ounces Gruyere, shredded about 1 cup, 12 cup pickled jalapenos, finely chopped, and 13 cup pickled jalapeno juice, 18 to14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup panko bread crumbs], title: Creamy Jalapeno Popper Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 33589: {instructions: Rinse the rice until the water runs clear. In a heavy saucepan over high heat, combine the rice and water and cover with the lid ajar. Bring the water to a boil, shift the lid so that it covers the pan tightly, turn down the heat to very low, and cook for 20 minutes until the rice is tender and the liquid is absorbed. Never stir the rice during this time. Dont even uncover the pot to peek. Remove from the heat and let rest for 10 minutes before serving. Your rice will be proper., ingredients: [1 part longgrain white rice, 2 parts water], title: Proper Geechee Rice, picturelink: null}, 33590: {instructions: Stir the gin, Campari and vermouth over ice until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe glass, and then garnish with the orange twist., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, 1 ounce Campari, 1 ounce sweet vermouth, Orange twist, for garnish], title: Negroni, picturelink: YYmOvAZATQ.uDHLRAojlcRaH3oCKoDW}, 33591: {instructions: In a food processor, puree the shallots, onion, garlic, cilantro, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, and oregano with the white vinegar. Add the oil do not puree, just mix in and season with salt. Cover the chicken drummettes with the marinade. Marinate chicken, covered and refrigerated, for at least 4 hours.nIn a large size frying pan, heat 1inch oil. Drain the chicken from the marinade. Dredge the chicken in flour, season with salt and pepper. Fry the drummettes until cooked through. Serve on a platter with Jalapeno Dipping Sauce.nIn a small saucepan, heat the vinegar. Once warm, add the mustard, honey, and jalapeno. Boil for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and serve., ingredients: [2 shallots, peeled and trimmed, 1 onion, cut into large dice, 4 garlic cloves, 1 bunch cilantro, 1 bunch parsley, 2 bay leaves, 12 peppercorns, 14 cup dried oregano leaves, 34 cup white vinegar, 1 14 cups salad oil, Salt, 24 chicken wings trimmed and sectioned, tip and 2bone section reserved for stock, meat pushed down to expose the single bone making a drummette or lollipop, Flour, for dredging, Canola oil, for frying, Jalapeno Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 jalapeno, halved], title: Dominican Chicken Lollipops: Chicharron de Pollo, picturelink: null}, 33592: {instructions: In a bowl, cream the butter and sugar. Then mix in the eggs, brandy, salt, vanilla, and flour. Let rest for at least 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Roll out the dough to 18 inch thick. Preheat oven to 350 degree. You can either use cookie cutters or use the point of a toothpick like a knife to cut out cookies in any shapes you want. Once the cookies have been cut out, gently place them on the baking sheet. Then either brush them with egg yolk and sprinkle with nuts and raisins or brush with egg white and sprinkle with blue sugar. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until golden brown. Use a metal spatula to gentle remove each cookie from the baking sheet to a cooling rack or flat plate., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter or margarine, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon brandy optional, Dash of salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 3 12 cups flour, 1 egg yolk, Chopped nuts and raisins or 1 egg white, Coarse sugar colored with blue food coloring], title: Aunt Lisls Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 33593: {instructions: STACK meat slices on microwaveable plate top with cheese.nMICROWAVE on HIGH 20 sec. or until cheese is melted.nSPREAD toast slices with mustard fill with lettuce, tomatoes and meat.nSubstitute: Prepare using a KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Jalapeno American Cheese Slice.nServing Suggestion: Serve with your favorite fresh fruit and vegetables to round out the meal., ingredients: [2 slices roast beef 2 oz., 1 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Bacon Cheddar Cheese Slice, 2 slices sourdough bread, toasted, 1 tsp. GREY POUPON Dijon Mustard, 1 piece leaf lettuce, 2 slices tomato], title: Classic Roast Beef with Bacon Cheddar, picturelink: null}, 33594: {instructions: Note: This dish utilizes the subtlety and texture of tofu to serve as a vehicle for the spicy flavors of the sweet dressing. The combination of the 2 works really well.nSlice the tofu into 4 pieces and place them in a single layer on absorbent paper, lay some more paper on top and gently press down, leave for 20 minutes. This drains off excess water and makes frying easier.nHeat up a fry pan and drizzle in the oil, add the tofu and fry until golden, gently flip over, and cook on the other side. Take out of the pan and place on a plate. Place a wok over heat and add the water and sugar. Stir until the sugar has dissolved and cook over a moderate heat, without stirring, until the sugar begins to caramelize and goes a golden amber color. Now add the ginger, galangal, chiles, lemongrass, shrimps, and lime leaves and stir it into the caramel. It will firm up a little, but keep it cooking over the heat for 20 seconds, then add the lemon juice and fish sauce and bring to a boil. Spoon the sauce over the tofu and eat while warm., ingredients: [17 12 ounces 500 grams tofu, 2 to 3 tablespoons avocado oil, for frying untoasted sesame or peanut oil would also be good, 12 cup water, 8 34 ounces 250 grams sugar, 1 small finger ginger, peeled and finely julienned or sliced, 1 small finger galangal, peeled and finely julienned or sliced, 1 to 2 red chiles, finely sliced, 1 lemongrass stem, cut off the base, peel and discard the outer two layers, and finely slice the lower 2 inches, 1 teaspoon dried shrimps, pounded in a mortar and pestle, 4 lime leaves, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fish sauce], title: Caramelized Spicy Tofu, picturelink: null}, 33595: {instructions: Combine the parsley, lemon zest and garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper.nnHeat the duck fat in a large nonstick or castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook until golden brown on both sides and just tender. Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle the potatoes with the herb mixture. Serve., ingredients: [13 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh lemon zest, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup duck fat, 2 pounds baby new potatoes, parcooked in salted water andcut into 14inchthick slices], title: Sarladaise Home Fries, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 33596: {instructions: For the lamb: Put the salt, coriander seeds, sugar, and red pepper flakes into a mortar and pestle and crush to blend. Place the lamb chops on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Liberally season the chops on both sides with the spice blend. Allow to sit in the refrigerator, covered, for at least 8 to 24 hours before grilling, if possible. This will act as a quick cure, adding more flavor to the lamb when its cooked.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nPut about 12 to 1 cup blended oil into a small bowl. Use the small bunch of mint as a brush and brush the oil onto one side of each lamb chop. Place the oiledside of the lamb face down on the hot grill. Brush the second side or top of the lamb chop with oil and allow to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reaches 125 to 130 degrees F for mediumrare to medium, about 3 to 5 minutes per side, turning once. Allow the chops to rest briefly before serving.nFor the Fava Bean and Feta Salad: Fill a large bowl with ice and water. Place a large pot of water over high heat and bring to a boil. Add salt to taste. Add the fava beans to the water and blanch for about 40 to 50 seconds, or to al dente. Immediately plunge the beans into the ice bath to cool. Once cooled, remove the second shell and set the shelled beans aside.nTo a bowl add, the shallot, garlic, and season with salt to help bring out the moisture. Add the juice of 2 lemons, sliced Fresno peppers, 12 to 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, and freshly ground black pepper and taste. Add the olives, shelled fava beans, crumbled feta and torn mint leaves. Toss to combine. Taste for seasoning.nFor each serving, place 2 lamb chops onto a plate. Top with the feta salad, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and zest of 14 lemon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, toasted, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 tbone lamb chops, 1 small bunch fresh mint, tied together for brushing, Blended oil, Kosher salt, 8 whole fava beans, shelled, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 2 Fresno peppers, thinly sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups pitted kalamata olives, 4 to 8 ounces crumbled feta 1 cup, 8 to 10 sprigs fresh mint, leaves torn], title: Grilled Tbone Lamb Chops with Fava Bean and Feta Salad, picturelink: null}, 33597: {instructions: Combine the mango, garlic, cilantro, vinegar and agave in a bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Whisk in the olive oil. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Add the kale to the dressing and toss to coat. Set aside for 20 minutes before serving to allow the kale time to soften., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, Salt and pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 bunch dinosaur kale, stems removed, leaves shredded], title: Kale Salad with Mango Vinaigrette, picturelink: ty4RDtd598IhG6P5W7nN4miPjMnRN2}, 33598: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add penne and boil for 10 minutes or according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a heavy 12inch skillet heat butter and olive oil until foamy. Add pine nuts and saute, stirring continuously until they turn golden. Add garlic and saute for a minute to release the aroma. Add spinach in two batches if you must and toss together just until wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Add a tablespoon or so of water to get spinach steaming. Drain pasta and serve in bowl. Toss with wilted spinach and garnish with port soaked currants., ingredients: [8 ounce penne pasta, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 pound spinach washed and trimmed, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup currants soaked in port wine], title: Spinach and Pine Nuts with Penne, picturelink: null}, 33599: {instructions: In a saute pan over medium heat, warm 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add yellow onion, garlic, and cilantro. Saute to a golden brown. In a food processor, combine the sauteed mixture and the Roma tomatoes and process until smooth.nIn the same saute pan, over medium heat, warm 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add tomato mixture, cumin, and lime juice. Cook until thickened and darkened for 5 to 6 minutes, stirring frequently or as necessary to avoid scorching. Transfer mixture to a large saucepan.nOver mediumlow heat, add chicken stock and acho chile to saucepan. Simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until mixture is moderately thickened approximately 30 minutes. You may season, to taste, with salt and black pepper when this process is complete.nWhile soup is cooking, cut tortillas into thin strips. In a frying pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the vegetable oil. Drop tortilla strips in hot oil. Turn with tongs until crisp and brown, approximately 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain. Place aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat chicken breasts with Southwest seasoning mixture. Place on a sheet pan and bake until internal temperature is 145 degrees F. Remove from oven. Set chicken aside to rest. Chop into bitesized pieces, preserving coating as much as possible.nPlace desired amount of fried tortilla strips in bowl, top with prepared baked chicken pieces. Ladle soup over top. Garnish with shredded cheese, tomato, avocado, and green onions. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 yellow onions, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 13 ounces cilantro, whole stems and leaves, 1 12 cups strained plum Roma tomatoes, Pinch ground cumin, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 dried ancho chile, Sea salt and pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 12 cup Southwest seasoning mixture, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack, 2 tomatoes, diced, 2 avocados, diced, 2 green onions, sliced], title: Mikes Spicy Southwest Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}}