{33900: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until tender, but still firm to the bite, from 7 to 10 minutes. In a food processor puree until smooth the scallions, parsley, butter, tarragon, lemon zest, lemon juice and ricotta cheese and optional heavy cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drain the pasta, reserving 14 cup of the cooking water. Return pasta to pot, off heat, add the cheese mixture and reserved cooking water and toss thoroughly. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 pound spaghettini or spinach spaghetti, 4 scallions, 14 cup, packed fresh parsley leaves, 1 stick softened butter, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, 34 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup ricotta or fresh goat cheese, 14 cup heavy cream or mascarpone optional], title: Herbed Spaghettini, picturelink: null}, 33901: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 550 degrees. Heat a roasting pan large enough to hold the bird in the warming oven. Pull bird out of brine and rinse extremely well. Pat dry and rub canola oil all over and inside the bird and season with black pepper. Place turkey into the hot roasting pan and return to the oven. Let brown on top, about 20 to 30 minutes. Place foil on top of the bird and reduce oven to 325 degrees. Cook for 1 12 to 2 hours, or until juices run clear after puncturing between leg and breast. Let bird rest 10 minutes before slicing. Drain off all but 2 tablespoons of fat reserve the rest. Place roasting pan on a high burner and saute garlic, shiitakes, and leeks until soft, about 5 to 8 minutes. Season and deglaze with white wine and reduce by 50 percent. Add stock and reduce by 25 percent. Check for flavor. Keep sauce hot. Do not wash roasting pan. Place a mound of yams in the middle of a platter and surround with sliced turkey. Serve sauce in a small sauceboat. Beverage: Buttery California ChardonnaynIn a large bowl, mix together the yams, sugar, juice, zest, ginger, five spice powder, and butter. Season. Place in a preheated 325 degrees oven when you turn the oven down for the turkey and bake for 1 12 to hours, or until potatoes or soft., ingredients: [1 12 to 15 pound turkey, lightly brined over night water should taste like weak sea water, optional but highly recommended especially if it is frozen, Canola oil, to coat, Black pepper, 10 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 cups sliced shiitakes, 4 leeks, white part only, cut into 14 inch dice, 2 cups white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, Candied Yams, recipe follows, 8 large yams or sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons ginger, minced, 12 teaspoon five spice powder, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, Salt and black pepper], title: Roasted Turkey with ShiitakeLeek Pan Sauce and Candied Yams, picturelink: null}, 33902: {instructions: Grilled shrimp, recipe followsnPlace bulgur in a bowl and pour the boiling water over. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand until bulgur is tender and most of the water is absorbed, about 1 to 2 hours.nDrain off any excess liquid from the bulgur and stir in the arugula, green onions and mint.nWhisk together the lemon juice, garlic and oil and season with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the bulgur and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer tabbouleh to a platter and top with the grilled shrimp. Garnish with fresh mint leaves.nCombine juice, mint, oil and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Place shrimp in a bowl, pour marinade over and stir to coat evenly in the marinade. Marinate for 10 minutes.nHeat grill to high. Season shrimp with salt and grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side or until slightly charred and just cooked through., ingredients: [12 cup medium or coarsely cracked bulgur, 1 12 cups boiling water, 34 cup baby arugula leaves, 2 large green onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped mint leaves, plus whole leaves, for garnish, 14 cup fresh lemon or lime juice, 1 clove garlic, mashed to a paste, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup canola oil, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound shrimp 20 to 24 size, shelled and deveined, Salt], title: Mint Marinated Grilled Shrimp Tabbouleh Salad, picturelink: 9LGVpKbjuC4pf7x9y5HcjqhN2l5uSoi}, 33903: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nArrange chicken in an oiled baking dish and surround with the carrots, onion and orange. Sprinkle the chicken and vegetables with the herbes de Provence and seasoned salt.nIn a small bowl combine the honey and mustard and brush the mixture over the chicken. Drizzle the chicken and vegetables with the oil and sprinkle with hot pepper sauce. Bake, covered with foil, basting occasionally, for 45 minutes. Uncover, add zucchini, and bake for an additional 20 minutes or until juices from chicken run clear and vegetables are tender. If desired, run under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat until golden., ingredients: [6 whole chicken legs, skinned, 4 carrots, sliced thick, 1 large onion, cut into 18inch pieces, 1 navel orange, cut into 18ths, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt or Cavenders Greek seasoning, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons olive oil, or to taste, Hot pepper sauce, to taste, 2 zucchini, sliced], title: Honeyed Chicken Legs, picturelink: null}, 33904: {instructions: Mix together crabmeat, cornbread, spinach, pine nuts, mustard and salt and pepper. Lay fish skin side up and top with 2 12 ounces stuffing. Roll tightly and refrigerate until set. Dredge in seasoned flour, dip in buttermilk, and roll through fish fry mix. Deep fry at 350 degrees F until light brown. Remove to sheet pan and finish in a preheated 350 degree F oven until temperature of 150 degrees F. Top with 1 12 ounces cajun beurre blanc and garnish with lemon.nIn heavy saucepan, add all ingredients except butter and cream. Reduce the liquid over low heat. Add heavy cream and reduce by half. Slowly add butter, whipping continuouslyalternating pan on and off flame. Strain and add seasoning., ingredients: [12 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 loaf 3 by 6 by 1inch baked cornbread, 1 cup cooked spinach,chopped, 14 cup pine nuts,toasted, 1 tablespoon creole mustard, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 6ounce boneless catfish fillets, skinned, 1 cup seasoned flour, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups fish fry mix, Cajun beurre blanc recipe follows, Lemon, for garnish, 1 12 cups white wine, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 bay leaf, 1 fresh lemon, halved, 2 shallots, minced, 1 pound butter, cut in 1inch pieces, I cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, cracked, 1 tablespoon blackened seasoning, see previous recipe], title: Bayou Stuffed Catfish with Cajun Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 33905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saute pan. Add the onions, thyme, salt, and pepper and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, until the onions are translucent but not brown. Off the heat, add the Worcestershire sauce, chicken stock, and tomato paste. Allow to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, combine the ground chuck, onion mixture, bread crumbs, and eggs, and mix lightly with a fork. Dont mash or the meat loaf will be dense. Shape the mixture into a rectangular loaf on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper. Spread the ketchup evenly on top. Bake for 1 to 1 14 hours, until the internal temperature is 160 degrees F and the meat loaf is cooked through. A pan of hot water in the oven, under the meat loaf, will keep the top from cracking. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 3 cups chopped yellow onions 3 onions, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup canned chicken stock or broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 12 pounds ground chuck 81 percent lean, 12 cup plain dry bread crumbs recommended: Progresso, 2 extralarge eggs, beaten, 12 cup ketchup recommended: Heinz], title: Meat Loaf, picturelink: n8i9xbA1HVxrWBeKPJYl.wmKZtFh6Cm}, 33906: {instructions: MARINATE THE STEAK: Combine 1 cup of the salsa, the garlic, 2 tablespoons of the oil, the Worcestershire, and lime juice in a resealable plastic bag and add the steak. Shake to evenly disperse and marinate for at least 30 minutes at room temperature or up to 2 hours in the refrigerator.nSET UP: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil and keep warm in the oven.nSEAR THE STEAKS: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the steaks from the bag, allowing the large salsa bits and extra marinade to drip off, and pat with paper towels to dry slightly. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and a couple turns of pepper. Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons oil into the skillet and cook the steaks on one side until browned, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook until charred and mediumrare, about 3 more minutes. Let rest on a cutting board before slicing.nMASH THE BEANS: Add the beans with their liquid to the same skillet and cook until the liquid has reduced by half, 4 to 6 minutes. Mash with a potato masher until smooth.nASSEMBLE THE TACOS: Slice the steak against the grain into 2 to 3inchlong pieces. Spread the center of each tortilla with 1 tablespoon of the beans. Arrange a few slices of steak on top of each with some of the remaining salsa and some cilantro. Serve the extra beans on the side., ingredients: [1 12 cups jarred red salsa about 12 ounces, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice about 2 limes, 1 14 pounds skirt steak, trimmed and cut into 3 pieces, 12 6inch flour tortillas, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 15ounce cans cannellini beans, with liquid, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped], title: SalsaMarinated Skirt Steak Soft Tacos with Refried White Beans, picturelink: yz51BJr6cF9M4MbBbTFZi1L6uO7SsnG}, 33907: {instructions: Combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar, and stock in a small bowl.nIn a medium saute pan, heat the 3 tablespoons of oil and caramelize the garlic until golden brown. Add 1 cup of the oyster mixture and reduce to a glaze.nIn a deep fryer or heavybottomed pot, heat the peanut oil to 375 degrees F. Add the beans and fry for about 20 seconds. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. Add beans to sauce and toss until beans are well coated. Transfer to plate. Garnish with Thai basil or scallions.nPrepare an ice bath. Separate the garlic into cloves and remove the ends of each clove. Fill a small saucepan with water. Salt lightly and bring to a boil. Carefully drop the whole cloves into the water and blanch for 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge into the ice water to stop the cooking process. Repeat the process. Drain the garlic and dry it well. The peels should slip off easily. Cut the garlic into slices and use as needed.nYield: 34 to 1 cup, ingredients: [14 cup oyster sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, Doubleblanched garlic, recipe follows, 16 ounces haricots verts, stems removed, Thai basil or scallions, chopped, for garnish, 3 heads garlic, Kosher salt], title: Dry Fried String Beans, picturelink: null}, 33908: {instructions: Special equipment: crepe pannStart by making the aromatic shrimp filling: Combine the first 5 ingredients in a small bowl and stir to combine. Season the mix with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan, bring 1inch of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Place the chives in the water and blanch for 1 minute. Remove the chives and squeeze them dry in a paper towel. The chives will be all bunched up in a ball at this point, so carefully separate them and set them aside.nTo assemble your purses: take a crepe and cut it in half. Place a heaping tablespoon of the shrimp filling in the middle of each half of crepe and draw up the sides of the crepe as to make a pouch of filling resembling a purse. Carefully twist the crepe around at the top and lay it on its side, holding the crepe closed at the top. Slip a chive under the crepe and tie it around the twisted top in a knot to secure the purse. Trim away any extra crepe and length of chive. After practicing this technique a few times you will get the hang of it and they will come together nicely. These may be made ahead of time and frozen for up to 1 month.nTo make the crepe batter, combine the flour, milk, water, eggs, 2 tablespoons of butter, and salt in a blender. Blend on high until the batter is smooth. Cover and let the batter sit for 30 minutes. This is essential in creating strong crepes which will hold up to the stress of tying them into your beggars purses. Place a 7 12inch nonstick crepe pan over medium heat. Brush a little of the remaining melted butter into the pan with a pastry brush. Ladle 2 tablespoons of crepe batter into the pan and swirl to coat the entire pan evenly. Cook the crepe until it is set and the bottom is golden brown. Using a heatproof rubber spatula, flip the crepe over and cook on the second side until it is lightly browned as well. Continue making crepes with remaining batter. Set aside covered with a dish towel until you are ready to assemble your beggars purses., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked shrimp, finely diced about 12 medium shrimp, 1 lemon, zested, 14 lemon, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 20 blades fresh chives, Crepes, recipe follows, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup milk, 14 cup water, 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Pinch salt], title: Beggars Purses Filled with Shrimp and Scented with Lemon and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 33909: {instructions: Cook 2 cups orzo in 4 cups chicken broth so that pasta absorbs flavor of broth. Transfer to a bowl. Chop apricots and fold into orzo. Melt 4 tablespoons butter until golden and add to orzo season with salt and pepper.nReheat, covered in 350 degree oven for 15 minutes or until hot. To create garnish: saute almonds in remaining 2 tablespoons of butter with a pinch of sugar and cinnamon sprinkle over the stuffing when it comes out of the oven., ingredients: [2 cups orzo, 4 cups chicken broth, 12 cup dried apricots, plumped in Port wine, 6 tablespoons unsalted, butter, 12 cup sliced almonds, Pinch sugar and cinnamon, Salt and pepper], title: Orzo with Dried Fruits and Nuts, picturelink: null}, 33910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 cups pecan wood chips, soaked in water for 2 hours soaked rosemary sprigs or sage leaves, optionalnTie the loin with kitchen twine at 1inch intervals and add to the HoneyRosemary Brine in a large container. Brine the pork loin in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 12 hours. Remove from the brine, rinse under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour before grilling.nPrepare the charcoal in a chimney starter allowing the charcoal to burn until all the charcoal is covered with a thin layer of gray ash and add to the grill, creating a twolevel fire by spreading the coals out over half the grill bottom, piling them up in a mound 3 briquettes high, leaving the other half with no coals. Spread the soaked wood chips evenly over the top and the rosemary sprigs or sage leaves, if desired. Put the cooking grate in place and open the grill lid vents halfway. Let the grate heat for 5 minutes. Use a grill brush to scrape the cooking grate clean.nBrush the entire loin with the olive oil and sprinkle with pepper. Place the pork on the opposite side of the coals but close to the fire. Cover with the lid and turn the lid so that the vents are opposite the fire to draw smoke through the grill. Use a grill thermometer and make sure the heat inside the grill is at 400 degrees F.nGrill the pork, covered, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork registers about 135 degrees F. This will take anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes, depending the thickness of the loin.nTransfer the loin to a cutting board, tent loosely with foil and let rest 15 minutes before cutting into thick slices. Serve with the Agrodolce Grilled Peaches and drizzle some of the reduced peach glaze over the meat.nBring 6 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the broth, salt, honey, sugar, peppercorns, rosemary and garlic, stirring to dissolve the salt. Remove from the heat and add the ice cubes to cool quickly to room temperature.nBring the vinegar, honey, nectar and some salt and pepper to a simmer in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat. Cook until the liquid is reduced to a syrupy consistency, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat.nBrush the cut side of the peaches with the canola oil, season with salt and pepper and place cutside down on the grill over mediumhigh heat. Grill until lightly golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, cook 1 to 2 minutes then brush with the glaze and cook another minute or so. The peaches should be tender but hold their shape. Transfer the peaches to a platter and drizzle with some of the glaze., ingredients: [1 boneless bladeend pork loin with 18inch layer of fat still attached to one side, HoneyRosemary Brine, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, Agrodolce Grilled Peaches, recipe follows, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup kosher salt, 14 cup clover honey, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 8 large sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 cups ice cubes, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup clover honey, 14 cup peach nectar or water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 slightly under ripe peaches, halved and pitted, 14 cup canola oil], title: Sicilian Grilled Pork Loin with Agrodolce Grilled Peaches, picturelink: yuLZuzPrFyN0AdPZwqhFr68T4KQgl6}, 33911: {instructions: For the sauce: Place the yogurt, parsley, olive oil, lemon juice, lemon zest, cumin, pepper and salt in a food processor. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula as needed, about 30 seconds. Set asidenFor the fish: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. In a shallow bowl, combine the flour with the coriander and salt. Dredge each fillet in the seasoned flour and coat well. Shake off excess flour, then add the fillets to the hot pan. Cook on the first side for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown and cooked most of the way through. Carefully flip, and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes.nTo assemble: Brush the bread slices with the olive oil and toast on a grill or grill pan over high heat for 3 minutes per side, or until golden brown.nSpread each slice with a few tablespoons of the sauce and place a fish fillet on top. Add another dollop of sauce and scatter over some arugula and cherry tomatoes. Add a squeeze of lemon, season with salt and serve., ingredients: [12 cup lowfat plain Greek yogurt, such as Fage 2percent, 1 cup whole parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, from 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, from 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup quickmixing flour, such as Wondra, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Four 6ounce red snapper fillets, skinned and boned, 4 slices rustic bread, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups baby arugula, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 12 lemon, Kosher salt], title: Red Snapper OpenFaced Sandwiches, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 33912: {instructions: Line a loaf pan with plastic wrap, fill threequarter full with the ice cream, cover, and freeze until firm.nWhen hard, use a sharp knife and a soup spoon to dig a trench down the center of the ice cream, reserving the ice cream from the trench to make a top later. The trench should leave an inch of vanilla ice cream along with long ends of the pan and go 34 of the way down the pan. Refreeze.nChoose a large metal or glass bowl that will neatly sit on a pot on the stovetop. Put 1 to 2inches water in the pot and bring to a simmer.nMeanwhile, beat the yolks and sugar together in the bowl still on the countertop with electric beaters until very thick and ribbony. Add the puree, and liqueur. Set the bowl over the pot of simmering water, and continue beating until very thick and much increased in volume, about 10 minutes. It should have the consistency of firmly whipped cream. Remove the bowl from the heat, and set it over a large bowl full of ice cubes. Continue beating until cool.nWhip the cream to soft peaks and fold it in. Remove the bombe mould from the freezer and pour the raspberry mixture into the well of vanilla ice cream. Cover and return to the freezer for several hours, or until completely set. Soften the reserved trench ice cream and spread it over the top to fill the pan to the brim. Freeze again.nTo serve, uncover the loaf mold. Wrap a towel dampened in hot water around the base and hold it upside down. Shake out. Slice with a knife, dipped first in hot water. Refreeze in slice form until ready to serve. Raspberry coulis is the right accompaniment.nServing suggestion: Raspberry coulis, for serving ., ingredients: [4 cups or 2 pints good quality vanilla ice cream, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup raspberry puree, 3 tablespoons raspberryflavored liqueur, 12 cup heavy cream, Special equipment: loaf pan], title: Vanilla and Raspberry Bombe Glacee, picturelink: null}, 33913: {instructions: Heat 1 inch of oil in a large, deep cast iron skillet over high heat to 350 degrees F.nSeason chicken well on both sides with salt and pepper. Place the flour in a brown paper bag, add 1 tablespoon of salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, curry powder, and cayenne pepper, and shake to combine.nAdd the chicken 3 pieces at a time to the bag, and shake well to coat each piece with the flour. Put them on a rack when you have finished.nSlowly add the chicken pieces to the hot pan skinside down. Cover the skillet and reduce the heat to medium high and cook for 7 minutes, remove the cover, turn the chicken over and continue to cook for 6 to 7 minutes, or until golden brown and cooked through. Drain on paper towels and transfer to a platter and drizzle with MangoYogurt sauce or serve alongside. Serve with Asparagus with Red Chile Oil.nHeat olive oil in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the curry powder and water and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nPlace the yogurt, mango, onion mixture and lime juice in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Toss asparagus with oil and season with salt. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes or until just cooked through.nPlace all ingredients in a blender and puree. Strain through a fine strainer. May be refrigerated up to 3 days. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [Vegetable, canola, or peanut oil, for frying, 1 3 to 4 pound whole chicken, cut up into 8 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups flour, 1 tablespoon good quality curry powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, MangoYogurt Sauce, recipe follows, Asparagus with Red Chile Oil, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons good quality curry powder, 14 cup water, 2 cups plain yogurt, 1 ripe mango, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, 14 cup red chile oil, recipe follows, Salt, 1 cup pure olive oil, 2 dried New Mexico chile peppers available at specialty markets, stemmed and seeded, 12 teaspoon dried chile de arbol available at specialty markets, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder available at specialty markets], title: Cast Iron Skillet Curry Fried Chicken with Curry and MangoYogurt Sauce and Red Chile Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 33914: {instructions: null, ingredients: [112 cups all purpose flour, 1 Tbsp baking powder, 3 tbsp and 34 tsp of Truviau2122 natural sweetener spoonable, 14 cup sugar, 14 tsp salt, 1 cup skim milk, 14 cup liquid egg substitute, 13 cup canola oil, 12 tsp vanilla extract, 34 cup blueberries fresh or frozen, May substitute with 12 packets Truviau2122 natural sweetener], title: Reduced Sugar Blueberry Muffins with Truviaand153 Natural Sweetener, picturelink: QSGO5vrRCbY8J99TzMSHHkWMe2sUfq}, 33915: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet or wok. When hot, combine the chicken broth, water, soy sauce and sherry. Stir together and add the green onion, garlic, sugar, ginger, salt, pepper. Bring all to a boil. Add Curlys Sauceless Pulled Pork and lower heat, cover and let simmer until pork is warm. Check occasionally to make sure sauce is not thickening too much. If needed, add more water. Add mandarin oranges two minutes before ready to plate. Serve over steamed or fried rice., ingredients: [1 package of Curlys Sauceless Pulled Pork, 1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sherry, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt and Pepper to taste, 1 can of Mandarin oranges], title: Asian Mandarin Pork, picturelink: null}, 33916: {instructions: Whip the cream to soft peaks and add about 13 of the melted chocolate. Fold gently with a rubber spatula. Mix the remaining chocolate into the whipped cream. Mix only until combined, as you will deflate the cream if you overmix. Place the mousse in a large pastry bag and pipe into decorative serving cups., ingredients: [1 quart heavy or whipping cream, 14 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: cSguOagIKZ68sqrTJM9HyMSRHw5Sku}, 33917: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the celery, garlic, garlic powder, onion, Italian seasoning, and marjoram, and saute in the olive oil. Add the mushrooms, and cook until the liquid evaporates. In a mixing bowl, combine the barley, oats, sunflower seeds, pecans, sesame paste, and soy sauce with the saute mixture. Mix all ingredients thoroughly, then cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill. Just before cooking, remove the mixture from the refrigerator, and shape into patties. The patties can be fried in peanut oil, 3 12 to 4 minutes per side, or they can be baked in a 350 degree F oven for 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 celery stalk, diced, 4 garlic cloves, crushed or minced, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground marjoram, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound mushrooms of your choice, washed and chopped, 1 cup cooked barley, 1 cup cooked rolled oats, 12 cup sunflower seeds, toasted, 14 cup pecans, toasted, or any other kind of nut, 14 cup sesame paste, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup peanut oil, for frying optional], title: Mushroom Burgers, picturelink: null}, 33918: {instructions: In a large pitcher or bowl, blend the ice cream, coffee flavored liqueur, hazelnut liqueur, milk, chocolate syrup, and malt powder together until creamy and thoroughly combined. Add a bit more milk if the mixture is too thick. Pour into milkshake glasses and garnish with whipped cream, shaved chocolate and cherries., ingredients: [4 cups 2 pints chocolate ice cream, 13 cup coffeeflavored liqueur, 13 cup hazelnut liqueur, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 14 cup malt powder, Whipped cream, for garnish, Shaved chocolate, for garnish, Cherries in syrup, for garnish], title: Neelys Midnight Malt, picturelink: null}, 33919: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly mist a shallow 2quart baking or gratin dish with cooking spray.nThinly slice the squash, zucchini, potato, and onion 14inch thick with a mandolin or by hand. Shingle the vegetables in the prepared baking dish in one layer. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with the rosemary leaves and drizzle with olive oil. Cover with foil and bake until the potatoes are tender, 30 to 35 minutes.nRemove the foil sprinkle with the cheese. Bake until the cheese is browned and most of the liquid has evaporated, about 45 minutes more. Let stand at least 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 medium yellow summer squash about 8 ounces, 1 medium zucchini about 8 ounces, 1 small Yukon gold potato, about 4 ounces, scrubbed and thinly sliced, 14 small sweet onion, such as Vidalia, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves removed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup 1 12 ounces freshly grated Manchego cheese], title: Provencal Summer Squash and Potato Gratin, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 33920: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the soy sauce, canola oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, ginger root, garlic, and mustard in a bowl. Pour half the sauce in a low flat dish thats just large enough to hold the swordfish in one layer. Place the swordfish on top of the sauce and spread the remaining sauce on top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or preferably overnight.nThirty minutes before youre ready to serve, build a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill.nWhen the coals are mediumhot, brush the cooking grate with oil to prevent the fish from sticking. Remove the fish from the marinade, allowing some of the ginger to cling to the fish, and discard the marinade. Sprinkle the fish generously on both sides with salt and place it over the coals. Cook for 5 minutes on each side, just until its no longer pink in the middle. Place on a platter, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [13 cup soy sauce, 14 cup canola or peanut oil, plus extra for brushing on the grill, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup minced or finely chopped ginger root, 2 tablespoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Six 8ounce, 1inch thick swordfish steaks, Kosher salt], title: Indonesian Grilled Swordfish, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 33921: {instructions: Rinse the trout and pat very dry. Place a sprig of sage in the cavity of each fish and season the inside with salt and pepper. Close the cavity by threading a wooden skewer through the flaps. Season the outside of the fish with salt and pepper and dredge in the cornmeal. If dredging in flour, pat off the excess.nHeat two large skillets over medium high heat and divide the bacon fat between them. When the fat shimmers add the fish and fry until crisp and golden brown, about 4 minutes. Carefully flip the fish with a large flat spatula. Continue to cook the fish on the other side until just cooked though and golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer the fish to a platter and serve immediately with the lemon wedges., ingredients: [Four 12ounce whole trout, boned and pan ready, 4 sprigs fresh sage, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup stone mill ground cornmeal or allpurpose flour, 13 cup rendered bacon fat, 1 lemon cut into 8 wedges], title: Panfried Trout, picturelink: null}, 33922: {instructions: Combine 12 cup water with the sugar, black salt and mint in a small saucepan. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the sugar and salt dissolve into a sweet and salty simple syrup. Strain the syrup and transfer to the fridge to cool. Discard the mint leaves. Squeeze the limes into a pitcher and add the chilled simple syrup. Crush or muddle a few mint leaves in the bottom of an 8ounce mint julep cup until they form a paste. Fill halfway with ice. Add 2 ounces of the simple syrup and the bourbon and top with seltzer. Stir until the silver cup is frosted on the outside. To serve, garnish with a sprig of fresh mint. Reserve the remaining simple syrup for additional drinks., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon black Indian rock salt, 12 bunch fresh mint leaves, plus more for muddling and 1 sprig for garnish, 2 juicy limes, Crushed or shaved ice, 2 ounces goodquality Kentucky bourbon, Seltzer water], title: Nimbu Pani Mint Julep, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 33923: {instructions: Combine the sugar, butter and cinnamon in a flambe pan or skillet. Place the pan over low heat either on an alcohol burner or on top of the stove and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the banana liqueur and then place the bananas in the pan. When the banana sections soften and begin to brown, carefully add the rum. Continue to cook the sauce until the rum is hot and then tip the pan slightly to ignite the rum. When the flames subside, lift the bananas out of the pan and place four pieces over each portion of ice cream. Generously spoon warm sauce over the top of the ice cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 14 cup 12 stick butter, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup banana liqueur, 4 bananas, cut in half lengthwise then halved, 14 cup white rum, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: GL4kdAwlaxSDB0w2VB673zW4PmNsvuS}, 33924: {instructions: APPLES: Core apples and peel top half. Use melon baller to core. Place in baking dish, open end up, with approximately 12 inch of water surrounding. Sprinkle sugar inside and on top of the apple. Bake approximately 1 hour at 400F, until tender. Cool and serve warm or room temperature if done in advance, refrigerate until an hour or more before serving. To serve, place room temperature or hot apple on plate and pour raspberry sauce over. Sprinkle with toffee pieces.nRASPBERRY CREAM SAUCE: Puree fruit in blender and put through sieve to remove seeds. Combine with sugar, zest and cream. Thin with a little water or a fruity wine if necessary. Seal and refrigerate for up to two days until serving.nTOFFEE: Preheat oven to 425F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Sprinkle sugar in thin layer. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and allow to cool completely on baking sheet. When cool break into pieces and remove from sheet., ingredients: [8 Fuji apples, water, white sugar, 2 cups fresh raspberries, 1 12 Tbs. confectioners sugar, 1 tsp. grated lemon zest, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup superfine sugar], title: Baked Apples With Raspberry Cream And Toffee, picturelink: null}, 33925: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTrim a thin slice off of the bottom of each apple. Cut the tops off apples and trim way skin of tops of apples, trim should be 12inch wide. Hollow out the apples with a small paring knife, carving out a cavity for the filling. Rub the tops and cavities with wedges of lemon to retard browning.nCombine butter, sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon, nuts, flour and oatmeal in a bowl  mixture should be crumbly  and then pack into apples. Place apples in a shallow baking dish and add 14inch of water to the dish. Bake apples 17 to 20 minutes, until filling bubbles and apples are tender but not soft. Remove from oven. Serve warm or room temperature.nFor stuffed tomatoes, mix tuna and next 7 ingredients to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cut a thin slice off the bottom of each tomato to stabilize it. Seed and hollow out the tomato with a spoon over garbage bowl or into sink with disposal system. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper, then fill with salad, mounding the tuna up. The tomatoes are ready to serve or chill.nFor zucchini, combine chick peas and next 4 ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cut each zucchini in half lengthwise. Hollow out seeds, making room for filling, using a soup spoon. Fill squash with chick pea and red pepper cheese using a rubber spatula. Cut the zucchini into 2 inch pieces., ingredients: [6 medium McIntosh apples, 2 wedges lemon, 6 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated or ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup walnut pieces, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup oatmeal, 2 cans Italian tuna in olive oil, drained and flaked, 1 can artichoke hearts in water, drained and chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, a couple of handfuls, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and pepper, 6 vine ripe tomatoes, red, yellow, or mixed, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 2 roasted red peppers, drained, 8 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 1 clove garlic, cracked from skin, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and coarse black pepper, 2 medium zucchini squash, washed], title: A Stuffed Picnic: Tuna and Artichoke Stuffed Tomatoes, Red Pepper, Feta and Chick Pea Stuffed Zucchini, Nut and Brown Sugar Stuffed Macintosh Apples, picturelink: mw.1DDmzY4sOZninlLxqJ8nnkifbPfa}, 33926: {instructions: For the roast beef with cucumber and chive cream cheese: Combine the cream cheese, chives and lemon zest and juice in a medium mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper, mixing together to blend.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the chive cream cheese onto each slice of bread. Top 4 of the bread slices with a thin layer of cucumber, 2 slices of roast beef and another slice of bread making 4 sandwiches.nFor the ham and cheddar with dill butter: Combine the butter and dill in a medium mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper, mixing together to blend.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the dill butter onto each slice of bread. Top 4 of the bread slices with 2 slices of ham, 1 slice of cheese and another slice of bread making 4 sandwiches., ingredients: [12 cup whipped cream cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 thin slices white bread, such as Pepperidge Farm, 12 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 6 ounces thinly sliced roast beef, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 12 tablespoons minced fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 thin slices white bread, such as Pepperidge Farm, 6 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, 4 slices Cheddar], title: Road Trip Sandwiches, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 33927: {instructions: Coat an outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan with cooking spray and preheat to medium high.nLay out 3 chicken strips, about 12inch apart. Place a scallion crosswise over the center of the chicken pieces. Then wrap chicken over scallion 1 by 1, securing with a toothpick. Repeat process until you have used 1 pound of chicken.nSeason and grill the remaining 1 pound chicken breasts for another meal later in the week.nIn a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, ginger, and garlic powder. Reserve half a cup of the marinade to use as a dipping sauce. Brush the remaining marinade all over the chickenscallion skewers.nGrill kebabs 5 to 7 minutes turning occasionally until the chicken is cooked through.nGarnish the reserved dipping sauce with sesame seeds and serve alongside skewers., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, sliced crosswise into 12inch thick slices, 8 to 12 scallions, Wooden picks, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons dark sesame oil, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger or ground ginger, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoons sesame seeds, to garnish], title: Chicken Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 33928: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add celery roots, onions and celery. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Add garlic, celery salt and cayenne pepper and stir 1 minute. Add vermouth and boil until most of liquid evaporates, about 8 minutes. Add stock. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are very tender, about 15 minutes. Puree soup in blender in batches until smooth. Return to saucepan. Add cream. Simmer until thickened to desired consistency, about 5 minutes. Ladle soup into bowls. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 1 pound celery roots, peeled, cut into 1 inch pieces, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine, 5 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 cup whipping cream, Chopped fresh chives or celery leaves], title: Cream of Celery Root Soup, picturelink: null}, 33929: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrew the tea with 6 cups hot water. Cool to room temperature and chill in the refrigerator, about 1 hour.nIn a large pitcher, combine the brewed tea, lemonade, gin, liqueur and grenadine. Mix well and pour over tall glasses filled with ice. Garnish with grapefruit slices., ingredients: [4 hibiscus tea bags, 6 cups lemonade, 1 12 cups gin, 12 cup orange liqueur, 14 cup grenadine, Ice, Pink grapefruit slices, for garnish], title: Happening Halftime, picturelink: IJu.XKw8nNPxNLbZVQ4nju.ZWowEcm}, 33930: {instructions: Combine the tomato paste, tomatoes, potato, zucchini, onion, jalapeno, garlic, oregano, cumin, cilantro and hominy in a 6quart slow cooker. Add the crushed tortilla chips, the chicken broth and 1 teaspoon salt. Cover and cook on low, 7 12 hours. Add the chicken and cook 30 more minutes.nCombine the cheese and milk in a medium microwavesafe bowl microwave, whisking occasionally, until melted and smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve the soup topped with tortilla chips, the cheese sauce and sliced jalapeno.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes preferably fireroasted, 1 large russet potato, peeled and diced, 1 zucchini, cut into 34inch pieces, 12 white onion, finely diced, 1 small jalapeno pepper, finely chopped, plus slices for topping remove seeds for less heat, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 sprigs cilantro, 1 15ounce can hominy, drained and rinsed, 34 cup crushed tortilla chips, plus whole chips for topping, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 34inch pieces, 8 ounces American cheese, diced, 12 cup milk], title: Chicken Nacho Soup, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 33931: {instructions: For the baba: Mix together the flour, butter, honey, yeast and salt in a large bowl. Knead the dough while adding the eggs one by one. The dough must not stick to the sides of the bowl knead until the dough becomes elastic and smooth, about 45 minutes. Leave to rest for 30 minutes in the bowl.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F180 C. Grease 18 molds with butter.nDistribute the dough evenly into the molds by hand or using a pastry pipe, filling halfway. Place into a deep baking tray, and fill with warm water 85 to 95 degrees F up to the top of the molds. Let rest until the dough rises and overflows the molds slightly.nBake for about 25 minutes, turning the tray half way through. Cooking time varies according to size, color and dryness. Unmold the babas, and let dry for about 6 minutes in an open door oven, and then cool on a rack.nFor the syrup: Mix 2 18 cups water with the sugar, zests and vanilla in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let the flavors infuse. Dip the babas into the hot but not boiling syrup, turning with a slotted spoon. Check the dipping. The babas must be imbibed and properly drained.nFor the cream: Mix the vanilla seeds into the cream. Whisk in the sugar so to obtain a threequarters whipped cream must remain slightly wet.nPlace the babas on a plate and coat with the apricot topping. In front of the guests, cut the babas in two and cover with the aged rum of their choice. Serve with the vanilla cream., ingredients: [Le Baba:, 7 ounces200 g allpurpose flour, 2 12 ounces70 g unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 13 ounce8.5 g honey, 13 ounce8.5 g yeast, 18 ounce2 g salt, 5 eggs, Syrup:, 8 34 ounces250 g sugar, 1 lemon zest, 1 orange zest, 12 scraped out vanilla pod and seeds, Vanilla Cream:, Seeds from 12 scraped vanilla pod, 2 18 cups cream, 3 12 ounces100 g sugar, Garnish:, 1 ounce25 g apricot topping, Aged rum, Special equipment: 2 by 2inch baba au rhum molds], title: Baba au Rhum, picturelink: null}, 33932: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom kitchen torchnFor the crust: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the graham crackers, sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the crumbs are very fine, about 1 minute. Dump the crumbs into a medium bowl, then dust out the bowl of the food processor with a paper towel, and place the bowl and blade back on the machine.nIn a small heatproof bowl, combine the butter, 2 teaspoons water and the vanilla extract. Heat in the microwave on high power until the butter melts, about 45 seconds. Stir to blend, and then pour into the crumbs. Use a fork to toss the mixture until its evenly moistened when you grab a fistful of crumbs and squeeze, it should hold together like damp sand if not, add a bit more water, 12 teaspoon at a time, until you get there. Turn the crust mixture into the tart pan, and pat into the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Use a flatbottomed measuring cup to press the crust firmly into place. Bake until lightly golden, fragrant and firm, about 8 minutes. Cool on a wire rack while you prepare the filling.nFor the filling: Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. In the bowl of the food processor, grind 6 tablespoons of the sugar until noticeably finer, about 1 minute youll notice a bit of sweet smoke rising up into the air from the processorthis is the sign that the sugar is breaking down. Add the yogurt, vanilla extract, orange zest, salt, eggs and cream cheese. Blend until perfectly smooth. Pour the filling into the prepared crust.nBake until the filling is set at the edges but still quite wobbly towards the center, about 30 minutes.nCool the tart on a wire rack for about 15 minutes. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill uncovered until very firm, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nRemove the ring from the tart pan and place the tart on a heatproof serving platter. Sprinkle the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar over the surface of the tart and smooth it out evenly, covering the entire surface. Use a kitchen torch to melt and caramelize the sugar, scorching a bit in spots. Let the sugar harden for a few minutes, then cut and serve., ingredients: [5 ounces lowfat honey graham crackers 9 rectangles or 1 package from a 3package box, 1 tablespoon turbinado sugar, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 tablespoons 1 12 ounces unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 9 tablespoons 4 ounces turbinado sugar, 12 cup 4 ounces 2percent Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract or vanilla bean paste, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Pinch fine sea salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, One 8ounce package fullfat cream cheese], title: Turbinado Creme Brulee Tart, picturelink: ExpS8iNIQHXKiuWjcoin09fWVfzx7K}, 33933: {instructions: Rub the inside of a fondue pot with the garlic and discard the garlic. Put the wine into the fondue pot and warm it over medium heat until hot but not boiling. Add the cheeses gradually to the wine. Reduce the heat, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the cheese has melted. Add the paprika, white pepper and cognac or kirsch, and continue stirring until the fondue is thick and creamy. Let guests dip their own bread, meat, or vegetables., ingredients: [1 large clove garlic, sliced in half, 12 cup dry white wine, 34 pound shredded Gruyere, 34 pound shredded natural unpasteurized Emmenthaler, 12 teaspoon hot paprika or more, to taste, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 2 tablespoons cognac or kirsch, Crusty French or Italian bread cut into 1inch cubes, Salami cut into 1inch chunks, Mini meatballs, Vegetables of your choice broccoli, bell peppers, and squash cut into bitesized pieces], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 33934: {instructions: In a mug combine lemon juice, ginger, honey and boiling water. Let steep at least 3 minutes. Add rum to taste., ingredients: [Juice of 12 lemon, Quarter size piece ginger, 2 teaspoons honey, or to taste, 34 cup boiling water, approximately, Dark rum, optional], title: Lemon Ginger Toddy, picturelink: null}, 33935: {instructions: In a baking dish just large enough to hold the fish, combine the goat peppers, Bahamian thyme, allspice, bay leaves, cinnamon, ginger beer, ponzu, shallots, ginger, orange juice, orange zest, and soy sauce. Stir to blend, add the snapper, and turn to coat. Allow the snapper to marinate for 20 minutes.nPrepare an outdoor grill. Season the fish with salt and pepper to taste, spray the grill with nonstick cooking spray, and grill over very high heat until grill marks form, about 5 minutes.nRotate the fish and grill for 5 minutes more. Turn the fish and grill on the second side just until done, about 5 minutes.nAlternatively, heat a grill pan over high heat and brush with 2 tablespoons of canola oil. Grill the fillets as above, rotating and turning the fish once, 15 minutes.nFillet the fish. Divide the Ginger Slaw among 4 plates and top each portion with a snapper fillet. Garnish with the Shoestring Potatoes with Thyme Salt, and serve.nPlace the cut potatoes in the water and let sit refrigerated for 1 hour or overnight. Fill a small heavy pot 13 full with the oil, and heat to 275 degrees F. Add the potatoes and fry until light tan, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the potatoes, drain, and dry. Heat the oil to 475 degrees F, add the potatoes, and fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the shoestrings and drain on paper towels. Season with the thyme salt, to taste, while hot.nIn a large bowl, combine the grape seed oil, rice vinegar, scallions, mustard, ginger, and, whisk to blend. Add the cabbage and carrots and mix to coat. Season with the salt and pepper, and allow to rest to flavor, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 goat peppers, stemmed and minced, 1 tablespoon Bahamian thyme, chopped, 1 tablespoon allspice, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 12 cups ginger beer, 1 12 cups ponzu juice may substitute mixed fresh lemon and lime juice, 4 shallots, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 2 12 pound whole yellow tail snapper, Salt and pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, Shoestring Potatoes with Thyme Salt, recipe follows, Ginger Slaw, recipe follows, 4 large baking potatoes, like russets, peeled, and cut into shoestrings 14 by 3 to 4 inches, 1 large bowl ice water, Canola oil, for deep frying, Thyme salt 4 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Bahamian thyme, 34 cup grape seed oil, 14 cup rice vinegar, 12cup scallions, green parts only, cut 18inch thick, 2 tablespoons Creole mustard may substitute Pommery, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 3 cups cabbage cut into 18inch ribbons, 1 cup shredded carrots, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Ponzu Jerk Yellow Tail Snapper with Ginger Slaw and Shoestring Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 33936: {instructions: Special equipment: squeeze bottlenPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line two standard muffin pans with 20 cupcake liners.nFor the cupcakes: Put 12 cup of the granulated sugar, the egg whites and whole egg in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and beat on mediumhigh speed for about 2 minutes. Pour into another bowl and set aside. Clean the mixing bowl. Put the remaining 1 cup sugar and the butter in the clean mixing bowl and beat on mediumhigh for about 30 seconds. Add the flour, milk, sour cream, baking powder and vanilla. Beat on medium until combined and fairly smooth. Return the egg mixture to the mixing bowl and stir just until incorporated. Using a 14cup ice cream scoop, fill each cupcake liner with batter.nBake the cupcakes until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean and the tops are light golden brown, 17 to 20 minutes. Transfer the pans to cooling racks and cool for about 10 minutes, and then transfer the cupcakes to the racks and allow to cool completely before filling and frosting.nFor the quatro leches mixture: Whisk the coconut milk, sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk and heavy cream in a mixing bowl to combine. Transfer to a squeeze bottle and refrigerate.nWhen the cupcakes are cool, make the frosting: Combine the cream, powdered sugar and vanilla in a chilled mixing bowl. Whip until mediumstiff peaks form. Be careful not to over whip. Chill briefly if not using right away.nTo assemble: Use a chopstick or fat skewer to poke 4 or 5 holes halfway through each cupcake. Squeeze some of the quatro leches mixture into each hole you can let it sink in a bit and then squeeze in some more to fill. Frost generously with the whipped cream frosting., ingredients: [1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large egg whites, 1 whole large egg, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, at cool room temperature, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup sour cream, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup coconut milk, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup evaporated milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Cuatro Leches Cupcakes, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 33937: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Dredge the sea bass in flour, shaking off excess. Then, dredge in the egg, and then Plantain Crust. Cook sea bass in an ovenproof, nonstick saute pan in 2 tablespoons of oil for about 1 minute. Turn the fish over and place in the oven until the fish is cooked through, about 8 minutes. In a separate pan mix the rice and beans and cook until just heated through. Keep warm and set aside. Heat the 12 ounces of oil in a saute pan. Slice bananas lengthwise into 18 to 14inch thick slices and fry in the oil until golden brown on both sides. Place rice and beans in center of each of 4 plates. Place fish on top of rice. Place fried banana on top of fish. Ladle mango sauce around fish and dollop smoked tomato essence in mango sauce.nPeel and grate 3 green plantains. Heat the oil in a saucepan. Lightly brown the plantains in the oil. Cook until crispy, and drain on paper towels. When cool, place in food processor and pulse until coarse.nIn a saucepan over mediumlow heat, steep the annato seeds in the oil until oil takes on a vibrant red color. Strain the annato out of the oil and return the oil to a saucepan. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the rice, salt, and pepper, and stir until the rice is coated with oil. Add the lobster stock, cover, and cook for 20 minutes. Dont open the cover until 20 minutes have passed Fluff with a fork and taste for seasoning.nSaute onions, garlic, oregano, and bacon until onions are translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the beans and chipotle peppers and stir. Add 4 cups of water and simmer for about 90 minutes, or until the beans are tender. Add more water if necessary. Add balsamic vinegar and season with salt and pepper.nPeel, pit, and puree mango in a blender or a food processor with as little water as possible. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, combine the white wine, orange juice, star anise, cardamom, shallot, and peppercorns. Cook the mixture is reduced to 14 cup. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the butter and mango puree until emulsified. Return to the heat as necessary so that the butter melts. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a stove top smoker, lay out wood chips. Cut tomatoes lengthwise, and lay, cut side up, on the wood chips. Smoke tomatoes until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Place the tomatoes in a blender and process until smooth. Slowly drizzle the oil into tomatoes while the blender is running. Add salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 8 ounce sea bass fillets, 12 cup flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Plantain crust, recipe follows, 2 cups Annato Rice, recipe follows, 2 cups Habana Black Beans, recipe follows, 2 ripe bananas, 1 cup Mango Wine Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup Smoked Tomato Essence, recipe follows, 12 ounces canola oil, 3 green plantains, 2 cups canola oil, Salt and pepper, 14ounce anatto seeds, 12 cup canola oil, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 2 cups long grain rice, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart lobster or fish stock, Pinch saffron, 1 white onion, diced, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 14 ounce dry oregano, 14 pound bacon, diced, 1 pound dry black beans, 2 chipotle peppers, 4 cups water, adding more if necessary, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 mango, 1 cup white wine, 2 oranges, juiced, 12 ounce star anise, 12 ounce cardamom, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 12 ounce black peppercorns, 12 pound butter, Salt and pepper, 1 cup wood chips, 8 plum tomatoes, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and pepper], title: Plantain Coated Sea Bass with Mango Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33938: {instructions: Special equipment: A 10 by 4 12inch tube pan, 12cup Bundt pan, or two 9 by 5inch loaf pansnPlace a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour the pan of your choice.nSift the flour and salt into a medium bowl and set aside. Whisk the whole eggs, yolks, milk, and the vanilla together in a 4cup measuring cup or bowl, and set aside. In a heavy duty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter at a medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Gradually pour in the sugar, 14 cup at a time, to cream and lighten the butter. This should take about 3 minutes. Once all the sugar is added, turn the machine off and scrape down the sides of the bowl and paddle with a rubber spatula. Continue to beat the butter mixture until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the lemon zest and beat for 30 seconds more.nTurn the machine off and scrape the sides of the bowl again to assure even incorporation of the ingredients. Turn the mixer to its lowest setting. Gradually pour in the flour, 14 cup at a time, and beat the batter for 30 seconds. Gradually add the egg mixture. It should take about a minute to pour all of it into the batter. Remove the bowl from the mixer, scrape any batter off the paddle, and finish stirring the egg mixture into the batter with a rubber spatula. Take care not to over mix the batter, but make sure that you scrape the bottom of the bowl to evenly incorporate all of the ingredients.nSpoon the batter into the prepared pan and smooth over the top with a spatula. Put the cake in the oven and reduce the temperature to 325 degrees F. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, and the top springs back when lightly pressed, about 1 hour and 30 minutes, for the tube or Bundt pans and 50 minutes to 1 hour for loaf pans.nCool the cake, in the pan, on a rack, for 10 to 15 minutes. Invert the cake onto a flat plate or cardboard. Reinvert the cake and set it right side up on the rack to cool completely. If not serving the same day, wrap in plastic wrap and store at room temperature, for 4 to 5 days or freeze for 1 month., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 8 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 large eggs yolks, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons milk, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups unsalted butter 4 sticks, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 2 34 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon lightly packed finely grated lemon zest], title: Classic Pound Cake, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 33939: {instructions: In the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the yeast, sugar, and warm water stir to blend. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes.nStir in the salt. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until most of the flour has been incorporated and the dough forms a ball. Continue to mix at the lowest speed until the dough has become a sticky ball and pulls away from the sides of the bowl about 4 to 5 minutes.nDust the counter lightly with flour. Knead the dough by hand for a minute and form into a ball. Transfer the dough to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let it sit in a warm spot for 2 hours to rise.nTo form the baguettes: Cut the dough into 4 equal pieces. Press each piece of dough into a rectangle and fold the long sides up into the middle. Roll each into a log, taking care to close the seam. Taper the ends by gently rolling it back and forth. Lay the baguettes on a sheet pan that is dusted with cornmeal and cover with a towel. Let the baguettes rise for another 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWith sharp knife, make 4 or 5 diagonal slashes across the top of each loaf. Brush the tops of the loaves with milk. Bake for 40 minutes, until the bread is golden brown. Cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups warm water, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 12 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, Cornmeal, for dusting, Milk, for brushing], title: Baked Baguettes, picturelink: null}, 33940: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except the mussels in a very large pan. You may want to tie the more pungent flavorings such as the chile pepper, cloves, and peppercorns in a piece of cheesecloth so they are easy to remove after cooking. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, scrub the mussels under running water, pulling off the beards. Discard any mussels that are broken or do not close when tapped on the counter.nStir the mussels into the hot marinade. Cover the pan and cook over high heat, stirring them once, until the mussels open, about 5 minutes. Take care not to overcook them or they will be tough. Leave them to cool in the cooking liquid.nTransfer the mussels to a bowl, with the marinade, discarding any that have not opened. Discard the chile pepper. Cover tightly and refrigerate the mussels for 24 hours, stirring occasionallythey will be plump and absorb almost all the liquid. Let them come to room temperature before serving in bowls, discarding the seasonings in the cheesecloth.nAlternative: Serve the mussels at once, while still piping hot. Discard the chile pepper, or the bag of seasonings if used, and taste the broth. If you find it too spicy, stir in some cream. Serve the mussels with plenty of bread., ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup mediumdry sherry, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 3 to 4 sprigs thyme, 3 to 4 bay leaves, 1 dried red chile pepper, 4 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 12 pounds mussels], title: Mussels in a Sherry Marinade, picturelink: null}, 33941: {instructions: For the potato latkes: Place the grated potatoes in a large bowl or other foodsafe container, fill it with water, and then strain. Repeat this rinsing process 2 or 3 times until the water runs clear, then drain the potatoes, squeezing out as much water as possible.nCombine the rinsed potatoes and grated onion in a large bowl and mix them together with your hands. Add the matzo meal and mix together, then add the chives. Finally, add the eggs and massage them into the potato mixture until thoroughly incorporated. Add the salt and pepper and mix it in with your hands.nHeat 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches so that the latkes are not crowded in the skillet, take a golf ballsize portion of the potato mixture, flatten it between the palms of your hands, and add it to the skillet. Repeat.nCook the latkes until theyre crisp and brown around the edges, about 3 minutes then flip and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, until crisp and deep golden brown all over and still tender inside. Transfer to a paper towellined plate or baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining potato mixture, adding a tablespoon or so of oil between batches.nFor the celery rootparsnip latkes: Follow the instructions for the potato version, substituting the celery root and parsnips for the potatoes and skipping the rinsing step at the beginning and substituting the parsley for the chives.nFor the butternut squash latkes: Cut the squash into chunks and pass them through the grating disk of a food processor. Then follow the instructions for the potato version, substituting the squash for the potatoes and skipping the rinsing step at the beginning and substituting the sage for the chives, and cooking the latkes slightly longer over slightly lower heat about 4 minutes on the first side and 3 minutes on the second side over mediumlow heat.nYou can reheat the latkes in a 450 degree F oven in 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and coarsely grated, 1 medium onion, grated, 1 14 cups matzo meal, 34 cup chopped fresh chives, 5 large eggs, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, such as Diamond Crystal, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 1 pound celery root, peeled and grated, 1 pound parsnips, grated, 34 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 3 to 4pound butternut squash, peeled, seeds and pith removed, 1 cup matzo meal, 12 cup chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, such as Diamond Crystal, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Latkes, picturelink: uURzV7oJhDIVphA8PtGBqMNhQaAxAKO}, 33942: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring water to a boil in an electric kettle or in the microwave. Meanwhile, place the ground coffee and salt into a French press carafe. Pour the water over the grounds. Place the plunger in the carafe, but do not press down. Brew for 4 minutes, then slowly push the plunger down. Drink immediately or hold in a thermos for up to 3 hours., ingredients: [24 fluid ounces filtered water, 12 cup freshly ground coffee, Pinch kosher salt], title: Man Coffee, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 33943: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, add the butter and melt it over mediumhigh heat. Add the bananas and saute until they begin to caramelize. Add the orange juice, sugar and salt and cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes. The bananas should be nicely browned, and the orange juice and sugar will have formed a glaze. If needed, add a tablespoon of water. Serve on a dessert plate with a tablespoon of TangySweet Cream.nIn a medium bowl, mix all the ingredients until creamy and smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 bananas, peeled and sliced in 12 crosswise and then lengthwise, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons sugar, Dash salt, TangySweet Cream, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Sauteed Bananas with Tangy Sweet Cream, picturelink: 97ftiWQ9UEtudo8eQT9XkqCYuPS5Jm}, 33944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMake the Garlic Sauce: In a medium bowl, microwave the butter on high until melted, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the garlic.nIn another medium bowl, whisk together the pizza sauce, tomato juice, garlic, and salt. Set aside.nSlice off part of the rounded side of each bread half to create a flat surface. This will allow the bread to lay flat in the oven. Cut the loaves open, lengthwise, keeping them intact like a book. Cut each loaf in half, crosswise, to make 4 sections. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet.nUsing a brush, slather the bread with the garlic sauce. Using a ladle or spoon, cover the bread with tomato sauce be sure to cover to the edges to prevent burning.nSpread about 14 of the mushrooms and mozzarella, and 12 cup about 20 slices of pepperoni across each loaf section and sprinkle with oregano.nBake until all the cheese is melted and the bread is golden brown, about 8 to10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 cups pizza sauce with basil, 1 cup tomato juice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 12 tablespoon salt, 2 loaves hearty French bread, 3 cups sliced mushrooms, 3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 2 cups sliced pepperoni about 80 slices, 1 tablespoon dried oregano], title: The Sep Pep Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 33945: {instructions: Pulse the grapes, scallions, cucumbers, garlic, parsley and avocado in a food processor until combined. Add the olive oil and white wine vinegar and pulse again until blended. Add 14 cup ice water and pulse again. Add more water if it is not at your desired consistency.nSeason the gazpacho with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Serve topped with the toasted almonds.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 cups seedless green grapes, 3 scallions, roughly chopped, 1 12 English cucumbers, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 clove garlic, 1 small bunch fresh parsley leaves only, 12 avocado, cut into chunks, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Debi and Gabrieles Green Gazpacho, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 33946: {instructions: Preheat oven for 300 degrees F.nUsing a tablespoon, clean out the gills of portobello mushrooms, leaving only the caps. Chop up the stems and place aside to be later added to the stuffing.nHeat a medium saucepan, when hot add saffron, and toast quickly for only a few seconds. Immediately add the wine, and stir gently with a wooden spoon. Let wine and saffron mixture cook for about 2 to 5 minutes or until it begins to steam.nAdd lobster meat and let simmer about 5 minutes the meat will acquire an orange tint from the saffron. Stir in bread crumbs, mushroom stems, Parmesan and pecorino Romano, until thick. Add heavy cream and mix well. Spoon stuffing into the mushroom caps and cover with a slice of mozzarella.nPlace on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil and sprayed with nonstick spray. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned., ingredients: [4 large portobello mushrooms, 5 to 10 strands saffron, 2 cups white wine, 2 cups lobster or crab meat, approximately 2 tails, 1 34 cups seasoned bread crumbs, 14 cup Parmesan and pecorino Romano, mixed, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 to 6 18inch thick mozzarella slices], title: Lobster Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 33947: {instructions: Make the creamy topping: Combine the cottage cheese, sugar, milk and vanilla in a food processor and puree until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nMake the compote: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the pears and cook until the edges brown, about 2 minutes. Add the dried cherries, orange juice, sugar and 13 cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook until syrupy, about 5 minutes set aside.nMake the waffles: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whisk the flour, oats, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, ginger and salt in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, cottage cheese, eggs, vanilla and orange zest in another bowl it will be lumpy, then whisk into the flour mixture until just combined. Whisk in the melted butter.nPreheat a waffle iron and spray with cooking spray. Ladle in some batter about 12 cup, depending on your waffle iron and cook until crisp. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven repeat with the remaining batter. Top the waffles with the creamy topping and compote.nPhotographs by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 cup 2 percent cottage cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Bosc pears, peeled and cut into small chunks, 13 cup dried cherries, Juice of 2 oranges about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup rolled oats, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch of salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 cup 2 percent cottage cheese, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Grated zest of 12 orange, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, Cooking spray], title: Waffles With PearCherry Compote, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 33948: {instructions: Heat a griddle or large frying pan on the stove. Lay 2 tortillas on the griddle and cover with grated cheese. Sprinkle pickled jalapeno and cilantro over the cheese, and top each with another tortilla. Press the tortillas down with a spatula and then flip them over. Transfer the quesadillas to a cutting board and cut them into wedges, ingredients: [6 10inch or 12 7inch flour tortillas, 1 pound Monterey Jack cheese, grated, 4 pickled jalapeno peppers, minced wearing rubber gloves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro], title: Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 33949: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan until almost smoking. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic, cumin, nutmeg, coriander and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Add the rice and coat with the oil and spices. Add the water, bring to a boil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat, cover the pot and cook for 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from heat, fluff with a fork and fold in snow peas, carrots and parsley. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 cups jasmine rice, 5 cups water, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound snow peas, blanched and shocked, 1 large carrot, julienned, 14 cup coarsely chopped parsley], title: Jasmine Rice Salad with Snap Peas, picturelink: null}, 33950: {instructions: Special equipment: 11 x 17 x 1inch baking tray, the bottom lined with parchment papernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl of an electric mixer, combine the egg yolks, 1 cup of the sugar, salt, and vanilla. Using the whisk attachment on high speed whip until thick, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce to medium speed and slowly add the hot water. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Increase to high speed and again whip until thick. Fold in the flour and then the melted butter. Set aside.nIn a clean bowl of an electric mixer using the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites on medium speed until frothy. Increase to high speed and slowly add the remaining 12 cup sugar. Whip the egg whites until stiff and then fold them into the reserved batter. Gently spread the batter in the prepared baking tray. Bake until the cake is golden brown and springs back lightly when touched, about 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan. Remove the cake from the pan by running a knife along the inside edge of the pan and inverting it onto a work surface. Carefully peel off the parchment paper.nThe genoise can be made a day or two in advance. Store wrapped in plastic wrap at room temperature. It also freezes well., ingredients: [6 large eggs, separated, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup hot water, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Vanilla Genoise, picturelink: null}, 33951: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, onion, eggs, Worcestershire sauce, dry mustard, salt and cayenne. Fold in the crabmeat and 14 cup of the cracker crumbs. Shape the mixture into 16 cakes about 1inch thick. Coat the crab cakes with the remaining cracker crumbs and transfer to a baking sheet lined with waxed paper. The crab cakes can be refrigerated overnight at this point, if needed.nIn a large skillet, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in 2 tablespoons of the oil. When the foam subsides, add half the crab cakes and cook over moderate heat until golden and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain the crab cakes on paper towels, then keep warm in a low oven. Repeat with the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and 2 tablespoons of oil and cook the remaining crab cakes. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup onion, minced, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over, 1 cup soda crackers, finely crushed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup vegetable oil, Lemon wedges], title: Mrs. Duvalls Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 33952: {instructions: Rub steak with kosher salt and let stand for 15 minutes to 1 hour.nPreheat grill over mediumhigh heat. While waiting, mix butter, rosemary and cilantro together, then portion into 4 2ounce servings. Rinse the salt from the steak. Pat the steak completely dry. Rub garlic onto both sides of the steaks. Grill each side of the steak for 5 minutes or until desired temperature. Pull off grill and add the butter topping., ingredients: [4 12ounce steaks, your choice, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic], title: Dry the Water from the Steak, picturelink: null}, 33953: {instructions: BEAT sugar and shortening in large bowl with electric mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add egg, vanilla and lemon peel, beating until well blended. Combine flour, ground hazelnuts, baking powder, salt and cinnamon in medium bowl. Add flour mixture gradually to shortening mixture at low speed until smooth. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces. Wrap each one with plastic wrap. Freeze 30 minutes.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Roll 14 of dough between 2 sheets of lightly floured wax paper to 18inch thickness. Remove top sheet of wax paper. Cut with a floured 2inch round scalloped cutter. Cut centers out of half of the cookies with a 34 to 1inch cutter. Place 2inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.nBAKE 6 to 7 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Cool 1 minute on baking sheet. Remove to cooling rack. Repeat with remaining dough. Spread about 12 teaspoon preserves on bottom side of each whole cookie. Sprinkle tops of center cutout cookies with powdered sugar. Place on top of cookies with preserves., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 1 large egg, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 1 tsp. grated lemon peel, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 cup ground hazelnuts, 12 tsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. salt, 12 tsp. cinnamon, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Grove Orange Marmalade Medley, or 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwoods Blueberry Preserves, or 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Michigan Red Tart Cherry Preserves, Powdered sugar], title: Jam and Hazelnut Cookies, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 33954: {instructions: Make the dough by hand. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt. Using your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until it resembles yellow corn meal mixed with bean sized bits of butter. If the flourbutter mixture gets warm, refrigerate it for 10 minutes before proceeding. Add the egg and stir the dough together with a fork or by hand in the bowl. If the dough is dry, sprinkle up to a tablespoon more of cold water over the mixture.nMake the dough in a food processor. With the machine fitted with the metal blade, pulse the flour, sugar, and salt until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles yellow corn meal mixed with bean size bits of butter, about 10 times. Add the egg and pulse 1 to 2 times dont let the dough form into a ball in the machine. If the dough is very dry add up to a tablespoon more of cold water. Remove the bowl from the machine, remove the blade, and bring the dough together by hand.nForm the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 1 hour.nMake the filling. Put the lemon juice in a medium bowl. Peel, halve, and core the apples. Cut each half into 4 wedges. Toss the apple with the lemon juice. Add the sugar and toss to combine evenly.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples, and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Cover, reduce heat to mediumlow, and cook until the apples soften and release most of their juices, about 7 minutes.nStrain the apples in a colander over a medium bowl to catch all the juice. Shake the colander to get as much liquid as possible. Return the juices to the skillet, and simmer over medium heat until thickened and lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, toss the apples with the reduced juice and spices. Set aside to cool completely. This filling can be made up to 2 days ahead and refrigerated or frozen for up to 6 months.nCut the dough in half. On a lightly floured surface, roll each half of dough into a disc about 11 to 12 inches wide. Layer the dough between pieces of parchment or wax paper on a baking sheet, and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes.nPlace a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the bottom of a 9inch pie pan with one of the discs of dough, and trim it so it lays about 12 inch beyond the edge of the pan. Put the apple filling in the pan and mound it slightly in the center. Brush the top edges of the dough with the egg. Place the second disc of dough over the top. Fold the top layer of dough under the edge of the bottom layer and press the edges together to form a seal. Flute the edge as desired. Brush the surface of the dough with egg and then sprinkle with sugar. Pierce the top of the dough in several places to allow steam to escape while baking. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes.nBake the pie on a baking sheet until the crust is golden, about 50 minutes. Cool on a rack before serving. The pie keeps well at room temperature covered for 24 hours, or refrigerated for up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 tablespoons cold butter, diced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 pounds baking apples like Golden Delicious, Cortland, or Mutsu, 23 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling on the pie, 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Generous pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: 5h1hQMdbjYWhxSSOyN4nGOKrUF3Om}, 33955: {instructions: Gently pound the tuna slices into 2inch by 6inch pieces. Place on plastic wrap. Toss the remaining ingredients in a bowl.nSpread about 4 tablespoons of the lobster mixture to the edges of each piece of tuna. Roll tuna like a sushi roll. Slice roll into pieces 2inch thick. Drizzle with soy vinaigrette.nWhisk all ingredients together in a small bowl.nIn a medium saucepan, toast the curry paste in the olive oil over medium heat for 1 to 3 minutes. Add remaining ingredients. Let simmer for 10 minutes.nStrain into a roasting pan and freeze.nWhen frozen, scrape granita with a fork to form ice crystals. Serve., ingredients: [6 ounces sushi quality tuna, thinly sliced, Flesh from 2 cooked lobsters, chopped, 2 sprigs cilantro, 2 tablespoons diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons roasted and chopped mushrooms, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 limes, juiced, 2 sprigs mint, chopped, 12 teaspoon wasabi, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce], title: Tuna Lobster Roll with Curry Granita, picturelink: null}, 33956: {instructions: Trim excess fat from chicken parts and cut breasts in half so that all the pieces will cook in roughly the same amount of time. Season the chicken generously with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large, ovenproof pot such as a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown chicken on all sides, about 5 minutes per side, then set aside on a plate and reserve. Add the onions and garlic and cook a couple minutes to sweat them down a little. Add the ale and deglaze the bottom of the pot. Add the tomato paste and canned tomatoes and stir well until tomato paste is dissolved. Add carrots, thyme, and plums. Return the chicken to the pot along with any reserved juices. Gently submerge the chicken pieces by nestling them into liquid this will cook them evenly without drying them out.nReturn to medium heat and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover, and continue to simmer on low for 1 12 hours until chicken is cooked through and starting to fall off the bone., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken pieces, bonein and skin on, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, medium dice, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 12ounce bottles goodquality ale, 3 ounces tomato paste about 12 small can, 1 14.5ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 pound carrots about 6 small carrots, peeled and chopped into 34 to 1inch pieces, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 ounces pitted dried plums], title: AleSimmered Chicken with Dried Plums, picturelink: Sy6PCT3eJMDfRx28ZuiHlxvL6dlk3W}, 33957: {instructions: In a bowl combine peaches, 12 cup sugar, lemon juice and peach brandy. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours or overnight, stirring occasionally. Remove peach mixture from refrigerator and drain juice into a cup. Return peaches to refrigerator.nIn a saucepan combine 34 cup sugar, heavy cream, milk and vanilla. Bring just to a boil.nIn bowl whisk egg yolks. While whisking stream in about 13 of the boiled cream mixture. While whisking cream and sugar mixture, stream in egg and cream mixture. Return to the heat and continue to heat while stirring. Mixture will thicken as it returns to a boil. Remove from heat and strain into a bowl set over ice. Add the reserved peach juice.nTransfer the mixture to an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions. After the ice cream begins to stiffen, when very close to done, add the peaches and continue to freeze until done. Variation: Use fresh raspberries, ingredients: [2 cups chopped fresh or frozen peaches, peeled if preferred, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons peach brandy, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 egg yolks], title: Peach Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 33958: {instructions: In a large bowl add bread crumbs milk and mix until well combined. Mix in eggs and 12 cup Romano cheese and mix well. Add turkey and gently combine, being careful not to overwork the meat. Season with salt and pepper. Shape into golfsize balls.nIn a large skillet heat the oil over medium high heat. When almost smoking, add meatballs and without moving or turning the meat, allow it to brown for about 3 minutes. Turn meatballs and brown other side. Continue to cook until all sides are golden brown, about 8 minutes total. Add tomato sauce and bring to a boil. Lower heat and allow meatballs to simmer for 5 minutes. Turn off heat and keep warm on stove. Be careful not to overhandle the meatballs since they are soft and fragile.nIn a large pot, bring to a boil 6 quarts of salted water. Add pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain pasta in a colander. Do not rinse pasta with water since you want to retain the pasta natural starches so that the sauce will cling to the penne.nRemove meatballs from sauce and place in serving bowl. Pour some tomato sauce over meatballs, but leave about 1 cup of sauce in skillet. Place the cooked penne into the skillet with the remaining sauce and toss well. Pour sauced pasta into a large serving bowl. Serve alongside the meatballs.nIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 510 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors. Add half the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce. If not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to six months., ingredients: [14 cup plain dried bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 34 cup grated Romano, 1 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound dried penne pasta, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Penne with Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 33959: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Add grated cheese to pie mix. Blend and add cayenne to taste. Roll out on lightly floured surface and cut in strips. The thinner you roll the dough the better. Put on cookie sheet and bake until slightly brown. Remove from oven and sprinkle with salt before removing from pan. Remove to racks and allow cooling. Store in covered container., ingredients: [1 package Pie crust mix, 1 12 cups grated extra sharp cheddar cheese, Cayenne pepper, to taste, Salt to taste], title: Cheese Straws, picturelink: null}, 33960: {instructions: Cut along the back about 14inch deep through the shell of each prawn to remove the vein. Put prawns in a shallow, nonaluminum baking dish.nIn a small bowl, whisk together citrus oil, onion, garlic, cilantro, and lemon juice. Pour over prawns, cover, and let marinate, refrigerated, 1 to 4 hours.nPreheat grill or broiler.nWhen ready to cook, thread prawns on skewers and discard marinade. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and grill or broil, turning once, until just done, 2 to 3 minutes.nShrimp can be served warm or at room temperature. They are delicious on their own or with Citrus Aioli.nCooks Note: Leaving the shells on the prawns protects them from drying out during cooking. This method works so well that I use it often when preparing shrimp or prawns for salads, pasta, pizza, and sandwiches. Simply reduce the cooking time if they will later be cooked more, for instance as part of a sauce or pizza topping. Peel shrimp after they come off the grill.n2 cloves garlicnCoarse saltn1 cup prepared mayonnaisen2 lemons, zestedn1 lemon, juicednFreshly ground black peppernUsing a mortar and pestle, or on a cutting board, finely mash the garlic cloves with a pinch of salt.nIn a bowl, mix the garlic paste with remaining ingredients and serve. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound large prawns size 16 to 20 or larger, shells on, 12 cup citrus olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 20 minutes, or metal skewers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Citrus Aioli, optional, recipe follows], title: Marinated Grilled Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: CYxxih.Xaj38M8Awqc8sIEVRhCM46j.}, 33961: {instructions: For the crispy prosciutto:nHeat a nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Put the prosciutto pieces in the pan and cook until crisp. Remove the prosciutto from the heat and reserve for the green bean and asparagus salad.nFor the warm lemon dressing:nPut 1 tablespoon olive oil in a pan over medium high heat. Add the shallots and season with salt. Saute the shallots until tender. Add the almonds, raisins, and olives, and mix to incorporate. Add the lemon juice and honey, stir to combine. Add the remaining olive oil, season with salt and pepper and remove from the heat.nFor the green bean and asparagus salad:nCut the green beans and asparagus into 1inch pieces and put in a bowl. Pour the warm lemon dressing over the green beans and asparagus. Toss to combine and garnish with the crispy prosciutto., ingredients: [8 pieces prosciutto, thinly sliced and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 shallot, diced, 14 cup sliced skinless almonds, 14 cup sultana golden raisins, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed and blanched in salted water, 1 bunch asparagus, bottoms trimmed and blanched in salted water], title: Green Bean and Asparagus Salad with Crispy Prosciutto and Warm Lemon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 33962: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the tomato sauce in a 9 by 13inch baking dish and place in the oven to heat.nIn a the bowl of a food processor mix the croutons, cheese, eggs, herbs and garlic until it forms a paste.nBrush the pounded flank steak with the olive oil and season generously with the salt and pepper. Spread the filling evenly over the meat. Roll tightly and tie with butchers twine.nIn a large saute pan heat 1 to 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil and sear all sides of the rolled meat. Remove from the pan.nAdd to the hot tomato sauce, cover with a tin foil tent so that the foil is not touching the meat. Braise for 35 minutes or, up to 3 hours., ingredients: [3 cups tomato sauce, 1 14 cups flavored croutons, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary, 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme, 1 clove garlic, 1 pound flank steak, pounded to 14inch thick, Olive oil, for brushing, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for searing], title: Braciole, picturelink: null}, 33963: {instructions: Bring two 14ounce cans coconut milk and 1 cup water to a simmer over low heat. Add 12 cup sugar and 8 ounces chopped milk chocolate and whisk to melt. Spike with coconut rum, if desired, and garnish with toasted coconut.nPhotographs by Marko MetzingerStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Cocoa Colada, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 33964: {instructions: In a champagne flute, add peach puree and top glass with chilled Prosecco., ingredients: [Prosecco, a dry Italian sparkling wine, 1 teaspoon peach puree, preferably from fresh white peaches], title: The Bellini, picturelink: null}, 33965: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, sift dry ingredients well. Add remaining ingredients except melted butter. Mix until batter is well combined using a whisk. Fold in melted butter and pour into a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes or until golden brown. Cut into 3inch squares and serve with Caramelized Pineapple.nIn a saucepan, melt butter and brown sugar. Add vanilla. Fold in diced pineapple and continue to cook until mixture has thickened., ingredients: [3 12 cups mochiko rice flour, 2 cups sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 5 eggs, 2 cups milk, 1 16ounce can coconut milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 stick 12 cup butter, melted, Caramelized Pineapples, recipe follows, 12 cup butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups fresh pineapple, diced], title: Custard Cake with Caramelized Pineapple, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 33966: {instructions: Preheat grill pan. Peel tomatoes by plunging first into boiling water until skins split, and then into ice water to make them cool enough to handle. Remove skins with your hands and cut tomatoes into chunks. Season steaks with salt and pepper on both sides. Set aside.nIn a foodprocessor bowl, combine the herbs, except chives and garlic. Pulse several times to finely chop. Add tomato chunks and vinegar, pulse to combine, then with motor running, gradually add olive oil until the mixture is combined and emulsified. Scrape mixture into a bowl, stir in chopped chives and salt to taste.nGrill steaks starting on high, to get a good char on both sides. Then reduce heat to medium and continue searing to desired doneness. Pour herb oil onto a rimmed serving platter and remove the hot steaks from the grill. Place directly onto the herb oil, moving around with tongs and then turning to coat with the oil. Garnish with additional fresh herbs and finishing salt, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large fresh tomatoes, 4 small strip steaks, about 1 12 pounds total weight, 4 small bunches assorted marketfresh herbs basil, mint, sage, cilantro, chervil, 2 large garlic cloves, 1 tsp. sherry vinegar or fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 small bunch chives finely chopped, kosher salt], title: Farmers Market Herbed Steak, picturelink: null}, 33967: {instructions: In a large pot place the roughly chopped vegetables. Pour in the water  or enough to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and skim and discard any impurities from the top. Add the remaining ingredients. Simmer, uncovered, 2 hours. Strain and store in the refrigerator up to a week or freeze., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, 1 onion, peeled, 1 leek, trimmed and washed, 2 shallots, peeled, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 celery ribs, washed, 1 carrot, trimmed and peeled, 6 corn cobs, without kernels optional, 1 parsnip, trimmed and scrubbed optional, 1 fennel bulb optional, 1 gallon water, 1 small bunch parsley, 1 small bunch fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 bay leaves, 3 whole cloves, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons salt, or to taste], title: Vegetable Stock, picturelink: null}, 33968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 2 9 by 5inch loaf pans with nonstick cooking spray and dust lightly with flour.nIn a large mixing bowl combine all of cake ingredients. Mix on medium speed until well incorporated, about 3 minutes. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the top is golden brown, about 40 to 50 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes, then remove them from the pans and cool completely on a wire rack over a sheet pan.nPut the confectioners sugar in a large bowl and slowly beat in the sparkling wine until consistency is thick but pourable. Pour the glaze over top of the cakes and allow it to drip down the sides. Let sit for 5 minutes to set before slicing and serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 16ounce box pound cake mix, 12 stick butter, softened, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 13 cup Prosecco or sparkling wine, 1 orange, juiced, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup sparkling wine], title: Prosecco Pound Cakes with Sparkling Glaze, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 33969: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large saucepan and add enough cold water to cover by 1inch. Season the water generously with salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Once at a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and transfer to a large bowl. Add the vinegar and, using a rubber spatula, toss gently to combine.nToss the potatoes with the celery, onions, mayonnaise, pickled relish, whole grain mustard, chives and parsley and taste for seasoning. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled and to let the flavors meld, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds baby red bliss potatoes, halved or quartered, Kosher salt, 14 cup white vinegar, 2 ribs celery, diced, 12 small red onion, minced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup pickled relish, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Uncle Jeffs Tater Salad, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 33970: {instructions: In a food processor puree tuna fish with anchovies, capers, lemon juice and mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt and red pepper. Fold dressing with turkey and parsley. Serve over lettuce with tomato wedges. Garnish with capers., ingredients: [3 12ounce can tuna packed in olive oil, 4 anchovies, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 14 cup each of lemon juice and mayonnaise, Salt and crushed red pepper flakes, 2 to 3 cups cubed, cooked roasted turkey, 14 cup parsley, chopped, Garnish: Boston lettuce, tomato wedges and capers], title: Turkey Tonnato Salad, picturelink: null}, 33971: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a medium saute pan, over medium heat, cook bacon until crisp. Drain over paper towels, and set aside. Over a large bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, and salt. Slowly incorporate the heavy cream just until a wet dough has formed into a ball. On a lightly floured surface, gather the dough into a ball, and kneed it gently six times. Roll out the dough to a 1  2 inch thick rectangle. Sprinkle the dough with chopped sage, crumbled bacon, and grated cheddar cheese. Roll the biscuit dough up jellyroll style rolling from the longer end of the rectangle. Using a sharp serrated knife, slice the biscuits into rounds and place in an ungreased round cake pan. Brush the tops of the biscuits with milk and bake for 15 minutes or until pale golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon double acting baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sage leaves, finely chopped, 5 bacon slices, cooked, and crumbled, 34 cup grated cheddar, Milk for brushing the tops of biscuits], title: Sage, Bacon, and Cheddar Cream Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 33972: {instructions: For the mousse, mix together the ricotta, egg yolk, and sugar, beating well. Add the lemon juice and zest and then the finely chopped watercress. Stir in the gelatin and season with salt and pepper. Whisk the egg whites until they are stiff, and fold in. Line small ramekins with plastic wrap and fill with mousse bringing the wrap over the top of the mousse. Chill until the mousse is just set. Unmold and serve., ingredients: [3 12 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon caster sugar superfine, 1 lemon, juiced, zest grated, 7 ounces watercress leaves, finely chopped, 12 sachet powdered gelatin, dissolved in 4 tablespoons water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg whites], title: Watercress Mousse, picturelink: null}, 33973: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the spinach in a strainer and squeeze out as much liquid as possible set aside.nChop the artichokes into bitesize chunks.nIn a large bowl, add the spinach, artichokes, 12 cup Parmesan, gouda, mozzarella, garlic, red pepper flakes, coriander seeds, mayonnaise, sour cream and cream cheese and mix until combined. Pour into a baking dish, top with the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan and bake until the edges are bubbly and light golden brown, about 25 minutes.nAllow the dip to cool slightly before serving with tortilla chips.nCooks Note: A quick way to thaw out spinach: microwave for 3 minutes, covered., ingredients: [8 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed, see Cooks Note, 1 12ounce bag frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup grated smoked gouda, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Smoky Spinach Artichoke Dip, picturelink: D0Q2KcYryN9a3uAyQmlCzEGvhCvIlD.}, 33974: {instructions: To make the granita, bring water and sugar to a boil, remove from the heat and allow to cool. Mix with the juice and pour into a loaf pan. Place in freezer and stir with a fork every hour or so until mixture resembles frozen slush. To make the panna cotta, scald cream and milk together with sugar. Soften the gelatin in cold water, drain well, and add to hot milk. Strain and cool. To assemble: In a tall parfait glass, layer the watermelon chunks, the cream, more chunks and finally the granita.nAsti, Michele Chiarlo, ingredients: [14 of a large watermelon, cut into chunks, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups watermelon juice, 1 quart cream, 2 cups milk, 5 tablespoons sugar, 5 gelatin sheets], title: Granita and Watermelon Parfait, picturelink: null}, 33975: {instructions: In a large saucepan, simmer squash and onion in vegetable stock until very soft.nPlace cooked squash and onion in a blender and add enough of the cooking liquid to cover by 2inches. Blend until smooth. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, to taste. Add truffle oil. Blend a moment until oil is incorporated.nRemove puree from blender into saucepot and stir in enough of the remaining liquid to achieve desired consistency.nPlace all ingredients in a stockpot and simmer 2 12 to 3 hours.nStrain and return liquid to pan. Reduce over mediumhigh heat to 4 cups., ingredients: [3 cups butternut squash, peeled and diced, 14 cup diced onion, 4 cups vegetable stock, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, 1 12 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped carrot, 1 cup chopped celery, 6 sprigs parsley, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup white wine, 5 cups water], title: Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 33976: {instructions: To prepare the swordfish, remove the skin and trim away any blemishes from the swordfish. Cut it into 2 even portions. Garnish each portion by pressing a sprig of cilantro into the meat. Generously rub the fish in the jerk mixture. Lightly oil a hot griddle or medium saute pan. Cook the fish for about 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nPeel the mango, and using the seed to guide you, slice off the meat on both sides. Slice each 12 into 3 fillets, lengthwise. Sear the mango on the griddle or pan, alongside the swordfish.nIn a small bowl, combine the pineapple, onion, chopped cilantro, jalapeno, orange juice, and lime juice. Mix all ingredients together, and season with salt, to taste.nTo plate, place the beans in the center of the plate. Arrange the mango fillets and the swordfish neatly on top. Garnish the fish with the pineapple salsa and a sprig of cilantro.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Remove the ends of the beans and slice the beans in half on the bias. Blanch the beans in the boiling water for a couple minutes. When tender, shock the beans in iced water to stop them from cooking further. Reserve the boiling water. Place the butter, chipotle, garlic cloves, and salt in a medium stainless steel bowl over the boiling water. Allow the butter to melt. Pour contents into a blender, and blend on high speed until smooth. Refrigerate.nTo plate the beans, heat 1 tablespoon of the chipotle butter in a saute pan on medium heat. Add the beans and toss in the butter. Cook until the beans are hot and the butter is slightly browned., ingredients: [1 8ounce swordfish steak, 4 sprigs fresh cilantro, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 tablespoons jerk seasoning, prepackaged, 1 mango, 12 cup ripe pineapple, diced, 1 tablespoon red onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon jalapeno, diced small, 14 cup orange juice, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt, Yellow Wax and Blue Lake Beans in Chipotle Butter, recipe follows, 5 yellow wax beans, 5 blue lake beans, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chipotle, canned in adobo sauce, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Jerk Swordfish Served with Mango Filets and Pineapple and Red Onion Salsa, picturelink: null}, 33977: {instructions: In a large pot over mediumhigh heat add olive oil. When the oil is hot add the onion, garlic, bay leaf, and ham hock cook for 5 minutes. Add the beans and stir in the cumin, chipotles, chiles, tomatoes, and cilantro season with salt and pepper. Pour in enough water to cover the beans by 1inch and bring it to a boil. Cover and cook over mediumlow heat until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Remove the bay leaf and discard pick the meat from the ham hock, discard the bone, and return the meat to the pot. Taste it and adjust the seasoning. Serve with lime wedges for garnish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 ham hock, 1 pound dried calypso beans or blackeyed peas, soaked overnight and drained, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 canned chipotle peppers in adobe sauce, 4 poblano chiles, roasted, seeded and chopped, 4 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Calypso Beans, Tomato and Poblano Stew, picturelink: null}, 33978: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, warm the milk. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Whisk the flour into the butter and cook for 2 minutes to make a roux. Whisk in the warm milk a bit at a time to avoid lumps. Cook until the sauce begins to thicken, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the pumpkin pie spice and a pinch of salt and pepper. Turn the heat to low, stir in the cheese, and let melt. Stir in the spinach and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes to heat it through. Save 1 cup for Round 2 Recipe Spinach and Cheese Souffle., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained], title: Parmesan Creamed Spinach, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 33979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the dough in half and add chocolate and vanilla to 1 half and incorporate with hands. Add egg yolk, peppermint extract, and crushed candy to other half of dough and incorporate with hands. Cover both with plastic and chill for approximately 5 minutes. Roll out doughs separately to approximately 14inch thickness. Place peppermint dough on top of chocolate and press together around the edges. Using waxed paper or flexible cutting board underneath, roll dough into log. Wrap in wax paper and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nRemove dough from the refrigerator and cut into 12inch slices. Place cookies 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat and bake for 12 to 13 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through cooking time. Remove from oven and let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes, then move to a wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice, as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week.nYield: approximately 3 dozen, 2 12inch cookiesnPrep Time: 15 minutesnCook Time: 7 to 9 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 2 hours, ingredients: [1 batch Sugar Cookies, recipe follows, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 12 cup crushed candy canes or peppermint candies, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough], title: Chocolate Peppermint Pinwheel Cookies, picturelink: SWY0JjCmPRmfQdPrKXIR6WKj.to6Ym}, 33980: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake potatoes on a tray in hot oven for 30 to 45 minutes  until knife tender. This can be done the night before or ahead of time. Cut each potato into 6 or 8 wedges depending on the size. Heat 3 inches of oil in a deep fryer. Or you can heat 3inches of oil in a deep pot. Begin by frying half the wedges at a time for 4 to 5 minutes until crispy and brown. Drain on paper towels and season with salt.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and cornstarch. Season the flour mixture with salt and fresh ground black pepper. Make a well in the center and gradually pour in the club soda and egg yolks whilst whisking. Work your way from the center out slowly combining the dry ingredients to form a smooth batter. Lightly coat the fillets of fish in seasoned flour then dip in batter and fry in 375 degree F oil. Fry for 45 minutes until crispy and golden brown. Remove and drain on paper towels, then season with salt. Serve with crispy fried parsley leaves and lemon wedges.nPrepare the tartar sauce:nIn a small mixing bowl, combine all the tartar sauce ingredients. Set aside in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes before serving, to let the flavors come together., ingredients: [6 large russet potatoes, Vegetable oil for deep frying, 2 cups flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 2 cups club soda, 2 egg yolks, 2 pounds West Coast Halibut fillets, get 1 whole side of boned and skinned fish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 4 lemons cut into wedges, for garnish, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup capers, chopped, 14 cup chopped cornichons, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, finely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: West Coast Halibut Fish and Chips with Homemade Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 33981: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saute pan and add the beet greens. Stirfry the greens over high heat and add the garlic, salt and pepper.nLower the heat and let the greens simmer in its own juices for 5 minutes before pouring the greens into a serving dish.nHeat the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat for 1 minute before adding the walnuts. Shake the nuts in the hot butter, add the honey and coat well before pouring over the beet greens., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds beet greens, well washed, stems removed, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon whole butter, 1 cup whole, shelled walnuts, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Beet Greens and Honey Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 33982: {instructions: Add to a pitcher or 1 large fish bowl, ice, lemonlime soda, limes, melon liqueur, vodka, rum, gin and Triple Sec. Stir to combine. Pour drink over ice into chilled soda glasses and garnish with a slice of lime., ingredients: [2 cups ice cubes, 3 cups lemonlime soda recommended: 7Up, 2 limes, cut into wedges, plus slices for garnish, 14 cup melon liqueur recommended: Midori, 14 cup vodka, 14 cup rum, 14 cup gin, 14 cup Triple Sec], title: Tokyo Tea, picturelink: GHVcC6UfHVenZH0rzbfCe9R0CroSLu6}, 33983: {instructions: Season and pan sear the steaks in hot canola oil. Place on oven pan to finish cooking in a preheated 375 degree F oven. Cook to your desired doneness. Remove from the oven and set aside. Using the same pan you seared the steak in, make your sauce. First remove any excess grease. Add butter and shallots and cook until tender. Carefully flame pan with Brandy then Vermouth. Follow with the mustard, cream, bay leaves, and brown sauce. Let simmer until it starts to thicken. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve over the top of the steak., ingredients: [Five 6 to 14ounce Sirloin Steaks or 4 pounds London Broil, Salt and pepper, Canola oil, to saute steaks, 12 ounce butter, 12 ounce minced shallots, Brandy, splash, Dry Vermouth, splash, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 8 ounces heavy cream, 5 bay leaves, 4 ounces brown sauce], title: Steak Diane, picturelink: null}, 33984: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the mayonnaise: In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise, garlic, and rosemary set aside.nFor the burgers: Preheat a gas or charcoal grill or place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. In a large bowl, add the ground chicken, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, and 12 of the mayonnaise mixture. Using clean hands, gently combine the ingredients and form the chicken mixture into 4 patties. Place the burgers on the grill and cook for about 7 minutes on each side. Transfer to paper towels and let rest for a few minutes.nBrush the cut side of each roll with the olive oil and 1 teaspoon of the mayonnaise mixture. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes until slightly golden.nTo assemble the burgers: Spread a dollop of the remaining mayonnaise mixture on the tops and bottoms of the toasted buns. Place the chicken burgers on the bottom halves of the buns. Top each with 14 cup of arugula and finish with the top half of the bun., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound ground chicken, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 sandwich rolls or burger buns, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup arugula, divided], title: Chicken Burgers with GarlicRosemary Mayonnaise, picturelink: XUUgqOB6PagFJeolq9muVg7P0zg9cK}, 33985: {instructions: Over medium heat in a saucepan, heat the milk with the stock and salt, stirring throughout. Continue to heat the milk mixture over medium heat, and then reduce to low heat once the milk has begun to froth or simmer.nNext, in a second saucepan, heat the butter until melted. Stir in the flour. Reduce the heat to low and stir until well incorporated. Remove from the heat when it is a pale tan color a blond roux.nOnce the roux has thickened, slowly stir into the milk mixture to blend. Continue to stir over low heat until well incorporated. Finally, remove from the heat and whisk in the cheeses. Once mixed, add the pasta, again stir well and serve., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup grated Cheddar, 4 cups cooked macaroni pasta], title: Bechamel Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 33986: {instructions: Pound the escalopes between 2 pieces of plastic wrap until very thin. Season with salt and pepper, and set aside. Melt the butter in a saute pan and gently fry the onion. Meanwhile, combine the ground pork, bread crumbs, parsley, and sage in a bowl and when the onion is soft, add it. Season the mixture well with salt and pepper. Fry a tiny piece of the mixture and taste to check the seasonings. Adjust as necessary. Divide the mixture among the escalopes. Wrap them into bundles and tie each one with 3 strings to secure. Wrap the bundles in plastic wrap and twist to shape into rounds, then remove the plastic.nFry the lardons, and remove to a plate, leaving the fat behind. Now brown the turkey bundles well on all sides. Deglaze the pan with the Cognac and reduce to about 1 tablespoon. Add the stock, cooked bacon, and blanched Brussels sprouts. Cover, and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Add the chestnuts, turning the paupiettes over as you do so, and continue cooking, 5 to 7 minutes. Stick a metal skewer in and touch it to your lip to make sure the centre is completely cooked. The skewer should be very hot. Cooks Note: Serve with a squash or pumpkin puree., ingredients: [6 turkey escalopes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter or pork or duck fat, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 5 ounces140 g ground pork or turkey leg, 3 heaping tablespoons fresh bread crumbs, Generous handful chopped fresh parsley, 6 large fresh sage leaves, shredded, 4 slices bacon, cut into lardons, 14 cup60 ml Cognac or Madeira, 1 cup250 ml chicken stock, 1 pound450 g Brussels sprouts, blanched, 8 ounces225 g cooked chestnuts, Serving suggestion: Serve with squash or pumpkin puree.], title: Turkey Paupiettes with Chestnuts and Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 33987: {instructions: For the stuffing: In a pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to warm. Then reduce the heat and add the andouille and garlic, warming for 2 minutes, stirring throughout. Once warmed, add the stock, herbs, ginger powder and salt and pepper to taste, and again warm for 2 minutes. Once heated, remove and add to the cornbread and fold all the ingredients together. Allow to sit or rest for 20 minutes before stuffing the quail. This will allow all ingredients to bloom together, creating the stuffing.nFor the red eye gravy: In a small saucepan, warm the butter until melted, and then add the onions and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Once the onions are cooked, add the tasso and allow the onions and tasso to blend for 2 minutes. Next, add the coffee and allow the liquid to reduce by half in volume. Once the coffee has reduced, add the stock and parsley, reduce the heat to mediumlow and allow to simmer for 10 to 12 minutes. Once finished, hold warm until serving.nFor the quail: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To stuff and cook the quail, portion the stuffing into 4 portions and then fill each quail cavity. Once stuffed, rub the exterior of the birds with the butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Then bake for 16 to 18 minutes or fry in in preheated 375 degree oil for 4 minutes, ensuring the stuffing is warmed above 165 degrees. Once cooked, remove from the oven and rest the quail while plating the remainder of ingredients.nTo plate, portion quarter of the potatoes to the center of a plate, then add Brussels to the side of the potatoes, then top the potatoes with a quail and finish with the prepared sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup diced andouille, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon ginger powder, Salt and ground pepper, 2 cups crushed or pureed cornbread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup minced red onion, 14 cup diced tasso ham, 14 cup coffee, 12 cup veal stock, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 4 whole quail, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, Salt and ground pepper, 2 cups mashed potatoes, for serving, 24 halved braised Brussels sprouts, for serving], title: Andouille Cornbread Stuffed Quail, Red Eye Gravy, picturelink: Gv.CdMqE02Dp8yqHK5BlGxo3abz8EDe}, 33988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour a 9 by 13inch cake pan.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt into a large bowl.nSeparate the eggs. Beat the egg yolks with 34 cup of the sugar on high speed until the yolks are pale yellow. Stir in the milk and vanilla. Pour the egg yolk mixture over the flour mixture and stir very gently until combined.nBeat the egg whites on high speed until soft peaks form. With the mixer on, pour in the remaining 14 cup sugar and beat until the egg whites are stiff but not dry. Fold the egg white mixture into the batter very gently until just combined. Spoon into the prepared pan and spread to even out the surface.nBake until the cake is done, 35 to 40 minutes. Allow to cool in the pan, and then turn out upside down onto a rimmed platter.nFor the tres leches: Combine the heavy cream, evaporated milk and condensed milk in a small pitcher. Pierce the surface of the cake with a fork several times. Drizzle the milk mixture over the top and allow the cake to sit and absorb the milk mixture. Dont worry about totally soaking the cake Thats what you want.nFor the icing: Whip the cream with the sugar. Spread it evenly over the top and sides of the soaked cake and decorate with maraschino cherries.nRefrigerate until ready to serve. Several hours is fine. The cooler the cake, the better, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 5 large eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup heavy cream, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 pint heavy cream, for whipping, 3 tablespoons sugar, Maraschino cherries, to decorate], title: Tres Leche Cake, picturelink: pcrlTNfkRVc4TpPahGsoJksPItFswc6}, 33989: {instructions: Toast almonds in a small skillet until golden. Set aside.nBring 2 34 cups chicken stock, the zest of 1 lemon, thyme sprigs and a tablespoon of butter to a boil in a medium pot with a tight fitting lid. Add rice to water, stir. Return the water to a boil then reduce heat to simmer and cove the pot. Cook 18 minutes or until tender, remove from heat. Remove the thyme sprigs, the leaves will have fallen off in the rice.nWhile the rice cooks, season chicken with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Dredge chicken in about half cup of flour then discard the rest. Heat a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and 1 tablespoon butter to the large skillet. To the hot butter and oil, add the cutlets and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove the meat to a large platter and cover with foil to keep warm.nBring an inch or 2 of water to a simmer in a shallow pan and season with salt. Add asparagus and cook 4 minutes until just tender but green. Remove and add to chicken platter to keep warm.nReturn chicken skillet to the heat and add 2 tablespoons butter. Melt butter, add the mushrooms and saute for a couple of minutes. Whisk in 2 rounded tablespoons flour. Cook the flour 1 minute then whisk in 13 cup white wine, a couple of glugs. Cook off wine, 30 seconds, then whisk in 1 14 cups of chicken stock remainder of the quart then the halfandhalf. When sauce bubbles, stir in mustard and tarragon and let sauce simmer and thicken 2 to 3 minutes.nStir scallions into rice and fluff with fork. Make a bed of rice on each dinner plate. Top with a serving of steamed asparagus then 2 cutlets of chicken. Cover the chicken with the tarragon sauce, allowing the gravy to spill over edges into asparagus and rice. Sprinkle the plates with toasted nuts. Wow Can you believe you made this, ingredients: [13 cup sliced almonds, a couple of handfuls, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 lemon, zested, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 12 cups white rice, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds chicken breast cutlets, 8 cutlets, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 13 palm full, 2 tablespoons plus about 12 cup allpurpose flour, divided, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of pan, 1 13 pounds, a large bunch, asparagus spears, trimmed of tough ends, 6 or 7 large button mushrooms, sliced, 13 cup halfandhalf, 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons, a couple sprigs, fresh tarragon, leaves chopped, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Deluxe, Divine Chicken Divan, picturelink: null}, 33990: {instructions: Cook asparagus in 12inch lightly salted boiling water in large skillet for 5 to 7 minutes or until tender. Drain and cool the asparagus in an icewater bath. When cooled, drain and place on serving dish. Cover and refrigerate.nBring chicken broth to boiling in a small saucepan. Turn off the heat add the saffron and tarragon. Cover and let stand for 4 minutes. Pour into a mediumsize bowl to cool. Add orange zest, orange juice, salt and mayonnaise. Whisk together and refrigerate the sauce, covered, for 2 hours. The sauce can be made a day ahead.nTo serve, pour the sauce over the asparagus., ingredients: [2 pounds asparagus, tough ends trimmed and stems peeled, 14 cup chicken broth, 5 threads saffron, 18 teaspoon dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup lowfat mayonnaise], title: Asparagus with OrangeSaffron Sauce, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 33991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the pasta and set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, garlic, 12 teaspoon of salt, and 12 teaspoon of pepper. Cook, stirring frequently until the shrimp turn pink and is cooked through, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp and set aside.nAdd the tomatoes, 14 cup basil, 14 cup parsley, and the red pepper flakes. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the wine, clam juice, and heavy cream. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 7 to 8 minutes until the sauce thickens. Add 14 cup of the Parmesan, the cooked shrimp, the cooked pasta, and the remaining herbs. Toss together until all ingredients are coated. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTransfer the pasta to a large serving bowl. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 1 15ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, roughly chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup white wine, 13 cup clam juice, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Penne with Shrimp and Herbed Cream Sauce, picturelink: nV8GlvhY1s7wkqVgjcq4i5ZlnIIQ2}, 33992: {instructions: Arrange bread on baking sheet.nCombine Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise with barbecue sauce. Spread 12 of the mayonnaise mixture on bread. Toss turkey with remaining mixture. Arrange turkey on bread, then top with bacon and cheese.nBroil 1 minute or until cheese is melted.nTip: To add sauteed mushrooms, melt 1 tablespoon I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread in 12inch nonstick skillet and cook 1 package 10 oz. sliced mushrooms, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes or until golden. Season with salt and pepper to taste, then add to sandwiches before adding bacon and cheese., ingredients: [4 slices rustic Italian bread, lightly toasted, 14 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 2 cups sliced deli turkey breast or leftover turkey, 6 slices crispcooked bacon, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese about 4 oz.], title: BBQ Turkey Sandwiches, picturelink: GlxvE9PacOsZTxsfajZdi1uWQ7Mai}, 33993: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nScore the skin of the duck breast with a knife in 2 directions, crossing over each other makes a crosshatch. Season both sides of each duck breast with salt and pepper.nIn a large nonstick skillet, over mediumhigh heat, place the duck breasts skin side down. Sear the breasts until the skin is golden brown about 10 minutes, flip and sear the other side for just 3 minutes. Place the seared duck breasts in a baking dish skin side up, and put them in oven. Bake for 12 minutes. Remove the duck breasts from the oven and allow them to rest for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour off most excess fat from skillet, and place it back on the stovetop over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute until translucent. Pour in the port wine and orange juice, and scrape up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Add the orange zest and chopped cherries and bring to a boil. Simmer for about 5 minutes to reduce the mixture and thicken, mashing the cherries with the back of a wooden spoon to extract flavor as they cook.nSlice the breasts into 14inch slices on a diagonal. Pour the cherry port sauce over the top and enjoynCooks Note: excess duck fat can be refrigerated and is great for cooking potatoes or eggs., ingredients: [4 boneless duck breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large or 2 small shallots, minced, 14 cup ruby port wine, 13 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, plus 1 teaspoon orange zest, 12 cup pitted frozen black cherries, thawed and roughly chopped], title: Duck Breasts with Citrus Port Cherry Sauce, picturelink: rMGPnLGGNYRePeLc6LwfPaRkdCA5SvO}, 33994: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the onions, mushrooms and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the onions and mushrooms are soft and thick almost like a paste, about 6 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce and remove from the heat. Let cool.nPut the drained beans, chickpea flour, onionmushroom mixture and 1 tablespoon oil in a food processor and pulse until the beans are finely chopped and hold together when squeezed, but not a smooth paste. Add the sage, thyme, maple syrup, rosemary, nutmeg, red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and pulse until combined.nDivide the bean mixture into 12 even portions. Roll each out into a cylinder about 4 inches long, then roll up tightly in plastic wrap and twist the ends to secure.nSet up a steamer and arrange the rolled up sausages in it you may have to do this in batches. Heat the steamer over medium heat and once steaming, cover and steam until the sausages have plumped up, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat, uncover and refrigerate the steamed sausages until firm, about 2 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Unwrap the sausages and heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausages and cook, turning them as needed, until browned and crisp all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until heated all the way through, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for cooking, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 8 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, Two 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup chickpea flour, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 teaspoons pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Pinch red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: wholegrain avocado toast, sliced tomato and fried polenta rounds with maple syrup], title: Vegan Pinto Bean Breakfast Sausage, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 33995: {}, 33996: {instructions: For the coleslaw: Combine the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar and celery seed in a large bowl and mix well. Stir in the coleslaw mix and season with salt and pepper. Let the coleslaw sit in the fridge until ready to serve.nFor the Russian dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, ketchup, relish and sour cream in a small bowl. Mix well and season with salt and pepper.nFor the hot dogs: Heat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nSpread the mustard over each hot dog and wrap each dog diagonally in a slice of pastrami. Grill the hot dogs for 4 minutes on each side. Place each dog in a warm bun and top with the coleslaw and dressing., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon celery seed, 2 cups coleslaw mix, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon sweet relish, 1 teaspoon sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 4 kosher beef hot dogs, 4 thin slices pastrami, 4 hot dog buns, warmed], title: New York Deli Dogs, picturelink: UfmHVZTTJPzbrDLfOZWyZQ3.OUf95KO}, 33997: {instructions: Heat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat until hot brush the grates with the oil. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, Parmesan, sour cream, lemon juice, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large mixing bowl.nSeason the steak generously with salt and pepper. Grill the steak, turning once, 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes, then cut into 12inch slices.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions. Drain and rinse under cold water to cool add to the mixing bowl.nAdd the steak, carrots, celery and onion to the mixing bowl and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with more Parmesan and black pepper., ingredients: [Olive oil, for the grill grates, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon finely grated garlic, 8 ounces skirt steak about 12 inch thick, 8 ounces penne or cavatelli, 1 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup thinly sliced celery, 14 cup finely chopped red onion], title: Creamy Parmesan Steak Pasta Salad, picturelink: 1wSZ5vPUWYU309vlm.7cabXtsBO.6j.}, 33998: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta.nHeat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a medium saucepot, and saute garlic and onion until the onions become translucent, being careful not to burn them. Add crushed tomatoes, fresh parsley, marjoram and thyme. Create a slurry by gradually whisking cornstarch into 12 cup water. Add the slurry to the sauce to thicken and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer about 20 minutes, checking periodically to make sure the sauce doesnt burn.nWhile the sauce is cooking, boil the penne until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain through a colander and set aside.nRemove the sauce from the heat, and whisk in butter and cream cheese. Add the boiled pasta to the sauce and gently fold in along with the diced tomatoes. Transfer to serving dish and garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium to large white onion, diced, 1 29 to 32ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, plus about 12 small sprigs to garnish, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, or 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh marjoram, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, or 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce package penne pasta, 12 stick 2 ounces, or 14 cup butter, cut into chunks, 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into chunks, 1 large ripe tomato, diced], title: Cheesy Penne, picturelink: null}, 33999: {instructions: Heat the olive oil, on medium high heat, in a nonstick pan, add the sausage and saute quickly to render juices. Add the chopped onions and cook until translucent. Once the onions are cooked, add garlic, oregano and tomatoes and cook slowly for 5 minutes. Add the beaten eggs to the pan, and toss in scallions and begin folding together slowly with a rubber spatula. When well blended, season with salt and pepper and serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound Loukanika sausage, large diced, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, Fresh oregano, to taste, chopped, 12 pound plum tomatoes, chopped, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons scallions, chopped, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste], title: Loukanika Sausage with Eggs and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 34000: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a food processor and pulse 3 times to just chop up the cucumber. The raita should be nice and creamy from the yogurt but still have texture from the cucumber., ingredients: [2 cups of plain unsweetened natural yogurt, juice of 1 lemon, 1 English cucumber, roughly chopped, 12 red chile, deseeded and roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 turns freshly ground black pepper], title: Cucumber Raita, picturelink: avbaHwjvdhBTg5JgQyM3gx7H7uvn1ti}, 34001: {instructions: Place rack in the middle of oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 12 muffin cups with cupcake papers.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt, and set aside. Using a mixer, cream the butter and 34 cup sugar until pale yellow, about 1 minute. Add the egg and stir until just combined. Gently add half of the flour mixture and stir until just incorporated. Mix in the milk. Add the remaining flour mixture and stir until combined. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix together the cream cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar, and vanilla. Stir in the chocolate chips and walnuts.nFill prepared cupcake liners with enough chocolate batter to just cover the bottom. Add a dollop of the cream cheese filling to each, then top with remaining batter cream cheese filling should not be visible.nBake for 20 minutes. Let cupcakes stand in the pan for 3 minutes and then remove and allow to cool completely on a rack.nDip each cupcake into the ganache, forming an even layer of frosting. Place in the refrigerator to set, about 15 minutes.nPlace a heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water, and whisk together the chocolate, cream, and espresso powder if using. Continue whisking until chocolate is melted and the mixture is thick, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes.nYield: 1 cupnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 4 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 5 minutes, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 egg, at room temperature, 23 cup milk, at room temperature, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons mini semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts, Ganache frosting, recipe follows, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon instant espresso powder, optional], title: Chocolate Cheesecake Cupcakes with Ganache Frosting, picturelink: QoRWO28VYzwxO6J7FsRiB4UKcYeIhTe}, 34002: {instructions: If using a tajine: Mix the oil, herbs, spices, salt, 2 cloves the garlic, and water in a bowl. Rub the lamb with 12 of the oil mixture. Place the lamb mixture in the bottom of the tajine. Top with onions and remaining garlic. Surround the lamb with the artichokes, then cover the lamb and artichokes with the rest of the oil mixture. Close the tajine with the conical top, then cook on the stovetop at medium heat for 1 12 to 2 hours. Uncover the tajine, garnish with olives, lemon juice, and slices of the preserved lemon.nIf cooking in a pot: Use the heaviest pot available. Preheat slowly over stove at medium heat. Add the olive oil, braise the lamb in oil until slightly brown, and then add the onion and garlic. Stir well for few minutes.nAdd the herbs, spices, and water. Season, to taste. Cook for 10 minutes. Put in the artichokes and the olives. Continue cooking for another 35 minutes. Remove the artichokes, turn the fire to low, and simmer the sauce for 15 minutes. Serve on a large platter. Place lamb in center, then garnish with artichokes then olives. Top with remaining sauce. Follow with lemon juice and preserved lemon. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 4 bay leaves, 3 stems marjoram, 1 tablespoon cumin, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 generous pinch saffron, Salt, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, plus 2 more, thinly sliced, 3 cups water, 2 pounds lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut in 4 by 4 inch chunks with bone removed, 1 large red onion, sliced, 12 very small wild artichokes, inedible portions removed, 20 Spanish green olives, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 preserved lemon], title: Wild Artichoke Tajine, picturelink: null}, 34003: {instructions: For Soup:nIn a medium pot, over medium heat, add the canola oil. Stir in the onions and celery, and saute until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste, and saute an additional 2 minutes. Stir in the crushed tomatoes and vegetable broth. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook, covered for 30 minutes. Remove 2 cups of soup and reserve it for Round 2 Recipe Chicken Cacciatore. Add the remaining soup to a blender and puree until smooth. Return the puree to the pot and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve hot with grilled cheese sandwich.nFor Grilled Cheese Sandwich:nHeat a large grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Butter 1 side of each slice of bread. Lay half of the bread, butter side down, in the pan. Put a slice of American cheese on each piece of bread, then sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the Cheddar on top of each piece. Add another slice of American cheese on top of the Cheddar and finally cover with the remaining bread slices, butter side up. Grill until golden brown on both sides and the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes a side. Cut into triangles and serve with tomato soup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 14.5ounce cans vegetable broth, 8 slices wholewheat bread, 4 tablespoons butter, 8 deli slices American cheese, 12 cup grated Cheddar, divided], title: Grilled Cheese with Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 34004: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F line a baking sheet with foil. Cut the hens in half with kitchen shears, cutting along one side of the breastbone season with the coriander, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the hens skinside down cook until golden, 4 minutes. Flip cook until slightly golden, 2 more minutes. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet skinside up. Bake until cooked through, 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the broth, thyme sprigs and orange zest and juice to the skillet. Bring to a boil, stirring. Reduce the heat to low cook until thickened, 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the orzo, shallot and chopped thyme. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the orzo is lightly toasted, 5 minutes. Add 2 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the orzo is al dente, 12 minutes. Fluff the orzo stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the carrots and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the hens and the reduced sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 Cornish game hens about 1 12 pounds each, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 thyme sprigs, plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves, 4 wide strips orange zest removed with a vegetable peeler, 1 cup fresh orange juice from about 3 oranges, 1 cup orzo, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup shredded carrots, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Roasted Hens a LOrange, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 34005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace only the egg white in a shaker with no ice and shake vigorously. This is known as the dry shake method it froths the egg white to give the cocktail more body and better foam. Next, add the bourbon, maple syrup, caramel and pumpkin and shake vigorously with ice.nStrain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with cinnamon, nutmeg, a dash of salt and orange zest., ingredients: [34 ounce egg white about 1, 2 ounces bourbon, 34 ounce maple syrup, 1 bar spoon prepared caramel, 1 bar spoon pumpkin puree the canned stuff used for pumpkin pie, Ground cinnamon, for garnish, Grated nutmeg, for garnish, Dash salt, for garnish, Orange zest, for garnish], title: Pumpkin Flip, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 34006: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nPut the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment and beat slowly until it is smooth and creamy. Add the brown sugar and salt, and cream at moderate speed until the mixture is light and fluffy, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition before adding the next. Mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl to insure even mixing, about 5 minutes.nSift together the cake flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon in a medium bowl and set aside. Mix together the milk, sweet potatoes, orange juice and vanilla in a separate bowl. Add onequarter of the flour mixture to the butter and egg mixture and beat just until blended in. Add onethird of the milk mixture and beat just until blended in. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, alternating the flour with the milk, until all the ingredients are used. Scrape down the sides of the bowl occasionally for even mixing.nToss the blueberries together with the raw sugar in a small bowl.nScoop up the batter into the cupcake liners and lay 2 to 3 sugared blueberries on each cupcake. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 22 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the blueberry filling: Put the blueberries, cornstarch, granulated sugar, raw sugar, cinnamon, orange zest and 2 tablespoons water into a saucepan and set over medium heat. Bring to a boil and simmer until reduced to a jamlike consistency, about 10 minutes.nFor the chantilly cream: Using an electric mixer, whip the cream on high in a cold bowl add the confectioners sugar and vanilla bean seeds and whip until fluffy.nUse a corer to remove the center of each cupcake and insert some blueberry filling. Cover each cupcake with the chantilly cream., ingredients: [23 cup 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups packed brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 34 cup milk, at room temperature, 12 cup pureed sweet potatoes, 14 cup orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, About 36 frozen blueberries, 2 tablespoons raw sugar, 2 cups frozen blueberries, 2 tablespoons sifted cornstarch, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon raw sugar, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 orange, zested, 4 cups heavy whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 vanilla beans, split and seeds scraped out], title: Sweet Potato Blueberry Pie Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 34007: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread the pecans on a rimmed baking pan and bake until lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Cool completely.nButter a 9by13inch baking pan, then line it with parchment paper, leaving a 2inch overhang on 2 sides butter the parchment and sides of the pan.nTo make the shortbread crust: Pulse the pecans in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the flour and mix on low speed to combine. Add the granulated sugar, salt and butter and mix on medium speed until the dough comes together, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Remove 2 cups of the dough and reserve. Turn the remaining dough out into the prepared baking pan and press evenly into the bottom of the pan. Dock the dough all over with a fork.nBake until light golden brown, about 20 minutes. Set on a cooling rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes. Keep the oven on.nFor the filling: Put 14 cup of the pomegranate juice in a small bowl and stir in the cornstarch set aside. Combine the cranberries, granulated sugar, orange zest and remaining 34 cup pomegranate juice in a medium saucepan. Bring to a brisk simmer over mediumhigh heat and simmer, lightly mashing the cranberries, until some of the liquid has reduced and the cranberries are just starting to soften, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the cornstarch mixture and simmer until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour into a bowl and submerge the bowl into a larger bowl of ice water to cool, about 10 minutes.nPour the cooled filling over the crust and spread it evenly. Crumble the reserved dough evenly over the top, then bake until the filling is bubbling and the crumbs are golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool completely in the pan, about 30 minutes.nDust generously with confectioners sugar and cinnamon. Remove from the pan, trim the edges if desired and cut into squares., ingredients: [2 cups pecans, 4 sticks 2 cups unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 pound fresh or thawed frozen cranberries, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Ground cinnamon, for dusting], title: Cranberry Pomegranate Crumb Bars, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 34008: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil over medium heat in a 10inch saute pan. Add the onions and fennel and saute for 7 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add the garlic and cook for one more minute. Stir in the vinegar, tomatoes, figs, and brown sugar, stirring to coat everything with the tomatoes. Stir in the capers, olives, orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, until thickened. Stir in the orange juice and parsley. Taste for seasonings the caponata should be very highly seasoned. Serve the caponata warm or at room temperature with slices of grilled bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 cups 12inchdiced red onion, 2 cups 12inchdiced fennel 1 large, 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 13 cup good sherry vinegar, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes in puree, such as Redpack, 8 dried Calimyrna figs, stems removed and 14inchdiced, 2 12 tablespoons light brown sugar, lightly packed, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 12 cup green olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, such as Cerignola, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, Grilled bread for serving], title: Fig and Fennel Caponata, picturelink: XQT0myPqCe0plo5HFP4EwVcqvnhTwu6}, 34009: {instructions: Serve cheese or fruit filled ones with sour cream or jam. Serve savory ones according to what it goes with them. Like some sour cream and chopped cilantro for the meat filled one. Serve with a light fresh tomato vinaigrette for the cheese and herb ones or serve these alongside a steamed green vegetable., ingredients: [], title: Finishing Touches, picturelink: null}, 34010: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F.nLightly butter 2 baking sheets, set aside. In a small saucepan, combine butter and sugar over medium heat. Cook stirring until butter is melted. Add 2 tablespoons of the herbs.nCut unpeeled squash crosswise into 34inchthick slices. Lay slices on a cutting board. Using a round cookie cutter slightly larger than the seed center, cut the seeds from each ring and discard. Place squash rings on prepared baking sheet.nBrush squash with butter mixture. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake for 15 minutes. Turn rings over, brush with butter mixture and season with salt and pepper. Bake until sugar caramelizes and squash is tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 15 minutes more. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons herbs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, plus more for pans, 13 cup packed darkbrown sugar, 14 cup chopped herbs sage, parsley, and rosemary, 3 small acorn squash about 1 12 pounds each, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Acorn Squash Rings, picturelink: null}, 34011: {instructions: First make the pesto:nIn a sturdy and large plastic cup put a large handful of fresh basil leaves, 1 clove of garlic, a 14 cup of roasted almonds, 14 cup of shredded Parmesan, a drizzle of olive oil, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Use an immersion blender to blend it all together, until smooth and bright green. Reserve.nFor the chicken:nMix together the paprika, pepper, and cumin in a bowl with a teaspoon of salt. Dust the chicken breasts with the spice mixture and rub in. Grill on a medium hot grill, turning occasionally until chicken is just cooked through. Depending on how thick the breasts are, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from grill and let rest. Cut the chicken into 12inch slices and set aside. Lay a tortilla over low heat on the grill and spread a thin layer of pesto over it. Lay the strips of chicken over the tortilla and sprinkle with Parmesan, cover with another tortilla. Cook until you get color on the bottom and carefully flip it over to cook the other side. Once it is done, remove from heat and let rest for 1 minute. Cut the tortilla like a pizza and serve., ingredients: [Fresh basil leaves, 1 clove garlic, Roasted almonds, Parmesan cheese, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 boneless skinless chicken breast, 1 flour tortilla], title: Gordon and Garys Pesto Chicken Quesadillas, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 34012: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the leeks, celery and carrot and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables have softened but not browned, about 10 minutes.nAdd the ginger, garlic, thyme, curry powder and potato. Cook, stirring, until the potato is coated in the spices, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 2 cups water and the sugar and bring to a boil. Add the corn, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes. Add the heavy cream and continue cooking until warmed through, about 5 more minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nWorking in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth return to the pot. Season with salt. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a saucepan and reheat if needed. Serve with toppings.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, thinly sliced and well rinsed, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons Madrasstyle curry powder, 1 large russet potato, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 16ounce bag frozen corn kernels, 1 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt, Assorted toppings:, Creme Fraiche, Cilantro, Lump crabmeat, Brown butter, Fried sliced garlic], title: Curried Corn Soup with Ginger, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 34013: {instructions: Crumble and cook sausage in large skillet over medium heat until browned. Stir in flour until dissolved. Gradually stir in milk. Cook gravy until thick and bubbly. Season with salt and pepper. Serve hot over biscuits. Refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [1 lb. Bob Evans Original Recipe Sausage Roll, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Salt and black pepper to taste, 8 prepared biscuits], title: Sausage Gravy, picturelink: 1td.b956gkGZJUM.f.H9EIbZeQYTR.}, 34014: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Marinate lamb for several hours in the olive oil, rosemary and garlic. Heat an ovenproof saute pan over medium high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil from the marinade. Sear the meat on all sides. Cook until just shy of medium rare with an internal temperature of 107 degrees F.nTo make the sauce, add shallots to a small pot over medium heat with the white truffle oil. Stir until shallots begin to brown. Add tomato juice and reduce by half. Add lamb stock and reduce by 12. Lamb stock: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Put trimmings and meat in a shallow roasting pan and roast for 30 minutes, or until browned. Bring water to a boil over high heat. Add the trimmings and meat to the water and reduce heat to medium. When the water comes back to a boil, skim frequently until the scum stops rising, then add the remaining ingredients and simmer, uncovered for at least 6 hours. Add additional water if the stock falls below the level of the ingredients. Strain and discard the solids. Let the stock cool to room temperature then refrigerate. Remove and discard the congealed fat layer from the top. Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. To keep longer, bring to a boil every 3 days. Polenta: Place the pine nuts on a sheet pan and roast in a 350 degree oven until brown. Remove from pan and roughly chop in a food processor and set aside. Bring the milk to a boil in a small pot. Add the polenta to the milk stirring constantly. Add the pine nuts and season with salt ands pepper. Pour polenta into a 2inch half pan and cool. When cool use a 3inch circular cutter to portion the polenta., ingredients: [1 pound boneless lamb loin, trimmed and cleaned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 sprig rosemary, chopped, 10 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt and fresh ground Frenchstyle peppercorns, 3 cups baby arugula, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Polenta, recipe follows, 1 shallot, diced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 4 cups tomato juice, 4 cups lamb stock, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons white truffle oil, 3 pounds lamb trimmings bones, skin, fat, meat, etc., 4 quarts water, 1 onion, halved, 1 carrot, peeled and halved, 2 celery stalks, including leaves, cut into sections, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 3 fresh parsley sprigs, 6 black peppercorns, 1 cup pine nuts, 6 cups plus 1 teaspoon milk, 12 pound polenta, Salt and pepper], title: Pepper Crusted Lamb Loin, Baby Arugula, Roasted Pine Nut Polenta and White Truffle Tomato Demi, picturelink: null}, 34015: {instructions: Heat a high sided skillet over medium high heat. Add the extravirgin olive oil and bacon and crisp bacon. Strip kale from stems while bacon crisps up. Coarsely chop kale and add to the pan to wilt.. Season greens with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Scatter in cranberries and stir in stock. Simmer greens 10 minutes over medium low heat to plump cranberries and sweeten greens., ingredients: [12 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices hickory or applewood smoked bacon, chopped, 1 12 pounds kale, washed and dried in clean kitchen towels, Salt and pepper, A little freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, A handful dried sweetened cranberries, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Smoky Greens with Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 34016: {instructions: For the crisp meringues: The egg whites perform best at room temperature. Place the egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of an electric mixer with whisk attachment. Whip the egg whites until frothy, then continue to beat while slowly adding all of the bakers sugar over the course of 1 minute. Add the salt, vanilla bean scrapings and whip until incorporated.nFill a pastry bag fitted with a plain tip with the meringue and pipe into 8 2inch filledin discs on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake at 200 degrees F degree oven for 1 hour and turn oven off, leaving the meringue disks in the oven overnight to dry out.nFor the soft Italian meringue: Combine the bakers sugar and water in a small saucepan. Bring the sugar syrup to a boil. When the sugar syrup starts to boil, begin whipping the egg whites in an electric mixer. When the syrup reaches 222 degrees F on a sugar thermometer, remove the mixture from the heat and slowly pour into the egg whites. Continue to whip until stiff peaks form.nTo assemble: Heat the broiler. Scoop 1 to 2 ounces of your favorite sorbet or ice cream on a disk of crisp meringue. Using a small spatula or the back of a spoon, smooth some of the soft meringue around the sorbet or ice cream to completely cover it. Repeat for all 8 meringue disks. Lightly brown the meringue by putting under broiler for approximately 1 minute or using a small chefs blowtorch. Serve immediately or return to the freezer to serve later. Can be assembled and frozen for 2 to 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 egg white, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup bakers sugar recommended: C and H Pure Cane Bakers Sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, 12 cup cane bakers sugar recommended: C and H Pure Cane Bakers Sugar, 14 cup water, 2 egg whites, at room temperature], title: Tip of Alaska, picturelink: null}, 34017: {instructions: For the quinoa: Thoroughly rinse the dry quinoa in a fine mesh colander. Combine the rinsed quinoa with 2 cups filtered water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a full boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer. Cover the pan and cook until all the water is absorbed and the quinoa is fluffy and tender, 15 to 20 minutes. For the marinara: Add the olive oil, lemon juice, agave nectar to a highspeed blender. Then add the sundried tomatoes, Roma tomatoes, onions, garlic, basil, oregano, salt and hot pepper flakes to the blender. Blend until smooth, 30 to 45 seconds. Use a tamper if necessary to support the proper blending of the sauce. If necessary, add additional tomato soaking water to thin. Serve as is or simmer at a low temperature in a medium saucepan for 25 to 30 minutes. Spoon the marinara sauce over the cooked quinoa in a serving bowl and top with the pine nuts and reserved fresh basil leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup dry white quinoa, rinsed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, preferably cold pressed, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 14 tablespoons agave nectar, 2 cups sundried tomatoes, soaked in water for 2 hours 1 cup soaking water reserved, 2 large Roma or heirloom tomatoes, diced, 12 small yellow onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, a few reserved for garnish, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Pinch hot pepper flakes, 14 cup pine nuts, reserved, for garnish], title: Pine Nut Marinara Quinoa Bowl, picturelink: null}, 34018: {instructions: 1. Heat the butter and oil together in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onions, shallots and leek, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir to combine and cover. Cook, without stirring until the onions are soft and beginning to brown, about 10 to 15 minutes.n2. Uncover, and continue to cook, stirring often, until the onions are a rich brown color and well caramelized, about 25 to 30 minutes. If the onions begin to stick to the bottom of the pan or burn add about a 1 tablespoon water at a time. Meanwhile, tie the reserved leek top with the thyme and rosemary using a piece of kitchen twine.n3. Sprinkle the flour over the onions and cook, stirring, to cook out the raw flour taste, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the broth and 2 cups water, scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pan add the herb bundle. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire and remove from the heat. Discard the herb bundle, stir in the sherry and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.n4. Preheat the broiler. Divide the soup between 4 16ounce oven proof bowls or ramekins and arrange them on a baking sheet. Top each bowl evenly with 2 baguette slices and top with the cheese. Put under the broiler until the cheese is melted and lightly browned, about 1 minute. Sprinkle with the chives and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds yellow onions, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced, about 6 cups sliced, 6 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 34 cups, 1 leek, white and light green part thinly sliced, washed well, and dark green top reserved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 fresh rosemary sprig, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 4 cups lowsodium beef broth, 2 cups water, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, 8 14inch thick slices wholewheat baguette 2 ounces, toasted, 12 cup finely grated Gruyere about 1 34 ounces, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: French Three Onion Soup, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 34019: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees and grease well a 9inch springform pan and line bottom with parchment paper.nMelt the chocolate in a double boiler over hot, not boiling water. When the chocolate is melted, turn off the heat and leave it over the hot water to cool slowly.nMeanwhile in a large bowl, beat the butter with 14 cup of the sugar until the mixture is fluffy and almost white. Add egg yolks and beat for 1 minute. Add the almonds and cognac and beat 2 minutes more.nIn a separate bowl, beat the egg whites until light and foamy while gradually adding the remaining 14 cup sugar. Continue beating the whites until they are stiff and shiny.nAdd the melted chocolate to the egg yolk mixture and mix with a rubber spatula until well combined. Fold in 14 of this chocolate mixture into the egg whites then gradually fold the egg whites back into the rest of the chocolate mixture, taking care not to deflate the batter. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a tester comes out covered with a thick, moist, not wet, and crumby coating. Allow cake to cool for 30 minutes in the pan.nLoosen the edges with a knife and carefully turn the cake out onto a plate. Remove the parchment paper. Sprinkle with the sugar. Serve at room temperature or chilled with whipped cream and raspberries on the side., ingredients: [10 ounces good imported bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter or margarine, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar plus more for sprinkling, 5 large eggs, separated, 13 cup finely ground almonds done in a food processor, 2 tablespoons kosher for passover cognac or dark rum, Whipped cream, optional, Fresh raspberries, optional], title: Chocolate Almond Flourless Torte, picturelink: null}, 34020: {instructions: Place 1 cake layer in bottom of trifle bowl. Drizzle with a third of the sherry. Top evenly with 1 cup of custard. Place another layer of cake on top and moisten with more sherry. Top with blackberries, then 1 layer of cake, moistened with remaining sherry, and 1 cup custard. Top with all the preserves, then the third layer of cake, and remaining custard. Follow with cherries and the last layer of cake. Let refrigerate for 24 hours to set. Top with freshly whipped cream before serving., ingredients: [Two 3inch sponge cakes, cut into 4 layers, 1 12 cups dry sherry, 3 cups custard, 3 cups fresh peach preserves, 3 cups blackberries, macerated, 3 cups tart cherries, pitted, 1 12 cups whipped cream], title: Roma Downeys Favorite Dessert, Sherry Trifle, picturelink: null}, 34021: {instructions: Brew tea in 8 ounces of hot water for three to four minutes. Remove tea bag. In a saucepan, combine the tea mixture and milk and simmer, stirring occasionally. Pour into a coffee mug. Add bourbon, amaretto and Grand Marnier. Stir briefly. Stud lemon wedge with the cloves and add to mixture., ingredients: [1 tea bag chai tea, 8 oz. hot water, 3 oz. milk, 1 oz. bourbon, 14 oz. amaretto an almondflavored liqueur, 14 oz. Grand Marnier an orangeflavored liqueur, Lemon wedge, 3 whole cloves], title: Chai Yai Yai, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 34022: {instructions: With a paring knife, cut around the thin tip of each chicken wing to loosen the meat around the joint. While holding the base, push the meat down gently to expose the bone and form a chicken lollipop. Remove any flesh left on the thin end with a clean towel.nCombine the honey and mustard in a mixing bowl. Thin the mixture out with a bit of water. Dip the chicken meat in honeymustard, allowing the excess to drip off, then coat with bread crumbs.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place chicken lollipops on a baking pan standing up. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [60 chicken wings about 5 pounds, 1 cup honey, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 34 cup bread crumbs, seasoned], title: Chicken Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 34023: {instructions: Wash quail and pat dry with paper towels. Lightly season each bird with salt, pepper, garlic powder, and seasoning salt. Cover and efrigerate for at least 2 hours. Pour flour into a gallon plastic bag. Taking 2 quail at a time, put them in the flour and shake off excess.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nNext, fry the quail in a pan or Dutch oven. Youll want to fill your cooking pan 12 way full with oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Fry until lightly brown, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Place the birds in a baking dish as they are removed from the oil. Pour the chicken broth around quail, but do not pour it directly on top of the birds. Broth should come 13 up the side of the bird. You may need more than 16 ounces of broth depending on the size of your quail. Pour wine around the birds. Cover the dish with foil and bake for about 35 minutes. Remove foil and cook for another 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [8 to 10 quail, Salt and pepper, Garlic powder, Seasoning salt, 2 cups flour, Oil recommended Crisco, 16 ounces chicken broth, 1 cup white wine], title: Southern Steamed Quail, picturelink: null}, 34024: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace an 8 by 12inch enameled cast iron baking dish in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a mixing bowl, beat the eggs until foamy and light. Whisk in the milk until combined. Add the flour, herbs, a big pinch of salt, and some pepper, beat just until the batter is smooth. Pour the beef drippings into the bottom of the hot pan. Immediately pour in the batter and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking for 15 to 20 minutes until the pudding is puffy and brown. Serve immediately, it deflates rapidly., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 14 cups milk, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mixed herbs such as chives, thyme, and parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup reserved beef drippings or melted butter], title: Herbed Yorkshire Pudding, picturelink: CZSqJW2kweuS3Eec7j0qyQQ48h3nvaO}, 34025: {instructions: Make the Gazpacho: In small batches, mix all ingredients in a blender until very smooth. Pay attention to the consistency. You may have to add more water, as the water content in the ingredients may vary. Strain and chill.nMake the Lobster and Dressing: Fill a large pot with water and add plenty of salt. Bring to a boil and add lobsters. Cook for 1 minute. Remove from water, drain and chill.nOnce the lobsters are cool, take off the head and remove the coral and liquid. Pass the coral through a chinois or finemesh sieve. Set aside the resulting liquid for use in the dressing. Peel the lobster tails and cut each tail into 6 medallions. Carefully crack the claws and remove the meat. The idea here is to keep the claw meat whole. Split the claw meat in half lengthwise. Refrigerate the lobster meat until needed.nIn a bowl, whisk together the reserved coral, vinegar, and oil until smooth and blended. Season with salt, to taste. Set aside.nMake the Garnish: Cut the ends off the tomatoes. Cut the tomatoes in half lengthwise. Peel back the skin and flesh to expose the seeds. Remove the seeds, taking care to keep the mass of seeds whole. The point here is to remove the tomato seeds and their surrounding gel intact. Set aside. Reserve the tomato flesh for another use.nCut the cucumber in half lengthwise and remove seeds. Sprinkle the cucumber generously with salt and let sit for an hour, in a colander in the sink. The salt will cause the cucumber to release water. Rinse the cucumber and pat dry with paper towels. Cut the cucumber into a tiny dice.nIn a bowl, combine the cucumber, peppers, and shallot. Set aside.nPour the oil for frying into a large saucepan to a depth of 2 inches. Heat over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil reads 375 degrees F. Fry the bread cubes until golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the croutons to a paper towellined plate to drain.nTo Serve: Pour the chilled gazpacho into a pitcher.nIn the center of each bowl, place 2 medallions and 1 claw half of lobster, and 1 tomato seed filet. Arrange the some of cucumber mixture around the edge of the bowl, sprinkle with chives, and top with 4 croutons. Drizzle the dressing around the lobster, and drizzle the lobster with some of the extravirgin olive oil. Finally, sprinkle everything lightly with the fleur de sel. At the table, set the bowls in front of your guests and pour some of the gazpacho into each., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe tomatoes, diced, 12 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 green pepper, seeded and diced, 1 cup water, 6 tablespoons Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 3 ounces bread, torn into small pieces, Kosher salt, 2 1 14pound lobsters, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 10 tablespoons Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, 1 cucumber, peeled, Kosher salt, as needed, 1 red pepper, seeded cut into a tiny dice, 1 green pepper, seeded and cut into a tiny dice, 2 shallots, cut into a tiny dice, Olive oil, frying, 4 12inch thick slices of bread, cut into 12inch cubes, Spanish extravirgin olive oil, to garnish, Minced chives, to garnish, Fleur de sel, to garnish], title: Gazpacho with Maine Lobster: Gazpacho con Bogavante, picturelink: bAjnlFOhwcKW1bJSD3310LzwChHCmJO}, 34026: {instructions: Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Lightly salt the water. Add the fava beans and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes or until the skins of the beans split open. Drain the beans and refresh in cold water. Remove from cold water and remove skins. Discard skins. Drain bamboo shoots.nIn a wok heat oil and add beans and bamboo shoots. Stir fry for about 2 minutes. Add stock and salt and allow to heat through for about 2 minutes.nIn a bowl combine cornstarch and water and stir until cornstarch dissolves. Add cornstarch to mixture and continue to cook until thickened. Drizzle with sesame oil. Serve with white rice. Garnish with Chinese parsley, ingredients: [12 pound shelled fava beans, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 8ounce can bamboo shoots, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 teaspoons water, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 cups cooked white rice, Garnish: Chinese parsley], title: Stir Fried Fava Beans and Bambo Shoots, picturelink: null}, 34027: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. In another bowl whisk together 2 cups water and eggs. Pour the liquid into the center of the flour mixture. Whisk until the smooth loose dough forms. Mix in parsley until well incorporated. Let rest for 15 minutes.nPlace a large colander or strainer from a pasta pot over a pot of boiling water. You do not want the colanderstrainer to touch the boiling water it should be suspended a couple of inches over the water. Add half of the dough to the colander and using a rubber spatula press the dough through the holes while holding it over the boiling water, allowing the dough fall through holes into the water. Let cook for two minutes then remove the dumplings with a slotted onto a sheet pan. Repeat with remaining dough Reserve 2 cups of cooked dumplings for Round 2 Recipe German Dumpling Soup.nIn a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, add half the butter. When it is melted, add half of the dumplings to the skillet, season with salt and pepper to taste and cook until they are golden and slightly crispy in places, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining butter and dumplings. Transfer to platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Kosher salt, plus more to taste, 4 large eggs, 14 cup chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Parsley Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 34028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nCombine the salt, 2 tablespoons of the pepper, the oregano and thyme and rub into the outside of the beef. Place the beef on a rack on a roasting pan and roast it in the oven until mediumrare, 25 to 30 minutes use a meat thermometer and monitor it till its mediumrare. Remove the meat from the oven and place on a cutting board to rest.nPlace the roasting pan on the burner on mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and sliced onions to the drippings, stirring around to cook until slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Add the soup mix.nPour in the consomme, stock, 1 cup water, the sherry, Worcestershire, soy sauce and the remaining 1 tablespoon pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour. Pour through a fine mesh strainer and keep warm.nSlice the rested beef very, very thinly.nSplit the rolls and spread with butter. Then grill the rolls on a griddle or in a skillet until golden brown and crisp.nTo build the sandwiches, pile sliced meat on the bottom half, dip the sliced beef quickly into the jus before putting on the roll, then top with the top half of the roll. Serve with little dishes of au jus.nMelt provolone on top if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, 1 small boneless rib loin roast 4 to 5 pounds, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large onions, halved and sliced, 1 packet French onion soup mix, 1 can beef consomme, 1 can beef stock, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 8 crusty deli rolls, Butter, softened, for toasting, 8 slices provolone cheese, optional], title: Drippy French Dip Sandwiches, picturelink: vk8oxbAfImwpRasY3OAHa3I3SyaOGjy}, 34029: {instructions: Combine the celery root, fennel, apple and lemon juice in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Toss everything together and set aside for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. This not only tenderizes and marinates the vegetables so they become pliable but also stops them from turning brown.nCombine the mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, honey and mustard in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the dressing over the vegetable and toss well. Fold in the dried cranberries. Taste and season with salt and pepper if needed., ingredients: [1 celery root celeriac, peeled and julienned, 12 small fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced into crescents, 1 Granny Smith apple, julienned do not peel, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 13 cup dried cranberries], title: Creamy Celery Root, Fennel and Apple Slaw, picturelink: null}, 34030: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Combine the mushrooms, bell peppers, zucchini, walnuts, half of the garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl toss, then divide between 2 rimmed baking sheets. Roast, stirring once or twice, until the vegetables are tender and browned in spots, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the beans, the remaining garlic, the lemon juice, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 13 cup water in a blender puree until smooth. Add the parsley and pulse until just combined.nHeat the brown rice as the label directs. Divide among plates and top with the roasted vegetables, bean puree and sprouts.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 pound sliced mixed mushrooms, 2 red bell peppers, cut into strips, 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced, 14 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce can lowsodium cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 5 cups frozen brown rice or prepared brown rice, 1 cup sprouts optional], title: California Rice and Beans, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 34031: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a pot of cold water and salt the water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook the potatoes until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a colander.nAdd 2 tablespoons of olive oil to the pot over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is hot, add the green onions and the kale. Saute until tender, tossing with tongs, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the milk and butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the milk warm and the butter melt.nPut the potatoes into the pot and mash with a potato masher. Stir in the sour cream and the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed well, cut into eighths, Water, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 bunch kale, stems discarded, and leaves finely chopped, 34 cup milk, 4 tablespoons butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Neelys Mash BOOtatoes, picturelink: null}, 34032: {instructions: Fry enough bacon very gently to extract enough fat to fry the medallions. Remove the bacon. Put enough wellseasoned flour into a plastic bag and toss the venison in it remove and lay on some greaseproof paper.nHeat the bacon fat and fry the meat on a medium heat for 5 to 7 minutes, turning frequently. Put them in a warmed dish with a teaspoon of jelly on each medallion and keep warm while you make the sauce.nIf you are using blackberries instead of jelly, cook them lightly in a little red wine and sugar to taste. Spoon over the medallions as for the jelly.nDepending on how much you are cooking, add enough of the stock to the pan. Boil briskly, stirring all the juices together. When it starts to look syrupy, mix in enough sour cream to make a rich sauce. Adjust the seasoning. Pour over the venison.nServe with tiny Brussels sprouts and egg noodles with chestnuts if handy. Apple sauce can also be added as a side dish., ingredients: [Bramble jelly or blackberries, red wine and sugar, Meat stock, Sour cream, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, Brussels sprouts, egg noodles with chestnuts, or apple sauce, as an accompaniment, Unsmoked streaky bacon, cut into strips, Seasoned flour, 2 to 3 medallions of venison per person], title: Medallions of Venison with Bramble Jelly or Blackberries, picturelink: null}, 34033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Large paella pan or wide shallow skilletnRub the spice mix all over the chicken and marinate chicken for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nHeat oil in a paella pan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the chorizo until browned, remove and reserve. Add chicken skinside down and brown on all sides, turning with tongs. Add salt and freshly ground pepper. Remove from pan and reserve.nIn the same pan, make a sofrito by sauteing the onions, garlic, and parsley. Cook for 2 or 3 minutes on a medium heat. Then, add tomatoes and cook until the mixture caramelizes a bit and the flavors meld. Fold in the rice and stirfry to coat the grains. Pour in water and simmer for 10 minutes, gently moving the pan around so the rice cooks evenly and absorbs the liquid. Add chicken, chorizo, and saffron. Add the clams and shrimp, tucking them into the rice. The shrimp will take about 8 minutes to cook. Give the paella a good shake and let it simmer, without stirring, until the rice is al dente, for about 15 minutes. During the last 5 minutes of cooking, when the rice is filling the pan, add the lobster tails. When the paella is cooked and the rice looks fluffy and moist, turn the heat up for 40 seconds until you can smell the rice toast at the bottom, then its perfect.nRemove from heat and rest for 5 minutes. Garnish with peas, parsley and lemon wedges.nSpice Mix for chicken:nCombine ingredients in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture all over the chicken marinate for 1 hour, covered, ingredients: [Spice Mix for chicken, recipe follows, 1 3pound frying chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 Spanish chorizo sausages, thickly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, Bunch flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, reserve some for garnish, 1 15ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and handcrushed, 4 cups short grain Spanish rice, 6 cups water, warm, Generous pinch saffron threads, 1 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 lobster tails, 12 cup sweet peas, frozen and thawed, Lemon wedges, for serving, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons dried oregano], title: The Ultimate Paella, picturelink: bAjnlFOhwcKW1bJSD3310LzwChHCmJO}, 34034: {instructions: Salt and pepper the meat side of the fish, spray with nonstick cooking spray if desired. Place skin side down on a hot grill. Cook about 30 seconds and flip over. The skin should separate from the meat. Cook 1 to 2 minutes, and turn over, to finish cooking the other side of the fillet. When cooked through, around 1 minute more, depending on the temperature of your grill, remove from heat. Serve hot with ranchero sauce.nSaute onion, red pepper and poblano chile until soft and translucent. Add the tomatoes, bring to a boil. Add seasonings. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 red trout fillets, boned, Nonstick cooking spray, if desired, Ranchero sauce, recipe follows, 12 large red onion, diced small, 1 roasted poblano chile, peeled, 1 red bell pepper, diced small, 3 pounds, canned diced fire roasted tomatoes or canned, diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Grilled Red Trout with Ranchero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34035: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 lollipop sticksnPlace the fruitcake in the bowl of a food processor and grind to fine crumbs.nMelt 34 cup of the white chocolate chips in the microwave, and then add to the fruitcake crumbs. Roll into 1 12inch balls, about 12 total.nMelt the remaining 2 cups white chocolate chips with the coconut oil in the microwave.nDip the tip of a lollipop stick in the melted chocolate mixture and stick in a cake ball. Place the pop on a waxedpaperlinedbakingsheet, and repeat for the remaining pops.nFreeze for 30 minutes.nDip the pops into the melted chocolate mixture to coat. Transfer to the baking sheet and rest until the chocolate hardens, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups cubed leftover fruitcake, 2 34 cups white chocolate chips, 14 cup coconut oil], title: Fruitcake Pops, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 34036: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and continue to cream. Add salt and vanilla. Add flour all at once and blend just until flour has dissolved. Refrigerate until ready to use. This dough must be used CHILLED, ingredients: [1 13 cups granulated sugar, 10 ounce 2 12 sticks soft butter or half butterhalf shortening, 3 large eggs, 5 13 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Sugar Dough, picturelink: null}, 34037: {instructions: Add Don Julio Reposado Tequila and grapefruit soda in saltrimmed, icefilled highball glassnGarnish with lime wedge, ingredients: [1.5 oz. Don Julio Reposado Tequila, 4 oz. grapefruit soda, 1 wedge lime], title: La Paloma Suprema, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 34038: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees. Pat the chicken dry with paper towels and sprinkle both sides liberally with salt and pepper. Place 12 cup flour in a bowl and dredge the chicken in the flour. In a large 12inch ovenproof pot such as Le Creuset, heat the oil. Add the chicken in three batches dont crowd them and brown lightly over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Remove the chicken to a plate and continue until all the chicken is browned. Add the whole garlic cloves, mushrooms, and thyme to the pot and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the sherry and cook for 1 minute, scraping up the brown bits. Add the minced garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the wine, chicken stock, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring to a simmer. Add the chicken large pieces first, cover, and place in the middle of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through about 165 degrees on an instantread thermometer. Remove the chicken to a bowl and discard the thyme. With a fork, mash together the butter and 14 cup flour and add it to the sauce. Simmer, stirring constantly, over medium heat for 5 minutes, until slightly thickened. Season to taste it should be highly seasoned, put the chicken back in the sauce, and serve hot., ingredients: [2 3 12 to 4pound chickens, cut in eighths, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, 12 cup good olive oil, 8 whole garlic cloves, 1 12 pounds assorted wild mushrooms, such as porcini and cremini, stems removed and 1 12inch diced, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, tied with kitchen string, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 2 cups white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 2 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Chicken with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: bVo7248h57VcgF3FSESYAG58DfbXU2}, 34039: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together yogurt, cucumber, dill, coriander, red pepper flakes, vinegar, and salt until evenly combined. Season well with freshly ground black pepper, taste, and adjust seasoning, as needed. Serve with an assortment of vegetables for dipping., ingredients: [2 cups plain whole milk yogurt, 14 English hothouse cucumber, small dice about 34 cup, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 34 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving Suggestion: Assortment of vegetables such as green beans, celery, cucumber, mushrooms, roasted beets, or boiled potatoes], title: CucumberDill Yogurt Dip, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 34040: {instructions: Mix the chickpea flour, water, cumin and salt together until smooth. Whisk in the olive oil. Let sit for 2 hours at room temperature or overnight in the refrigerator. If refrigerating, allow to come to room temperature for 2 hours before cooking.nPreheat the broiler to high. In a 9inch castiron pan on top of the stove, heat a small layer of oil until smoking. Add socca batter until a thin pancake forms. Cook until the edges just start to brown, then run the pan under the broiler. Broil until the batter looks cooked and starts to blister slightly.nFlip the socca onto a cutting board. Sprinkle with sea salt and drizzle with olive oil. Repeat with the remaining batter. Serve with toppings and cut into wedges., ingredients: [1 cup chickpea flour, 1 14 cups water, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspon salt, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, Cooking oil canola or grapeseed, Extravirgin olive oil and sea salt, to finish, Desired toppings e.g., Greek yogurt with lemon zest and juice Greek yogurt mixed with harissa tzatziki hummus or olives], title: Chickpea Socca, picturelink: m0Gd0NXVRN1ne6jxmKqQpWmKG2bwLqy}, 34041: {instructions: In a fine sieve, rinse the quinoa under cold water for 1 minute and drain it well. In a heavy saucepan cook the onion in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the cumin, the cinnamon, and the turmeric, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the quinoa and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth, the water, the currants, the tomatoes, and the salt and simmer the mixture, covered, for 15 minutes, or until the liquid is absorbed. Remove the pan from the heat, let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes, and stir in the parsley. Divide the quinoa mixture among 6 buttered 12cup timbale molds, packing it, and invert the timbales onto a platter., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa small, flat, diskshaped seeds, available at natural foods stores and many specialty foods shops, 1 small onion, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup chicken broth, 23 cup water, 13 cup dried currants or raisins, 14 cup chopped drained canned tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Spiced Quinoa Timbales, picturelink: null}, 34042: {instructions: Combine the ground beef, chili powder, garlic, hot sauce, seasoning salt, beef base, cumin, pepper, onion and 1 cup water in a heavybottomed 4quart stock pot and mix well. Cook the chili over mediumhigh heat until the ground beef is cooked, about 30 minutes. Whisk in the tomato paste, making sure to blend it into the chili well, and simmer until thickened and the tomato flavor is incorporated, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and serve over burgers, ingredients: [2 pounds 8020 ground beef, 2 tablespoons dark chili powder, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Texas Pete, 2 tablespoons seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon beef base or bouillon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, One 6ounce can tomato paste], title: Carolina Burger Chili, picturelink: null}, 34043: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium to large skillet over medium heat. Add the mussels to the dry heated skillet, and then immediately add all of the remaining ingredients. Toss the mussels with a wooden spoon while they are cooking. The mussels are ready when they have all opened, and the butter has melted.nMince the saffron and add it to a dry stockpot. Carefully toast the saffron in the pot over low heat until it is heated through but has not changed color. Add the wine and fish stock, and raise heat to mediumhigh. Let cook until the liquid has reduced by 34, adjusting the heat as necessary. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 handfuls black mussels, 4 ounces Saffron Base, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 cups white wine, 4 cups fish stock from a white fleshed fish, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sauteed Mussels, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 34044: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the chicken and buttermilk refrigerate at least 24 hours and up to 2 days. In a food processor, combine the honey and chiles blend until smooth. Set the chipotle honey aside.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cornstarch, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, and paprika.nWorking in batches, remove the chicken from the marinade and dredge in the seasoned flour repeat. Add the chicken to the hot oil and fry until cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes per batch. Repeat with the remaining chicken., ingredients: [1 3pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 3 cups buttermilk, 1 cup honey, 2 teaspoons chopped chipotle chiles in adobo, 8 cups vegetable oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika], title: Maxs Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 34045: {instructions: Boil 1 pound halved new potatoes, 10 minutes. Add 4 eggs to the water remove from the heat, cover and let sit 10 minutes. Add 1 cup frozen peas cover 1 minute. Drain peel and quarter the eggs. Toss with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, and parsley and mint. Sprinkle with parmesan, salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: PotatoEgg Salad, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 34046: {instructions: Grate the cucumber on the large holes of a box grater and place in a finemesh strainer or cheesecloth fitted over a bowl. Salt the cucumber and let it sit 10 minutes. Thoroughly squeeze out any excess moisture using the cheesecloth or a towel.nAdd the drained cucumber to a bowl with the yogurt, harissa, lemon juice, honey, garlic and some pepper. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, peeled, halved and seeded, Salt, 1 cup wholemilk Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons harissa paste, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 clove garlic, minced or pressed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Harissa Tzatziki Dip, picturelink: 7CxLhotZOYyzSd2No3t.c.Rc6yBlEfG}, 34047: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Remove dough from cans. Cut each loaf into 3 pieces shape each into ball, placing seam at bottom so dough is smooth on top. Place dough balls, seam side down, on sprayed cookie sheet. Bake at 350 for 22 to 26 minutes or until golden brown. Meanwhile, heat oil in large saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add chicken, bell pepper and onion cook 5 to 7 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in center, stirring occasionally. Add all remaining ingredients except cheese mix well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 7 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. With sharp knife, cut small portion off top of each loaf. Lightly press center of bread down to form bowls. Place each bread bowl on individual serving plate. Spoon about 1 cup chicken mixture into each. Sprinkle evenly with cheese. Place top of each bread bowl next to filled bread bowl., ingredients: [2 11oz. cans Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crusty French Loaf, 1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil, 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 14 cup chopped red onion, 1 16oz. can chili beans, drained, 1 11oz. can Green Giant Super Sweet Yellow and White Corn, drained, 1 10oz. can Old El Pasou00ae Red Enchilada Sauce, 34 cup sour cream, 12 cup ketchup, 1 1.25oz. pkg. Old El Pasou00ae Taco Seasoning Mix, 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes, 1 teaspoon dried basil leaves, 2 oz. 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, if desired], title: Santa Fe Chicken Bread Bowls, picturelink: null}, 34048: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a martini shaker 23 full with ice. Add 1 part rum, 1 part peach schnapps, and 2 parts peach puree to the shaker and then top off with a little pink lemonade. Shake and strain into a martini grass. Garnish the glass with a peach slice and a lime wedge., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part white rum, 1 part peach schnapps, 2 parts peach puree, Pink lemonade, Fresh peach slice, for garnish, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Peach Party Punch, picturelink: kakDE4y8EvUBKihPzCPAzpCPa3Zspe}, 34049: {instructions: Puree 4 cups watermelon chunks strain. Stir in 4 ounces Alize Red Passion or other fruitflavored liqueur, 8 ounces gin and 2 cups sour mix chill. Add sparkling rose before serving. Garnish with lime. Makes 10 to 12 drinks.nPhotograph by Lisa Hubbard, ingredients: [], title: Watermelon Sours, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 34050: {instructions: 1. Cook orzo pasta according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.n2. Fold in chicken, sundried tomatoes, olives, basil, lemon juice, olive oil and Parmesan cheese.n3. Season to taste with salt and ground black pepper., ingredients: [16 ounces orzo pasta, 2 packages Tyson Grilled and Ready Breast Fillets, 12 cup diced oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 12 cup halved, pitted Kalamata olives, 13 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Pinch salt and ground black pepper], title: Mediterranean Chicken Orzo, picturelink: tcSVdj3XvehvtwzsjEgLznFpsNY2KMu}, 34051: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put all dry ingredients in a food processor, including walnuts and pulse until combined. Whisk together the egg yolk and water in a small bowl. Add the butter to the dry ingredients and cut the butter into the mixture by pulsing. Add the yolk and water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Remove dough to a flat surface and gently knead until it comes together into a cohesive mass. Wrap and chill in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to 18inch thickness. Cut the dough into 4inch circles. Transfer the circles to a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned, about 12 to15 minutes. Let cool on a baking rack.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan on top of the grill. Add the sugar, cinnamon and salt and pepper and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Sprinkle fruit with salt and pepper. Grill the fruit on both sides, brushing with the butter mixture, until just cooked through. Remove the fruit to a platter.nCombine sugar and water. Cook over medium heat until sugar caramelizes to a dark golden brown. Slowly add the butter, then cream and whisk until smooth. Strain the sauce into a bowl and whisk in the rum. Keep warm.nArrange grilled fruit on top of the cookies. Drizzle with the sauce and serve with vanilla ice cream or freshly whipped cream., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cake flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 ounces walnuts, ground in food processor, 1 stick unsalted cold butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon cold water, 14 pound unsalted butter, 13 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch salt and pepper, 12 baby bananas, peeled and halved, 12 apricots, pitted and halved, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup dark rum], title: Grilled Bananas and Apricots with Walnut Cookies and Caramel Rum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34052: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Put the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Whisk the eggs and milk in another shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Combine the breadcrumbs and seeds in a third dish season with salt and pepper. Lightly dredge each cutlet in the flour, shaking off the excess. Dip in the egg mixture, then in the breadcrumb mixture, pressing to coat both sides.nArrange the cutlets in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate, uncovered, 1 hour. This will help the coating stick to the meat.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the cutlets until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes per side, sprinkling with the parsley during the last minute of cooking. Remove to a rack or paper towellined plate to drain. Season with salt.nSandwich the schnitzel on the pretzel rolls you might need to cut the bigger pieces of meat. Top with pickles, red onion, lettuce andor mustard.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 2 cups breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons caraway, poppy, sesame or fennel seeds or a combination, 8 pork, turkey or chicken cutlets about 1 12 pounds, cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 8 pretzel rolls, split, Sliced pickles, sliced red onion, lettuce leaves andor spicy brown mustard, for topping], title: Schnitzel Sandwiches, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 34053: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the cutlets with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the flour in a dinner plate and season with salt and pepper. Put the bread crumbs in a second plate and the beaten eggs in a shallow bowl. Dip the cutlets into the flour, then the eggs and finally into the bread crumbs, pressing down on both sides so that the bread crumbs adhere to the meat.nHeat 12inch oil in a large skillet to 350 degrees F. Panfry the cutlets in batches until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes per side depending on the thickness. Set aside to drain on paper towels.nTo assemble the sandwiches, halve the rolls horizontally. Pull out the soft center of the slices and discard. Spread each roll evenly with the Chipotle Mayonnaise. Put the cutlets on the bottom halves of the rolls and top with lettuce, tomato, avocado, onion and jalapeno. Arrange the sandwiches on serving plates and garnish with lime wedges.nIn a small bowl mash together the chipotle chile, lime juice and mayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Four 4ounce chicken, beef or pork cutlets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, for dredging, 2 eggs, beaten, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying, 4 Bolillo or Telera rolls or French bread, Chipotle Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 4 lettuce leaves optional, Eight 14inch slices tomato, Twelve 14inch slices avocado, 12 thin slices white onion, 12 pickled jalapeno slices or 4 canned chipotles in adobo, 8 lime wedges, for garnish, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce or 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mexican Milanese Style Sandwiches Tortas, picturelink: VuQ6IbNA8WXa9wN0RNnj5eGeTJiQ.ya}, 34054: {instructions: In a skillet large enough to hold the pork chops in a single layer, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until it just begins to smoke. Add the chops and saute until well browned on each side, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter and cover to keep warm. Discard the oil in the skillet, then wipe out the skillet with a paper towel. Set over medium heat and add the butter. When its melted, add the shallots and garlic and saute until aromatic but not browned, about 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the brandy be careful here, because the brandy may ignite. Add the cream and mustard to the skillet and return the skillet to the heat, increasing the heat to high. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to low. Return the veal chops to the skillet, along with any accumulated juices, and simmer until the sauce has reduced enough to coat the back of a spoon and the chops are just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the chops in the sauce once as they cook. Remove the skillet from the heat and season the chops with lemon juice and salt and pepper. Transfer the chops to a serving platter, spoon sauce over them, and serve immediately, sprinkled with the chopped fresh herbs., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 pork chops 1inch thick about 10ounces each, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup Dijon mustard, Squeeze of fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, flatleaf parsley, tarragon, andor chervil leaves], title: Pork Chops with Mustard and Cream, picturelink: null}, 34055: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nUsing a sharp knife, score surface of ham crosswise and lengthwise, forming a crosshatch pattern about 14inch deep and 1inch apart. Place a clove in the center of each square.nPlace ham, fat side up, in a doublelayer disposable aluminum roasting pan. Pat brown sugar onto the surface of the ham expect some sugar to fall into the roasting pan. Transfer to oven, and bake until brown sugar just begins to melt, about 30 minutes.nRemove ham from oven. Pour cola over ham, letting it mix with the melted sugar in the bottom of the pan. Baste ham with sugar mixture. Return ham to oven, and bake for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 1 cup reserved pineapple juice and the wine in a small bowl. Baste ham with pineapple mixture. Bake ham for a total of 16 minutes per pound, basting every 20 minutes with the juices in the bottom of the pan. During the last 20 minutes of baking time, decorate ham with pineapple rings. Use 2 to 3 toothpicks to hold each ring in place. Center a cherry in the center of each ring, and adhere with a toothpick.nTransfer ham to a platter, removing all toothpicks. Garnish ham with fresh bay leaves. Serve., ingredients: [1 7 to 9pound ham, rind removed recommended: Smithfield Easy Karv, Whole cloves, 1 pound dark brown sugar, 1 12ounce can cola recommended: CocaCola, 1 14ounce can pineapple rings, drained and juice reserved, 1 cup sweet Concord grape wine recommended: Manishevitz, 10 to 12 maraschino cherries, Fresh bay leaves, for garnish], title: Easter Ham, picturelink: null}, 34056: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. F. Cut onion and tomatoes in half and place on a baking sheet. Put into hot oven and roast for 15 minutes or until softened. Remove and let cool slightly and coarsely chop.nCombine all ingredients together in a mixer except for tortillas and lobster meat. On an 8 inch flour tortilla, spread 12 cup of the mixture and 3 ounces of lobster meat evenly on 12 of tortilla and fold over to create a half moon shape. Repeat with each tortilla.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add oil and panfry tortilla until brown and crispy, about 3 minutes per side. Cut into wedges and serve with salsa, guacamole and sour cream., ingredients: [2 pounds thawed frozen or fresh cooked lobster meat, 10 8inch flour tortillas, 2 pounds cream cheese, 1 pound Cheddar, shredded, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 roasted red onion, chopped, 3 roasted plum tomatoes, chopped, 4 tablespoons Sriracha Thai hot sauce, available at most markets, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola or olive oil], title: Lobster Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 34057: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium high heat melt butter. Whisk in flour and cook mixture whisking constantly until mixture boils. Add chicken stock, continuing to whisk, until chicken stock boils and sauce is emulsified, about 4 minutes. Add salt and pepper. Serve over hot chicken, potatoes.nYield: approximately 1 cupnTo hot Veloute sauce add mushrooms and cook, whisking, over medium heat, until mushrooms release moisture. Add heavy cream and heat to a boil. Season to taste. Serve with poached chicken.nYield: approximately 112 cupsnMake shallot butter: To softened butter add shallots and lemon juice. Mix thoroughly. Chill until cold, preferably overnight.nTo hot Veloute sauce over medium high heat, whisking constantly, add cream, cook until simmering. Add chervil, parsley, tarragon, chives. Whisk in the cold shallot butter, 1 tablespoon at a time until sauce is thickened, glossy. Serve with grilled or roasted chicken.nYield: approximately 112 cups, ingredients: [CLASSIC VE1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste LOUTE, Classic Veloute sauce, 14 pound button mushrooms, cleaned, sliced thin, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, Squeeze of lemon, Classic Veloute sauce, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon chopped chervil, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley, 12 teaspoon chopped tarragon, 12 teaspoon finely chopped chives], title: Chicken Stock Based Sauces, picturelink: null}, 34058: {instructions: Combine ingredients for the fettucine in a food processor except butter, oil and garlic. Knead the ingredients in the food processor for about 10 minutes to make a stiff smooth dough. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and let rest for 10 minutes. Roll flat with a rolling pin or pasta machine so that the dough is very thin and cut into noodles. Chill until ready to cook. Can freeze extra pasta.nFor the Chicken: Combine Chardonnay, olive oil, garlic salt, salt, sugar, and basil to make a marinade. Clean and trim chicken breasts and add to marinade. Transfer marinade and chicken breasts into plastic bag and marinate overnight in refrigerator.nPreheat the grill.nGrill the chicken until cooked through. Remove from the grill, cool, slice chicken thinly and set aside.nTo make the sauce: Toss mushrooms and 2 tablespoons flour together. In a large skillet over medium heat on stovetop, brown mushrooms in 6 tablespoons butter. Stir in additional 4 tablespoons flour and brown slightly. Add the Chardonnay and 3 cups water, and stir until thick. Add and stir in chicken bouillon, basil leaves,garlic powder and remaining pumpkin puree. Add chicken to sauce and cook slowly on low heat until ready to serve.nBefore serving, add artichoke hearts, Gruyere cheese, Parmesan cheese and whipping cream to chicken and sauce.nTo make the Fettucine: Bring salted water to a boil on stovetop and boil fettuccini noodles for 12 minutes until tender but firm. Brown the garlic in the butter and olive oil and toss together with cooked and drained noodles.nServe sauce over noodles. Garnish with grated Parmesan cheese and fresh basil leaves., ingredients: [23 cup canned pumpkin, use a 15ounce can and reserve the remaining for the saucerecommended: Libbys, 2 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 cups flour, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 cup Chardonnay, 14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 1 12 pounds chicken breasts, boneless, skinless, 8 ounces mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 2 tablespoons flour, plus 4 tablespoons, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups Chardonnay, 3 cups water, 1 ounce chicken bouillon, 12 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 ounces artichoke hearts, sliced in wedges, 2 ounces Gruyere, 2 ounces Parmesan, 2 ounces whipping cream, Grated Parmesan, for garnish, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Pumpkin Fettuccini with Chicken, picturelink: null}, 34059: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrain and rinse the canned white beans. In a medium bowl, mash half of the beans with a potato masher until chunky. Reserve the beans until needed.nAdd the canola oil to a large Dutch oven and heat it over mediumhigh heat. Add the peppers, onions, and garlic and saute until soft and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Season the vegetables with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the cumin, coriander, and chili powder and continue to saute for 1 more minute to toast the spices. Stir in the chicken stock, and lime juice and bring to a simmer. Add the beans and continue to simmer for 20 more minutes.nAfter 20 minutes of simmering, taste for seasoning, and adjust if necessary. Stir in the shredded rotisserie chicken and cilantro and simmer until heated through, about 5 more minutes. Serve the chili in individual bowls topped with a dollop of sour cream, crushed tortilla chips, and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 14.5ounce cans white beans, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium jalapeno pepper, minced, 2 medium poblano peppers, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 limes, juiced, plus lime wedges, for serving, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed and meat shredded, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Sour cream, for topping, Tortilla chips, coarsely crushed, for topping], title: White Chicken Chili, picturelink: GLuDulUqoSST4rwEX5Oz5jfccSuB4oW}, 34060: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the sage, rosemary, the 5 garlic cloves, fennel seeds, olive oil, and salt and pepper and blend until a paste forms. You can also mash these ingredients together with a mortar and pestle.nUsing a sharp knife, butterfly the pork butt, so it opens up like a book. You can also have your butcher do this for you. Rub the inside cut of the meat with the paste. Using kitchen twine, tie the butterflied pork back together to make a compact shape.nPlace the halved garlic heads and potatoes, cutsides down, on the bottom of a roasting pan to create a bed for the pork butt so it doesnt sit directly on the surface of the pan. Place the pork fatside up on the bed of garlic and potatoes, drizzle lightly with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace the pan in the oven and bake for 5 hours, or until the skin is browned and the meat is extremely tender pour the wine over the pork after the first 30 minutes of roasting and baste the meat with the collected pan juices every 40 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let rest for 20 minutes. Remove the twine before cutting the pork into 12inchthick slices.nIMPORTANTE After slowroasting the pork, the garlic should be soft. Spread it on bread for an appetizer. Serve with OvenRoasted Potatoes. The potatoes make for a nice cooks treatsnack on them while youre waiting for the pork to rest.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet, place the potatoes, carrots, garlic, rosemary, and sage. Drizzle with the olive oil, season with salt and pepper to taste, and toss to coat.nRoast for 50 to 60 minutes, tossing halfway through, until the potatoes are crisp and golden. Remove from the oven and serve.nIMPORTANTE To parboil and panroast these potatoes: In a pot, combine the whole potatoes with water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the pot and set them aside to cool. Cut the potatoes into 34inch chunks and add to a large nonstick skillet with the carrots, garlic, rosemary, and sage. Dress with olive oil, salt, and pepper, and heat on high until the potatoes are crisp and golden, occasionally moving the potatoes by shaking the pan handle. Avoid stirring with a spoon or spatula, so that you dont break the skin, and the potatoes can achieve a nice sear., ingredients: [3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh rosemary, 2 heads garlic, halved horizontally, plus 5 garlic cloves, 12 tablespoon fennel seeds, lightly crushed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 6 12pound boneless pork butt pork shoulder, 2 baby potatoes, halved, 1 cup dry white wine, Oven Roasted Potatoes, for serving, 6 Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 34inch cubes, 4 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into chunks, 5 garlic cloves, 1 handful fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 handful sage leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roast Pig, picturelink: null}, 34061: {instructions: Pour the corn flakes into a large mixing bowl, then pour about half of the bittersweet chocolate over them. Using a rubber spatula, mix until they are coated evenly. The chocolate will immediately begin to set. Once the chocolate has set, repeat with the remaining chocolate to give it second coat.nQuickly scoop the chocolate corn flakes into small mounds onto a parchmentlined sheet pan. It is easier to use one spoon to scoop the mounds and another spoon to scrape them onto the sheet pan. It is important to work quickly because the mixture is easier to scoop before the chocolate hardens.nIf your kitchen is very hot, you can place the sheet pan in the refrigerator for about 5 minutes to allow the chocolate to harden, however, do not leave them in the refrigerator for more than 10 minutes. If they get too cold, condensation will form on them when they are removed from the refrigerator due to the difference in temperature between the cold chocolate and the warm air, which will cause the chocolate to turn white. While this doesnt affect the taste, it does ruin the appearance.nStore in an airtight container in a cool, dry area for up to 2 weeks.nHow to Temper Chocolate From Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [4 cups corn flakes, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Corn Flakes, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 34062: {instructions: Drain pineapple, reserving 13 cup juice and 6 pineapple rings save remaining juice and pineapple for another use.nCombine butter, brown sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg.nBrush half of the mixture on both sides of pineapple rings and cake slices.nOn an uncovered grill over medium heat, cook pineapple and cake for 1 to 2 minutes on each side or until golden brown, brushing occasionally with remaining pineapple juice mixture.nTop each slice of cake with a pineapple ring. Top with raspberries, nuts and whipped cream, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 20 ounce can sliced pineapple, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 6 slices pound cake, Raspberries, for topping, Nuts, for topping, Whipped cream, for topping], title: Grilled Pineapple Pound Cake a la Mode, picturelink: null}, 34063: {instructions: Prepare the caramel and coat a 9inch round cake pan, reserving the extra caramel sauce in the refrigerator as directed above. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Rub the yam with vegetable oil, place on a baking tray and bake 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a knife easily pierces the potato at its thickest part. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then peel and mash with a fork the mashed potato should measure about 1 cup. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees. Prepare the caramel and coat a 9inch round cake pan, reserving the extra sauce in the refrigerator as directed. In a large bowl combine all remaining ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Pass through a strainer, pressing with a spatula, into the caramel coated cake pan. Place the cake in a water bath. Bake for about 1 hour and 10 minutes or until the center just feels firm when pressed. Set aside to cool in the water bath. Remove from the water bath, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours, or overnight. To serve cut in wedges and top with cold caramel sauce., ingredients: [1 recipe caramel sauce, 1 large yam or sweet potato about 18 ounces or 1 cup canned pureed yams or sweet potatoes, Vegetable oil, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 12 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups Homemade Condensed Milk, 6 large eggs, 6 large egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons dark rum], title: Red Yam Flan, picturelink: null}, 34064: {instructions: Place eggplant in a nonreactive bowl. Toss with 1 teaspoon of salt and allow to sit for 20 minutes. Remove to a clean kitchen towel and tightly twist to squeeze out all moisture. Set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the eggplant and shallots and saute for about 6 minutes, or until very tender. Remove from heat and set aside.nPeel potatoes. Using a hand grater or mandoline, shred potatoes into a clean kitchen towel. Tightly twist to squeeze out as much moisture as possible.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nHeat remaining 14 cup of oil in a 9inch ovenproof, nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Using a spatula, evenly press half of the potatoes into the pan. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spread the reserved eggplant over the top. Pat remaining potatoes evenly over the eggplant. Again, season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cook for about 10 minutes, or until bottom is golden. Carefully turn and dab the crust with bits of butter. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until bottom begins to crisp. Place in the preheated oven and bake for 25 minutes, or until potatoes are cooked and tart is golden and crisp. Remove from oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Using a sharp serrated knife, cut into 6 wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 14 cups finely diced peeled eggplant, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more, to taste, 2 tablespoons, plus 14 cup safflower oil, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 4 large baking potatoes, like russets, Black pepper, to taste, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Crisp PotatoEggplant Tart, picturelink: null}, 34065: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour, sugar, vanilla extract, orange zest and salt in a food processor pulse to lightly mix. Add the butter and pulse until combined. Form the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic. Chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the cookie dough out to a 14inch thickness. Cut out cookies using a 1 12inch round cutter. Arrange the cookies, spaced at least 1inch apart, on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nBake until the cookies are a pale golden brown, about 15 minutes, rotating halfway through. Let cool slightly, then transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.nHeat an inch of water in a small saucepot. Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl and set it over the saucepot. Bring the water to a simmer. When the chocolate has melted, immediately remove the bowl from the saucepot and whisk the chocolate until smooth. Dip the cookies halfway into the chocolate and place them on parchment paper to set. Once the chocolate has set, enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon orange zest, Pinch salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cold, chunked, 2 cups chopped dark chocolate], title: B and W ChocolateDipped Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: USL2VizUlLdK6j3k3N5uOpjlbEAP25y}, 34066: {instructions: Preheat the oil in a heavy 5quart pot over mediumhigh heat to 375 degrees F.nSlice the leeks into 12inch wide rings, separating them 2 layers at a time.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the milk and the egg. In another medium mixing bowl, combine the flour and salt. Divide the flour into 2 separate, shallow dishes and place the milk and egg mixture in a third. Going 1 small handful at a time, dip the rings first into the first flour mixture, then into the milk and egg, and then into the second flour mixture. Working in batches, fry the rings for 1 to 1 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove the rings to a cooling rack set inside a half sheet pan and allow to drain for 2 to 3 minutes before serving. Season with additional salt, if desired., ingredients: [3 quarts oil peanut, vegetable, or canola, 12 ounces leeks, cleaned and trimmed of dark green parts, 1 12 cups milk, 1 large egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning], title: Leek Rings, picturelink: null}, 34067: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 10inch cake pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar, olive oil, milk, liqueur, orange juice, and lemon zest. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Mix the dry mixture into the wet mixture. Whisk until well blended. Fold in the almonds.nPour the mixture into the buttered cake pan. Bake for 1 hour. Place on a rack to cool. Run a knife around the edges and place it on a plate. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [3 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 10 ounces milk, 2 ounces orange liqueur, 2 ounces fresh orange juice, 3 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 ounces blanched almonds, finely chopped, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Olive Oil Cake: Ladi Tourta, picturelink: null}, 34068: {instructions: Season fish with salt, pepper, cumin, paprika. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil, 1 turn of the pan. Heat an ovenproof serving plate in a warm oven. Saute fish 3 minutes on each side or until opaque. Squeeze the juice of 12 lime over the fish and carefully slide the fillets onto warm platter. Cover the fish to keep it warm. Return pan to heat and add remaining tablespoon of oil, 1 turn of the pan. Over medium high heat, quickly saute the red onion, jalapeno and the garlic. Saute a minute or so, add the diced tomatillos with seeds and juices. Season mixture with coarse salt and saute the mixture of vegetables 5 minutes.nOnce you get your sauce working, get a second skillet hot over moderate heat for your maque choux. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil 1 turn of the pan, chopped onion, jalapeno and red bell pepper. Saute 2 or 3 minutes. Working on a plate to catch the milky juices, scrape corn off the cob. Break up the kernels and pour into the skillet. Combine corn with peppers and onions. Season with a sprinkle of sugar, a dash of cayenne pepper and salt. When mixture bubbles, reduce heat to simmer. Cut butter into pieces and stir into corn mixture. Allow mixture to simmer and cook until creamy, 5 to 7 minutes.nWhile corn is working, go back to your sauce for the fish. Add the beer and the juice of 12 lime and cilantro to the pan. Simmer sauce 5 minutes longer, then spoon hot sauce down over the fish filets. Garnish platter with a few extra sprigs of the cilantro.nCut avocados in 12 lengthwise and remove pits. Squeeze lime juice over the avocados to keep them from browning and season them with a little coarse salt. Arrange on the serving plate.nTo serve, fill the avocados with maque choux, allowing the corn to spill down and over the sides of the avocado onto the serving platter. The ripe avocado is spooned away from its skin with bites of creamy, warm corn and peppers. Place the avocados alongside garnished fish and enjoy with lime sorbet topped with raspberries and Grand Marnier., ingredients: [1 14 to 1 12 pounds tilapia, 4 fillets, Coarse salt, Ground pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 lime, halved, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno or serrano pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 or 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 8 to 10 tomatillos, husks peeled and diced, 12 bottled pale beer, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, a palmful, plus a few sprigs for garnish, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 4 ears fresh corn on the cob, husked, A sprinkle sugar, Dash cayenne pepper, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 ripe avocado, 1 lime, juiced], title: Tilapia with Tomatillos and Avocado filled with Maque Choux, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 34069: {instructions: Bring water to a boil and salt it liberally, drop in pasta and cook to al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, heat olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, over medium heat. Add mushrooms, celery, shallots and garlic, cook 4 to 5 minutes then add tomatoes, season with salt and pepper, raise heat to mediumhigh and cook tomatoes until they burst, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in peas and crab, heat through 2 minutes then add hot sauce and wine, reduce wine a minute then stir in stock, heat 1 minute more then add cream  a turn of the pan, parsley, tarragon. Adjust seasonings. Drain pasta and toss with sauce, sprinkle with cheese to taste, optional., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound orecchiette, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 crimini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 ribs celery from the heart with leafy tops, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 pint grape tomatoes, Pepper, 1 cup green peas, 10 to 12 ounces lump crabmeat, picked through for shell pieces, A few dashes hot sauce, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup seafood stock, clam juice or chicken stock, 14 to 13 cup cream, eyeball it, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves chopped, Grated Pecorino Romano, optional], title: Orecchiette with Crab, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 34070: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and saute the chicken until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon, reserving the fat and liquid in the pan.nAdd in the water chestnuts, mushrooms, bell peppers and sliced scallions and saute for 10 minutes. Lower the heat to medium, add in the ginger and garlic and cook until fragrant, 15 to 20 seconds. Add the hoisin, soy sauce, mirin and cooked chicken and simmer for a couple more minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary.nThinly slice the reserved scallion tops. Scoop the chicken onto lettuce cups and garnish with the sliced scallions, chopped cashews, a bit of sriracha and a dash of fish sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds ground chicken thighsdark meat preferred, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce can water chestnuts, minced, 1 cup finely chopped shiitake mushrooms chopped in a food processor, 2 red bell peppers, cut into small dice, 2 scallions, thinly sliced up to the pale greens, dark green tops reserved for garnish, 2 tablespoons zested fresh ginger, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 head butterhead lettuce, leaves separated, washed and thoroughly dried, 12 cup roasted cashews, chopped, Sriracha, for serving, Fish sauce, for serving], title: Sweet and Sour Chicken Lettuce Cups, picturelink: yoHQFMjRftOrvJqJEVUUBMO21GdY5i}, 34071: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together all ingredients in a large nonreactive bowl. Prick turkey breast with a fork and add to the marinade, turn to coat completely. Refrigerate covered, for at least 4 hours. Preheat grill and grill the breast for 1 to 1 12 hours until golden brown and cooked through.nSuccotash Salsa: Mix all ingredients together in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit 30 minutes. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup peanut oil, 1 tablespoons ground fennel seed, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotles, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 turkey breast 4 to 5 pounds fresh or frozen, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 1 cup baby lima beans, if frozen thawed, if fresh blanched, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon cumin, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Red Chile Turkey Breast with Succotash Salsa, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 34072: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Season the water with salt and add the asparagus. Cook until tendercrisp then transfer the asparagus to a serving plate. Squeeze the juice of the lemon over the top and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed, 1 lemon, halved, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Asparagus, picturelink: pjiiwVsFSxE4EZQg92Tfs.LNZDP7TS}, 34073: {instructions: Tarragon Vinaigrette:nIn a small bowl add olive oil, sherry vinegar, chopped tarragon, salt and cracked pepper and whisk. Reserve for salad.nBrush zucchini and squash with tarragon vinaigrette and grill lightly on both sides. Reserve for salad.nIn a large bowl, combine the arugula, tomatoes, and tarragon vinaigrette add a little at a time. Do not overdress salad greens should be lightly coated. Lay out 8 plates, arrange 1 zucchini slice and 1 yellow squash slice on each plate, add a handful of arugula tomato salad and season with salt and cracked pepper., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Kosher salt, Cracked black pepper, 2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, 2 yellow squash, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, 1 pound arugula, 1 pint teardrop tomatoes, cut in 12], title: Grilled Summer Squash Salad with Arugula, Ranch Tomatoes and Tarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 34074: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large frying pan, heat the pan over mediumhigh heat and then add half the butter or oil.nSeason turkey cutlet slices with salt and pepper. Place in large ziptop bag, along with the flour. Seal bag and shake to coat turkey. Remove turkey from bag, shaking off excess flour. Cook in a hot pan for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until done. Transfer to an ovenproof plate and place in the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining butter or oil and turkey.nAdd red wine, orange juice concentrate, and sugar to pan and scrape up any browned bits in pan. Bring to a boil and let reduce by half, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat and swirl in the cherries and cold butter to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe the turkey culets on individual plates with some sauce spooned over the top.nNote: When spooning sauce on top, do not cover the entire piece of meat. Spoon diagonally over the meat to show off the golden color., ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons butter or oil, plus 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into 4 chunks, for finishing, 1 12 pounds turkey breast cutlet, sliced 12inch thick, Salt and pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup merlot wine, 2 tablespoons orange juice concentrate, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 15ounce can tart cherries recommended: Oregon], title: Turkey Cutlet with Tart Cherry Sauce, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 34075: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Put the potato in a medium saucepan, cover with water and add 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until just tender, about 8 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, pat the chicken dry and sprinkle with the oregano, and salt and pepper to taste. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate. Add the potato to the skillet and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook until slightly soft, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add the cherry peppers and brine and cook, scraping up the pan with a wooden spoon, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Return the chicken to the skillet and sprinkle with the parsley. Toss with tongs, then set the chicken skinside up on top of the vegetables. Broil until the skin is crisp, 2 to 3 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 russet potato, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt, 8 small skinon, bonein chicken thighs about 2 14 pounds, 1 heaping tablespoon dried oregano, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large green bell pepper, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 to 6 pickled cherry peppers, seeded and sliced, plus 13 cup brine, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Broiled Chicken With Peppers, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 34076: {instructions: , ingredients: [6 ounces scant 1 12cups blanched or unblanched almonds, 6 ounces unsalted butter, plus extra for pan, Fine dry bread crumbs, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 34 cup granulated sugar, 6 eggs, separated, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Icing, recipe follows], title: Queen Mothers Cake, picturelink: null}, 34077: {instructions: Make the tapenade: in a food processor, pulse the olives until chopped fine. Add the remaining tapenade ingredients and pulse until olives are minced.nWith a sharp knife, slice the stem end 14inch down and the bottom 18inch up from each tomato and discard. Using a 14 teaspoon, remove the juice and seeds from each tomato half, leaving the outside shell intact. Spoon a generous 14 teaspoon of the tapenade into each shell and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [12 cup Spanish olives with pimento, 1 12 teaspoons drained capers, 1 teaspoon brandy, preferably a Spanish brandy such as Solera Gran Reserva, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 32 small cherry tomatoes, Chopped fresh parsley for garnish], title: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Spanish Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 34078: {instructions: Fill a glass halfway with ice. Add Cuervo Especial Gold, Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, orange juice, and energy drink. Stir well. Garnish with orange slice., ingredients: [0.75 oz. Cuervo Especial Gold, 0.75 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 2 oz. orange juice, 1 oz. energy drink, 1 slices orange], title: Electric Screwdriver, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 34079: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the pesto: In a blender, combine the arugula, spinach, Parmesan, garlic, and sliced almonds. Blend on low and slowly drizzle in the olive oil and the lemon juice. Blend for about 45 seconds, or until the mixture completely emulsifies. Remove from the blender and season with salt and pepper.nTo make the galettes: Cut the puff pastry sheets into 6 6inch round circles. Place each circle on a parchmentlined pan. Spread about 3 tablespoons of arugula pesto over the top of each puff pastry circle. Sprinkle the roasted peppers evenly on top. Divide the feta cheese evenly over the top. Bake in the oven for approximately 30 to 35 minutes until the puff pastry is golden brown and the cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 cups fresh arugula, cleaned and packed, 14 cup fresh spinach, cleaned and packed, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons sliced toasted almonds, 34 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 box puff pastry sheets, thawed, 34 cup sliced roasted red peppers, 34 cup sliced roasted yellow peppers, 34 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Roasted Pepper and Feta Cheese with Arugula Pesto Galette, picturelink: null}, 34080: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Saute the bacon strips until golden and crispy. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towel to drain and reserve. Pour off the oil and bacon fat, and reserve. Return the pan to the heat and add the vinegar and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Whisk in about 4 teaspoons of the reserved pan drippings to make a dressing. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside.nFill a small sauce pan with 3 inches of water. Add the distilled vinegar. Bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat, adjust heat to so the water is just under a simmer. Break the eggs into the water and poach to desired doneness, about 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile toss the salad with the reserved bacon and the dressing. Season with salt and pepper.nPut the salad on a plate and place the toasts on the salad. Remove eggs from the water with a slotted spoon and pat the back of the spoon with paper towels. Place egg on toast and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 piece bacon, cut crosswise into 12 inch thick strips, 1 teaspoon aged sherry or red wine vinegar, Kosher salt plus and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon distilled vinegar, 1 to 2 large eggs, 112 cups mixed greens, washed and spun dried, 1 or 2 12inch thick slices of a baguette or sourdough bread, lightly toasted], title: Salad with Poached Eggs and Bacon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 34081: {instructions: Cook 1 cup brown rice in a pot of salted boiling water for 30 minutes drain. Melt 12 stick butter in the same pot. Add 12 cup finely broken thin spaghetti, some chopped almonds and raisins, curry powder, salt and pepper cook 3 minutes. Stir in the rice and sliced scallions.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Curried Brown Rice Pilaf, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 34082: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the peppers, tomatoes and 5 garlic cloves on a baking sheet, drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until the peppers and tomatoes are slightly charred and the garlic is golden brown. Transfer to a food processor with the chipotle puree and process until smooth scrape into a bowl.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook until golden brown on both sides. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the sliced garlic and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the red pepper flakes and cook for 20 seconds. Stir in the rice and cook for 2 minutes.nAdd the vodka and cook until reduced. Add the tomatopepper puree and enough stock to cover, season with salt and bring to a boil. Add the chorizo and oregano, cover and cook for 10 minutes. Lift the lid, add the mussels, cover again and cook until the mussels have opened, discarding any that do not, and the rice is al dente and all the liquid is absorbed. Remove from the heat and let sit 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and stir in the lobster meat and crabmeat, fresh basil, parsley and green onions., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 4 plum tomatoes, halved, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, plus 3 cloves, thinly sliced, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons chipotle puree, depending on how spicy you like it, 12 ounces Spanish style chorizo, sliced in 14inch thick slices, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cups longgrain white rice, 12 cup vodka, 2 to 3 cups lobster stock, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 pound cultivated mussels, scrubbed, 2 steamed lobsters 1 12 pounds each meat removed, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions], title: Bobby Flays Fra Diavolo Jambalaya, picturelink: 9EtkHDQGK1P9ObkxC9295N39W59s9.}, 34083: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the beef on a sheet pan and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Spread the butter on with your hands. Sprinkle evenly with the salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for mediumrare.nRemove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the fillet thickly., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound fillet of beef, trimmed and tied, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper], title: Fillet of Beef, picturelink: YMaGmekpv2vUBE95Jb2Bi1ANsxkiny}, 34084: {instructions: Make the compote: Soak the prunes and tea bags in 1 cup boiling water, 20 minutes. Discard the tea bags.nTransfer the prunes and soaking liquid to a small saucepan. Add the sugar, salt, vanilla seeds and pod, lemon zest and cognac and cook over medium heat until syrupy, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the apples and pears and reduce the heat to low cover and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Cover and chill at least 2 hours or up to 1 week.nMake the pancake: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt the butter in a 12inch castiron skillet over medium heat. Transfer 2 tablespoons of the melted butter to a blender reserve the rest in the skillet off the heat. Add the eggs, salt and halfandhalf to the blender and blend. Add the flour and blend until smooth. Add the orange zest, orange juice and almond extract and blend.nHeat the skillet with the reserved butter over mediumhigh heat swirl to coat. Add the batter, transfer to the oven and bake until puffed and golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Reheat the compote, if desired discard the lemon zest and vanilla pod. Dust the pancake with confectioners sugar serve with the compote.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup pitted prunes, 4 black tea bags, 12 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out, 3 wide strips lemon zest, 12 cup cognac or brandy, 2 firm cooking apples such as Fuji, peeled and cut into wedges, 3 Bosc pears, peeled and cut into wedges, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup halfandhalf, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Souffle Pancake With ApplePear Compote, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 34085: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut a little caramel sauce on one plate and cocoa powder on another. Dip the edge of a martini glass first in the caramel, then in the cocoa powder.nPut the cognac, halfandhalf, sherry, Bitter Chocolate Syrup and Simple Syrup in a cocktail shaker and DRY SHAKE vigorously to mix the ingredients together well. Add ice and shake vigorously again. Taste for balance, singlestrain into the prepared glass, garnish with fresh nutmeg and serve.nMix the chocolate with 4 ounces warm water in a small bowl until melted.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [Caramel sauce, for the rim, Cocoa powder, for the rim, 1 14 ounces cognac, such as Hennessy VSOP, 1 ounce halfandhalf, 12 ounce oloroso sherry, such as Lustau, 12 ounce Bitter Chocolate Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Grated fresh nutmeg, for garnish, 4 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate 70 percent, such as Valrhona, 1 cup sugar], title: Chocolate Kiss, picturelink: d0sB4vS59QBJOWBF0DVt71VhFVTo5kG}, 34086: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the crepes: Whisk the eggs together in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Slowly add the melted butter and whisk until combined. Sift in the flour and salt and stir until combined. Slowly add in the milk. The batter should be runny. Strain the batter and let it rest, refrigerated, for at least 1 hour.nWhen you are ready to cook, put a little melted butter into a nonstick pan and put it over medium heat. Ladle the crepe batter into the pan tilting the pan while adding the batter to completely and evenly coat the bottom of the pan. This will take a little practice usually the first crepe gets scrapped. Once the edge of the crepe begins to pull away from the pan, after about 1 to 2 minutes, use a spatula to get under the crepe and use your fingers to turn it over. The crepe should be golden brown. Cook for 1 minute on the other side, remove it from the pan, and put it onto a plate. Repeat making and stacking crepes, adding more butter to the pan as needed, until all the batter has been used.nMake the bechamel: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Stir in the flour and cook for 3 to 4 minutes to cook out the raw flour flavor, but do not let it brown. Pour in the milk, whisking constantly to avoid lumps. Season with salt, lower the heat to medium, and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cheese. Keep warm.nFor the filling: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the asparagus and blanch for about 1 minute, just enough time to set the color but not to overcook it. Immediately plunge the asparagus into a bowl of salted ice water to stop the cooking. When the asparagus is cool, drain and cut it into 1inch pieces, keeping the tips aside.nHeat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and shallots and cook until the shallots are soft, about 5 minutes. Pour in the wine and let it reduce by half. Add the chicken, tomatoes and chopped basil and cook until they are warmed through, about 3 minutes. Add the asparagus and 1 cup of the reserved bechamel. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nLay a crepe on your work surface. Spoon a couple of tablespoons of the chicken mixture down the center of the crepe. Roll up the crepe like a cigar. Repeat with remaining crepes and filling. Alternately, spoon the filling mixture over 1 half of the crepe, fold the crepe in half, then in half again to form a triangle.nTo serve, put 2 crepes onto each serving plate. Spoon some of the bechamel sauce over the crepes and garnish with the reserved asparagus tips and some basil leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, 2 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher salt, 12 cup grated Gruyere, 1 bunch asparagus, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 shallots, sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups cooked chicken, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped basil, plus more leaves for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Basic Crepes, picturelink: JpOjDfqGSKfqlaKRlkLXutU9n1z6Ks2}, 34087: {instructions: Combine tuna, onion, parsley and olive in medium bowl.nWhisk together olive oil, peel, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pour about 23 dressing over the tuna mixture toss to evenly coat. Pour remaining dressing over the greens, in another bowl toss to evenly coat.nDivide tuna mixture among wraps. Top with 112 cups greens and tomato slices. Roll up wraps., ingredients: [2 cans 6 oz. each light chunk tuna in water, drained well, 14 cup finely diced DOLEu00ae Red Onion, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, 14 cup chopped Kalamata olives, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups DOLEu00ae Sweet Baby Lettuces, 4 large wholegrain wraps or flour tortillas, 2 large Roma tomatoes, sliced into 12inch rounds], title: Mediterranean Tuna Wrap, picturelink: eZq5MCMNjv3ULhMWyGjYVK8QyFVaNWi}, 34088: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the water to a boil. Add the couscous in a stream. Stir once. Remove from the heat. Cover and let stand until the couscous is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Mix in 2 tablespoons of the sugar. Cover tightly and set aside.nScrub one of the oranges under running water and pat dry. With a vegetable peeler, remove the zest, being careful not to peel away any of the white pith. Finely mince the zest. Set aside.nSqueeze the oranges to obtain about 34 cup of juice. Strain through a mediummeshed sieve into a small saucepan. Over medium heat, boil down the juice until it has reduced to about 2 tablespoons, and has the consistency of molten honey, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the Cointreau. Set aside.nPeel the mango and cut the flesh away from the seed. Cut half into thin wedges and coarsely dice the rest. Set aside.nIn a chilled metal bowl, whip the cream until soft peaks form. Fold in the vanilla and the remaining sugar. Refrigerate 1 cup of the whipped cream for serving. In a medium bowl, combine the rest of the whipped cream with the yogurt and the diced mango. Refrigerate.nBefore serving, combine the yogurtmango mixture with the couscous. Spoon equal amounts into 6 parfait glasses or small bowls. Top each dessert with a generous dollop of the reserved whipped cream and mango wedges. Drizzle with orangeCointreau sauce, sprinkle with minced orange zest, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup water, 34 cup couscous, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 juice oranges, preferably Valencia, 2 tablespoons Cointreau or other orangeflavored liqueur, 1 ripe mango about 1 14 pounds, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, chilled, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 8ounce container vanilla yogurt], title: Couscous Mango Mousse, picturelink: 00C9QfhV6pqhVJvLjknSJ5b7vf8PtKq}, 34089: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle 1 tablespoon of oil over the endive, radicchio and romaine, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the lettuces until they are crisptender and browned in spots, turning occasionally, about 6 minutes. Coarsely chop the lettuces, then toss them in a large bowl with the remaining oil and vinegar. Season the salad, to taste, with more salt and pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 heads Belgian endive, halved lengthwise, 1 large head radicchio, cut into 6 to 8 wedges, 1 head romaine lettuce, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Grilled Lettuces, picturelink: H2Zv9G79RVQg26EBusN22IHKTNJBOe}, 34090: {instructions: Rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness and dry them. Quarter tomatillos and in a blender puree with jalapenos, coriander, and water until very smooth. In a bowl, stir together tomatillo mixture, onion, and salt. Salsa may be made 10 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salsa to room temperature before serving. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [8 tomatillos, husks discarded, 2 fresh jalapeno chiles with seeds, chopped, 1 small handful fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry, 14 cup water, 12 small white onion, chopped fine, 14 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste, 1 bag tortilla chips], title: Tomatillo Salsa and Chips, picturelink: null}, 34091: {instructions: Press store bought shells into a 9 inch tart pan. Place a sheet of parchment paper over the top. Add 2 cups of beans. Bake shell for 10 minutes, remove parchment and beans and bake another 5 minutes until set.nBoil sugar and water until it bubbles and changes color. Scald cream in separate pan. Add the hot cream to the hot sugar mixture. Let new mixture boil a few minutes together. Wait until cool. Beat egg and yolk together and add to the cooled cream. Add melted butter and vanilla. Pour walnuts into the tart. Pour mixture over that. Bake tart at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes.nOnce cooled boil water and place metal bowl on top creating a double boiler effect. When boiling turn off heat. Melt chocolate heat from steam will melt chocolate and spoon it over tart by drizzling it back and forth., ingredients: [113 cup sugar, 13cup water, 1 cup cream, 1 egg yolk, 1 egg, 2 oz. melted butter, 1 tsp. vanilla, 112 cups walnuts, 2 9inch storebought pastry shells, 2 cups of beans, parchment paper, 8oz. chocolate bar], title: Walnut Tart, picturelink: null}, 34092: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir the first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl to blend. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the oil. Season mixture with salt and pepper and set aside.nLay the flank steak flat on the work surface. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture evenly over the steak to cover the top evenly. Starting at 1 short end, roll up the steak as for a jelly roll to enclose the filling completely. Using butchers twine, tie the steak roll to secure. Sprinkle the braciole with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the braciole and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Add the wine to the pan and bring to a boil. Stir in the marinara sauce. Cover partially with foil and bake until the meat is almost tender, turning the braciole and basting with the sauce every 30 minutes. After 1 hour, uncover and continue baking until the meat is tender, about 30 minutes longer. The total cooking time should be about 1 12 hours.nRemove the braciole from the sauce. Using a large sharp knife, cut the braciole crosswise and diagonally into 12inchthick slices. Transfer the slices to plates. Spoon the sauce over and serve.nIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add celery and carrot and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, basil, and bay leaves and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pot and simmer for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and taste for seasoning. If sauce tastes too acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, to round out the flavor.nPour half the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and then pour 1 to 2 cup portions into plastic freezer bags. Freeze for up to 6 months.nPrep Time: 15 minutesnCook Time: 1 hour, 10 minutes, ingredients: [12 cup dried Italianstyle bread crumbs, 1 garlic clove, minced, 23 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 13 cup grated provolone, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 12pound flank steak, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 14 cups Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, or storebought marinara sauce, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 4 to 6 basil leaves, 2 dried bay leaves, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Braciole, picturelink: 6UqENxp5bkS0fVkgSMcauv8fgvQD8aa}, 34093: {instructions: Sauce: Beat the egg whites until stiff and set aside.nPut the egg yolks into a bowl and place over a pot of warm water. Beat with an electric mixer until they are light and creamy. Remove from the heat. Add the mustard and a pinch of fresh ground salt and pepper and continue beating gradually adding 14 cup oil, drop by drop. If the mayonnaise should curdle and lose its bulk add some of the beaten egg white. Continue to add the remainder of the oil so that the mixture is smooth and creamy. Add the boiling water. Set aside. Have several little bowls ready for mixing use. To 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise in a bowl, add the garlic and mix together. Place on a fondue sauce tray.nPlace 1 heaping tablespoon of mayonnaise into each of 6 small bowls and add to one, gherkins and capers. In the second bowl, parsley. In a third, tarrragon and chervil. In a fourth bowl the curry powder. In the fifth tomato paste and brandy. Sixth bowl the anchovies. The seventh bowl should be the flaked almonds, without mayonnaise. Pour these sauces into the fondue sauce trays. Remove all bones from the fish. Cut the fish into bitesize pieces. Heat the oil in the fondue pot and set the fish cubes attractively on a serving platter. Place a piece of fish on a skewer and dip it into the oil for 1 to 2 minutes and then dunk into the various sauces., ingredients: [2 eggs, separated, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup oil, 1 teaspoon boiling water, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 sweet gherkins, chopped, 2 teaspoons capers, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped, Pinch tarragon, Pinch chervil, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon brandy, 3 anchovy fillets, small dice, 1 teaspoon flaked almonds, 12 shrimps, peeled, 4 ounces turbot, 4 ounces sole, 4 ounces salmon, 4 ounces scallops], title: Fische Fondue Speciality of the Hotel St. Gotthard, picturelink: null}, 34094: {instructions: In a medium pot, bring the cream, milk, and buttermilk to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Simmer gently for a few minutes until the milk solids rise to the surface and form what looks like a raft. Shut off the heat and allow the milk to rest and cool gently on the stove, 15 to 20 minutes.nLine a strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth. Use a large spoon to scoop the solids from the surface into the strainer. Pour the liquid gently over the solids in the strainer, allowing the liquid to flow through the strainer and trapping the solids in the cheesecloth. The liquid is the whey and can be used to thicken soups or as a substitute for water in bread dough, among other things. Refrigerate for a few hours to allow all of the liquid to drain out and the ricotta to firm up slightly. Use the ricotta as desired., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 3 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups buttermilk], title: Homemade Ricotta, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 34095: {instructions: Preheat the grill or, alternatively, the oven to 350 degrees FnIn a large skillet, reduce the red wine by half over medium heat and whisk in the confectioners sugar. When the mixture thickens slightly, gently stir in the blackberries and simmer, 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside.nPut the ricotta in a separate bowl. Grate a little orange zest about 1 teaspoon over the ricotta, add a pinch of salt and stir to blend.nSpread an even layer of the ricotta on the pizzas and place on the grill to warm them. Alternatively, bake for 3 to 5 minutes in oven. Warm the blackberry mixture. Note: if the blackberry liquid is thin, strain the blackberries out and reserve them. Reduce the liquid until thick and mix it back in with the blackberries. Top the pizzas with the fruit and serve immediately. Dust with additional powdered sugar, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups red wine, 13 cup confectioners sugar plus additional for dusting, if desired, 2 pints fresh blackberries, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 12 orange, zested, Kosher salt, 2 baked 6inch pizzas without topping], title: Fruit Pizza, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 34096: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift together flour, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder into a bowl and set aside. In a large bowl mix the oil, sugar, and buttermilk. Add eggs, food coloring, vinegar, vanilla, water, and mix well. Add the dry ingredients a little bit at a time and mix at low speed until combined. Dont over mix the batter or it will become tough. Line your cupcake pan with paper liners of your choice and use a spoon to scoop the batter into the liners. Bake for about 20 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Let them cool.nUsing an electric mixer, combine the butter and cream cheese until smooth. Mix in the vanilla. Slowly add the sugar while mixing. The frosting will become thicker as you add the sugar. Add as much or as little sugar as you prefer. It really depends on how sweet you like your frosting to be., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons purple food coloring, 1 14 teaspoon salt, Blue food coloring, 1 14 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 14 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 cup water, Scant 1 12 cups sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 to 3 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Platinum Velvet Cup Cake Recipe, picturelink: null}, 34097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, add the beets and the apricot juice. Cover and cook on medium high for 10 minutes. Add the vinegar and honey and cook for another 10 minutes. Pull off of the heat and keep covered for an additional 5 minutes., ingredients: [20 baby beets, scrubbed, 2 cups apricot juice, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Glazed Baby Beets, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 34098: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the chiles with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until blistered on all sides and soft, about 12 minutes. Remove the chiles from the grill, place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let sit 15 minutes. Peel, stem and seed the chiles. Slice the chiles and set aside.nMake 4 looselypacked burger patties by tossing some of the meat from hand to hand. press your thumb into the center of each patty to make a little well. At this point, you can chill or even freeze the burgers briefly so that they hold their shapes better when cooked. Brush with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on both sides and cooked to medium doneness, about 8 minutes. Top each burger with 2 slices of cheese, close the cover of the grill and continue cooking for about 30 seconds or until the cheese just melts. Put the buns on the grill, cut side down and grill until slightly charred, about 15 seconds. Place the burgers on the bottom half, put a few slices of the poblano on top of the cheese and cover with the burger tops., ingredients: [3 poblano chiles, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 ounces ground chuck, 8020, 8 thin slices aged provolone cheese, 4 sesame seed buns, sliced in 12], title: Green Chile Burger with Crunchy Avocado Salad, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 34099: {instructions: In a 12inch saute pan with lid combine soy, brown sugar, ginger and star anise. Bring to boil and reduce heat to low simmer. When at very gentle simmer, add the salmon skin side down liquid should almost cover the fillets. Slosh liquid over the fillets and cover the pan. Poach for 6 to 8 minutes no more than 8, fillets should be medium rare in center. Remove fillets and keep warm. Bring liquid to boil and reduce to half should be light and syrupy. Spoon some sauce on plate and put a fillet on top. Drizzle a little sauce on fillets, garnish with chives or scallions., ingredients: [2 15ounce bottles low sodium soy sauce, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, Small handful of whole star anise, 1 12 to 2 pounds salmon illet  thick end cut into 4 pieces when ready to cook, Chive stems or sliced scallion stems, for garnish], title: Soy Poached Salmon, picturelink: null}, 34100: {instructions: Spread the bread with the butter and with a 2inch scalloped cutter cut into 12 rounds. Arrange the salami, the cheese, and the bell pepper decoratively on the bread, spoon small dollops of the mustard onto the canapes, and press the onions into the mustard. The canapes may be made 30 minutes in advance and kept covered and chilled. Arrange the canapes on a platter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 thin slices of salami, cut into 12 2inch scallopedged rounds, 14 pound Vasterbotten cheese or sharp Cheddar, sliced thin and cut into twelve 1 12inch rounds, 36 1 12inch long julienne strips of red bell pepper, About 2 tablespoons Swedish sweet mustard, 12 drained bottled cocktail onions, 6 slices of rye bread], title: Cheese Canapes, picturelink: null}, 34101: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Sear the chicken in the olive oil on both sides until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate.nAdd the anchovies and garlic to the hot pan, using your wooden spoon to break up the anchovy, and saute until the garlic is fragrant and the anchovy is melted. Add the onions, carrots and celery, and saute until tender and just beginning to turn golden. Add the white wine and stir well until the sharp smell of the wine is cooked off, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their juices along with the olives, and give a good stir. Add the chicken pieces to the skillet, making sure they are just covered by the tomatoes, flipping to coat with the sauce. Cover with a lid and simmer on low for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [12 pieces chicken a mix of white meat and dark pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 oilpacked anchovy fillets, 3 cloves garlic, cut in quarters, 2 small red onions, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 4 fresh bay leaves, 34 to 1 cup red wine try a nice Chianti, 2 12 cups chopped Roma tomatoes, with their juices, 12 cup black pitted olives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 34102: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in order and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Contents will stay fresh for up to 1 month stored in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 small jar apple jelly, 1 small jar pineapple preserves, One 3ounce jar dry mustard, One 8ounce jar fresh ground horseradish], title: Mancis Antique Club Jazebel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34103: {instructions: COMBINE milk, pudding and yogurt in medium bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until well combined.nADD peanut spread mix until smooth. Place into a serving bowl refrigerate. Serve dip with fresh fruit, crackers andor wafers., ingredients: [1 34 cups fat free skim milk, 1 1.4 oz. package reduced calorie instant chocolate pudding and pie filling, 1 6 oz. container low fat vanilla yogurt, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Reduced Fat Peanut Spread, Assored fresh fruit such as banana slices, chunks of pineapple, strawberries and grapes, Graham cracker sticks or vanilla wafers], title: Peanutty Chocolate Dip with Dippers, picturelink: gltVMUOf54yNP08DSABSv7mTWlM2q0m}, 34104: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook until al dente. Drain and toss with olive oil, to keep them from sticking, and let cool.nMeanwhile, make the tomato sauce. Heat the oil, sliced garlic, red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir as the oil heats up once it shimmers, add the crushed tomatoes, 34 cup water and the basil. Bring to a high simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly and the water has evaporated, 15 to 20 minutes will be about 1 cup. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nArrange the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium heat until brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove and finely chop when cool enough to handle.nCombine the bacon, beef, pork, breadcrumbs, onion, parsley, grated garlic, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, eggs, 1 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl. Use your hands to thoroughly combine.nAdjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and brush with oil. Combine the mozzarella and Parmesan.nShape half of the meatloaf mixture into a 9 by 5inch rectangle in the center of the prepared baking sheet. Make a slight indentation down the center and fill with 12 cup of the cheese mixture. Top with the remaining meatloaf mixture and pat to form a loaf with a slightly rounded top, making sure to pinch and seal the sides.nTop the meatloaf with onethird of the sauce and sprinkle with onethird of the remaining cheese mixture. Lay 4 lasagna noodles, crosswise and slightly overlapping, over the meatloaf, completely covering. Top with another onethird each of sauce and cheese mixture. Repeat with the remaining noodles, sauce and cheese.nBake until the meatloaf reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, 40 to 45 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley and let cool slightly. Slice and serve with dollops of ricotta., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 sheets dried lasagna noodles about 6 ounces, 1 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for tossing and greasing, 2 cloves garlic, 1 thinly sliced and 1 finely grated, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, One 14ounce can whole peeled plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 2 to 3 fresh basil sprigs, 5 slices bacon, 12 ounces ground beef chuck, 12 ounces ground pork, 1 cup plain dried breadcrumbs, 12 small yellow onion, grated, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 large eggs, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded partskim mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Ricotta, for serving], title: Meatloaf Lasagna, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 34105: {instructions: Add diced potatoes to a large bowl filled with cold water. Set aside.nBring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Add chicken, reduce heat to a simmer and allow to poach about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate to cool. Continue to simmer the broth, adding the bouillon until reduced by half, about 10 more minutes. Dice the chicken when cooled.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and the celery cooking until translucent, 2 minutes. Stir in the flour and whisk until it forms a roux. Add the Italian seasoning and pepper cook for 3 more minutes.nWhisk the roux into the broth and bring back up to a boil. Drain the potatoes. Add the potatoes and the chicken to the broth over low heat. Stir in the frozen vegetables. Place a lid on top and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in cream and a pinch of sea salt and cook for 5 more minutes.nPreheat the oven as directed on the pie crust package.nLay the pie crust on a baking sheet and place into the oven. Cook according to package instructions, or until the pie crust is golden brown. When the crust has cooled, break up into pieces.nLadle the soup into bowls and garnish with the pie crust., ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 quarts water, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, split, 1 tablespoon bouillon flavoring, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 small white onion, diced 14 cup, 2 stalks celery 12 cup, diced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 12 pounds frozen mixed vegetables, 1 cup heavy cream, Pinch sea salt, 1 storebought pie crust], title: Chicken Pot Pie Soup, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 34106: {instructions: Pour sake over ice cream and garnish with fresh fruit and chocolate shavings, ingredients: [1 scoop ice cream or sorbet of choice, 1 tablespoon sake, Sliced fresh fruit and chocolate shavings], title: Hakusan Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 34107: {instructions: Bring large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Cook pasta according to package directions.nIn a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat, add olive oil. Add onion, garlic, Italian seasoning mix and red pepper flakes, if using. Sir frequently and cook until the onions are soft and fragrant, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add sausage and cook for 1 minute. Add can of crushed tomatoes, stirring all the ingredients together to combine. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste and let simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in heavy cream and mix well.nDrain the pasta and add directly to the skillet with the sauce Toss the pasta to coat with the sauce. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and garnish with basil leaves. Serve with the cheesy garlic bread.nFor the cheesy garlic bread:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle cheese and Italian seasoning over garlic bread half. Place on tinfoil lined baking sheet and cook in the oven for 10 to 12 minutes, until the cheese is melted and bread is warmed through. Slice and serve.nUse the leftover garlic bread from this recipe to make Garlic Bread Pizza., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning mix, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flake, optional, 4 Italianstyle hot pork sausages, cut into 12inch slices, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup heavy cream, Basil leaves, for garnish, 12 storebought garlic bread save other half for Pizza, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning mix], title: Penne Pasta with Sausage and Cheesy Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 34108: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Slit the skin of each nut with an X to allow the steam to escape as they cook.nPut nuts on a baking sheet, and roast in the oven for about 15 minutes. When nuts are cool enough to touch, grasp the curling skin, and peel., ingredients: [2 pounds chestnuts in shells], title: Roasted Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 34109: {instructions: Assemble the watermelon and honeydew melon on a platter. Top with the feta cheese and drizzle with honey. Tear the mint leaves over the salad and sprinkle lime juice over the top. Sprinkle with the sumac. Serve., ingredients: [1 small seedless watermelon, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 small honeydew melon, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, optional, 1 8ounce block feta cheese, cut into 12inch cubes or coarsely crumbled, 1 tablespoon honey, such as buckwheat, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon sumac, for sprinkling, see Cooks Note], title: Watermelon, Feta and Mint Skewers with Sumac, picturelink: Ywlu3XMeGJ3.cG0jeFhv1fFZp1pZke}, 34110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all the ingredients into a saucepan over medium heat and simmer until the cranberries burst and the sauce thickens, about 15 to 20 minutes. Serve at room temperature or cool and refrigerate. Remove the cinnamon stick before serving., ingredients: [Two 8ounce packages cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 orange, zest cut into strips and juiced, 12 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick], title: CranberryOrange Sauce, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 34111: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix the potatoes, egg, and milk together until combined. Add the flour, season with salt and pepper, and mix until smooth. Heat 2 teaspoons oil on a nonstick griddle over medium heat pour about 13 cup of the batter onto the warm griddle, gently spread it to a circle about 4 wide, and cook, flipping once, until golden brown, 34 minutes per side. Transfer to the oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the red pepper and cook until softened, about 4 minutes more. Add the turkey, gravy, and corn and cook, stirring, until turkey is heated through. Season hash with salt and pepper, stir in the parsley, and keep warm over low heat.nHeat the remaining teaspoon of oil on the griddle over mediumhigh heat. Crack the eggs onto the griddle and cook until desired doneness. To serve, put a warm potato cake on each of 4 plates top the cakes with a fried egg and divide the hash evenly among them., ingredients: [1 cup leftover mashed potatoes, at room temperature, 1 large egg, plus 4 for frying, 14 cup milk, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon finely chopped sage, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 5 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 small onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 8 ounces diced leftover turkey meat, about 2 cups, 12 cup leftover turkey gravy, 14 cup leftover cooked corn kernels, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Potato Cakes with Fried Eggs and TurkeyRed Pepper Hash, picturelink: DIVj0akkaQRjyQ.9EEGZ1mPLOFhWlX2}, 34112: {instructions: Cut corn from cobs. Measure out 8 cups of corn in a 10 quart Dutch oven pot. Combine corn and water. Bring to boil and reduce heat. Simmer, covered for 5 minutes. Drain corn. In same Dutch oven combine with corn, red and green peppers and onions. Stir in vinegar, sugar, mustard, salt and black pepper. Bring to a boil. Boil gently, uncovered for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir together cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water. Add this mixture to corn mixture. Cook and stir until slightly thickened and bubbly. Cook for 2 minutes more. Ladle relish into hot sterilized jars leaving 12inch headspace. Remove any air bubbles. Wipe jar rims and adjust lids and rings. Process in hot boiling water canner for 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 ears fresh corn, 2 cups water, 1 12 cups green pepper, chopped, 1 12 cups roasted red pepper, chopped, 1 cup onion, chopped, 2 12 cups vinegar, 1 34 cups sugar, 4 teaspoons dry mustard, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons pickling salt, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water], title: Corn Relish, picturelink: null}, 34113: {instructions: Make the banana bread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter one 9by5inch loaf pan or three 6by3inch mini loaf pans.nWhisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg in a large bowl. Add the chocolate chips.nWhisk the eggs, melted butter, yogurt, vanilla and orange zest if using in a medium bowl. Stir in the mashed banana. Fold the banana mixture into the flour mixture until just combined.nSpread the batter in the prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 55 minutes for a standard loaf or 35 to 40 minutes for mini loaves. Cool 30 minutes in the pans on a rack, then turn out onto the rack to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, cocoa powder, milk, vanilla and salt in a bowl. Pour over the cooled banana bread and let set, 15 to 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled or 12 cup vegetable oil, plus more for the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 large eggs, 12 cup plain yogurt or sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest optional, 1 cup mashed banana, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt], title: Banana Bread With Chocolate Chips and Chocolate Glaze, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 34114: {instructions: Add the greens, cherries, pecans, cheese and apples into a large salad bowl.nMix the olive oil, Dijon, maple syrup and vinegar in a small jar and sprinkle with and salt and pepper. Put the lid on the jar and shake well to mix.nPour a little of the salad dressing over the top of the salad and toss to combine. Taste the salad and add more dressing to taste., ingredients: [12 ounces salad greens spring mix, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup pecan halves, 6 ounces blue cheese chunks, 2 whole apples, cored and sliced very thin, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon heaping Dijon, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Apple, Pecan and Blue Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 34115: {instructions: Bring 2 cups of water to a boil in a small pot. Add the bulgur and quinoa and simmer for 10 minutes. Transfer the grains to a finemesh strainer and hold under cold water to stop the cooking. Let the grains drain in the strainer for 15 minutes, then spread them out on a thick layer of paper towels to absorb any extra moisture. Meanwhile, coarsely grind the flaxseeds in a spice grinder, just to break them open.nStir together the warm water, agave and yeast in a measuring cup or small bowl. Let sit until a small layer of foam develops at the top, 3 to 5 minutes. If this doesnt happen, discard and try again with new yeast.nWhisk the flour and 12 teaspoon salt together in a medium bowl add the foamy yeast mixture and olive oil and mix together with a stiff rubber spatula. When the dough starts to come together, mix in the cooked grains, ground flaxseeds and sunflower seeds form the dough into a uniform ball in the center of the bowl. Be sure to scrape and use any dough stuck to the sides. The dough will be very sticky at this stage. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and keep in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, about 2 hours.nLightly dust a baking sheet with flour. Sprinkle a generous amount of flour on a clean, dry work surface. Scrape the dough onto the floured surface and knead for a couple of minutes, working in just enough flour to make the dough less sticky but still moist to the touch. Flour your hands periodically to prevent sticking. Form the dough into one single ball or divide it into smaller balls. Place the dough balls on the prepared baking sheet. Cover loosely with plastic wrap or a dish towel and let the dough rest for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, the dough can be shaped and cooked as desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons wholegrain bulgur, 2 tablespoons quinoa, 1 tablespoon flaxseeds, 34 cup warm water 100 to 110 degrees F, 1 teaspoon agave syrup or honey, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 12 cups white wholewheat flour 6 ounces, plus more for kneading, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon toasted sunflower seeds], title: WholeMultigrain Pizza Dough, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 34116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the apples on a flat surface. Cut the cheeks from the apple, to remove the core. Cut into fairly thin, but not too thin, slices. Put them in a bowl and add the lemon zest and juice and the orange zest and juice. Toss to coat the apples, then add the molasses, 12 teaspoon salt, the cinnamon, ginger, and the nutmeg. Toss to blend.nIn another bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar and remaining 34 teaspoon salt. Add the butter to the bowl and break it up with your fingers integrating the flour with the butter. Spread it out on a plate or small baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to use.nButter the bottom and sides of a shallow rectangular baking dish approximately 13 inches long and 9 inches wide with the remaining tablespoon of butter. Add the apples and top with the butterflour mixture. Put the dish in the center of the oven and bake until the apples are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. The topping should be golden brown as well, about 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool a few minutes before serving. To serve, garnish with additional lemon zest and ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [About 3 pounds or 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, plus 1 lemon, zested for garnish, optional, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon powdered ginger, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons lightly salted butter, cut into cubes, plus 1 tablespoon for baking dish, Ice cream, for serving], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: PqpWxeuBa00k5EsNahe4BJFK77tRs36}, 34117: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat the beans, adding a little more water if necessary to make a nice soupy consistency. When the beans are very hot, add the salt and pepper and taste for seasoning. Remove from the heat and serve in large shallow bowls, drizzling each portion with a little dende oil, a little crema, and scattering some cilantro around the edges of the plate.nWhisk the cream and buttermilk together. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot light is fine for 8 hours. Crema may be kept in the refrigerator as long as a week., ingredients: [4 cups refried black beans, quite soupy, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dende oil see Note, 13 cup Crema recipe below, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk], title: Brazilian Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 34118: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace everything but the mint leaves in a blender and puree. Strain through a fine chinois or strainer. Chill. Serve in chilled martini glasses with juilenned mint., ingredients: [1 cantaloupe, peeled, seeded, and cubed, 14 cup dark rum, 14 cup cream, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoon orange juice concentrate, 4 mint leaves, julienned], title: Cantaloupe Soup, picturelink: Qbbx2aK3QqagRy9mrVirxjMEf4F7TBm}, 34119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the melon, spinach, grapes, orange juice, bananas, yogurt, almond butter and dates in the carafe of a blender and puree until smooth.nFill an ice pop mold with the smoothie mix, add the sticks and freeze overnight., ingredients: [1 12 cups diced honeydew melon, 1 cup loosely packed baby spinach, 1 cup green grapes, 34 cup orange juice, 12 cup sliced bananas about 1 small, 13 cup vanilla yogurt, 2 tablespoons almond butter, 2 dates, pitted], title: Smoothie on a Stick, picturelink: IoxkpnHPSfkrXWIvXCWRzIG9CP49oCG}, 34120: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, combine the roasted peppers, lemon zest and juice, garlic, green onions, olive oil, crushed red pepper and some salt and black pepper. Pulse until well combined.nPour half of the marinade over the shrimp and toss well. If desired, marinate the shrimp in the refrigerator for up to 30 minutes.nPrepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat. Oil the grill grates.nRemove the shrimp from the marinade and transfer to the grill. Grill on both sides until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side the shrimp should be pink and firm.nTransfer the remaining marinade to a saucepan with 14 cup water. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nTo serve: Make a small salad with arugula and mixed greens in the center of each plate. Top with grilled shrimp, and drizzle over the sauce. Scatter feta cheese and green onions over the top., ingredients: [Two 12ounce jars roasted red peppers, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 5 cloves garlic, 12 bunch green onions, chopped, plus more for topping, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus for oiling the grill grates, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cups arugula, for plating, 4 cups mixed greens, for plating, One 12ounce brick feta cheese, cut into 1inch cubes], title: Eddies Grilled Shrimp and Roasted Red Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 34121: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 disposable pie tinsnPour 2inches of vegetable oil into a large skillet. Place skillet over large burner and heat oil over medium high heat. To check if the oil is hot enough, drop in 1inch cube of white bread. The bread should brown in a 40 count.nCut cod into 4 servings, 6 to 8ounce portions and season with salt and pepper. Place a couple of scoops of flour in a pie tin. Combine egg and water in second tin. Season plain bread crumbs and mustard and cayenne in the third tin. Coat fish in flour, then egg, and then bread crumbs. Gently set coated fish into hot oil and fry 5 minutes on each side until medium golden brown in color.nWhen the fish is evenly golden all over, remove and drain on brown paper sacks.nSuggested: 3 disposable pie tins ., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 to 2 pounds fresh cod, Salt and pepper, 1 2 cup allpurpose unbleached flour, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons cold water, a splash, 2 cups plain bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon dried mustard powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, a few pinches, Wedged lemons and malt vinegar for topping], title: Fish Fry, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 34122: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor lightly process olives, pepperoncini, garlic and cheese until it resembles paste. Set aside. Clean food processor and puree sundried tomatoes. Add butter and pulse until smooth. Set aside.nLay veal medallions flat. Divide and spread olive paste over each medallion. Layer provolone, prosciutto and roasted red pepper on top of veal. Fold veal in 12, place in freezer for 30 minutes to firm up. Beat egg. Dredge veal in flour, place in egg wash, and roll in bread crumbs. Saute in olive oil until golden brown. Finish in oven for 20 minutes.nServe with tomato butter over top., ingredients: [6 green olives, 3 pepperoncinis, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon grated Romano, 14 cup sun dried tomatoes, 1 stick butter, 2 6ounce veal medallions, pounded thin, 2 slices provolone, 2 slices prosciutto, 1 roasted red pepper, halved, 1 egg, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs], title: Veal a la Mike, picturelink: null}, 34123: {instructions: Place the lentils in a large bowl and fill with cold water. Massage the lentils with your hands to remove any dirt or debris. Rinse the lentils a few times until the water runs clear. Thisnmay require several rinses. Soak the lentils in lukewarm water for approximately 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the onions and tomatoes to a large pot and cook over medium heat until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Add the olive oil and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Make sure the onions do not get too dark. Add the berbere and continue to cook until the berbere is fully combined with the onion and tomato mixture, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water and cook the tomato, onion and berbere mixture until it reduces and begins to stick to the pan, about 10 minutes. Using a wooden spoon, scrape the bottom of the pot to bring up the stuck tomatoes and onions. Add another 1 cup water and allow the mixture to reduce again for another 10 minutes. Scrape the bottom of the pot. Add 1 cup water more, reduce again for 10 minutes then scrape the bottom of the pot Adding and reducing 3 times will give your lentils a rich and layered flavor. Be sure not to step away from the pot during this process. As Azla says, Misir wot has jealous tendencies and wants your full, undivided attention from start to finish.nStrain the soaked lentils in a colander and allow them to drain for a few minutes. Meanwhile, add 8 cups water to the pot and bring to a rolling boil. Add the lentils, reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thick and the lentils are tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Finish with the ground nutmeg and sea salt to taste. Serve with injera or your favorite whole grain., ingredients: [3 cups red lentils, 3 medium yellow onions, finely chopped, 3 small tomatoes, cored and chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons berbere Ethiopian Spice Mix, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Sea salt, Injera or your favorite whole grain, for serving], title: Misir Wot Spicy Red Lentils, picturelink: PriiI14b4ycoQ9NtWjP6Z.8RloTn02}, 34124: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil and unsalted butter in a saucepan over mediumlow heat until it reaches 220 degrees F. Reduce the heat to low, add the shallots, and cook until they are a rich golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes. The temperature should stay below 260 degrees F. Stir the shallots occasionally to make sure they brown evenly. Remove them from the oil with a slotted spoon, drain well, and spread out to cool on paper towels. Once they have dried and crisped, they can be stored at room temperature, covered, for several days.nPeel the turnips to remove the waxy skins and cut them into generous 1inch chunks. Place them in a saucepan with water to cover and 1 teaspoon of salt. Bring to a boil and simmer, covered, until easily pierced by a paring knife, about 35 minutes. Drain.nIn a separate saucepan, heat the milk and salted butter over low heat until the butter has melted and the milk just begins to simmer.nPuree the turnips in several batches in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. With the motor running, add the melted butter and milk in a steady stream. The turnips should be smooth.nReturn the puree to the saucepan, season with 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper, and reheat, stirring, over medium heat. Serve piping hot, sprinkled generously with crispy shallots., ingredients: [1 12 cups light olive or vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 to 6 shallots, peeled and sliced into thin rings, 2 large yellow turnips rutabagas, about 4 pounds total, Kosher salt, 1 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons 34 stick salted butter, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Yellow Turnips with Crispy Shallots, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 34125: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch casserole dish.nHeat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter has melted.nShred the potatoes and add to a medium bowl. Pour the butteroil mixture over the potatoes, add 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, and stir to combine. Set aside.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Add the spring onions and garlic stir, and cook until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the ground beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned. Stir in 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and the chili powder.nAdd the tomatoes, beef broth and flour. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Reduce the heat further and stir in the peas and Cheddar cook until the cheese is melted. Transfer to the prepared casserole dish.nEvenly cover the top of the casserole with the grated potato mixture and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Bake, uncovered, until crisp on top and bubbling, about 20 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus for buttering casserole dish, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 russet potatoes, Kosher salt and black pepper, 4 spring onions or 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and roughly chopped, 3 pounds 8020 ground beef, 14 cup chili powder, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 2 cups beef broth, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups fresh or thawed frozen peas, 12 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, grated, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Shepherds Pie with Tater Tot Topping, picturelink: MIA4X.bguJKoGRdEIrhXoDl0SF2zce}, 34126: {instructions: Season steaks with salt. Press pepper on surfaces.nHeat oil in large heavy skillet over high heat. Add steaks. Lower heat to medium cook, turning once, 4 minutes per side for rare, 6 minutes per side for mediumrare, and 8 minutes per side for welldone. Remove to warm platter keep warm.nAdd onion to skillet cook until browned, stirring, 2 minutes. Add half the rosemary, half the garlic and cook, stirring, 20 seconds. Add wine. Increase heat to high boil vigorously 2 minutes. Add broth, sugar and meat juices that have collected on platter. Boil 10 minutes more or until liquid is reduced by half, about 1 cup. Add remaining rosemary and garlic. Pour over steaks and serve., ingredients: [4 boneless strip steaks 3 pounds total, 1inch thick, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 1 cup canned condensed beef broth, 12 teaspoon darkbrown sugar], title: Strip Steak with Rosemary Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: yI0o8KCHegXCervd.kF6BncQYucteK}, 34127: {instructions: Cut 3 rhubarb stalks into 14inch pieces. Transfer to a small baking dish and toss with 12 cup sugar and a pinch of salt. Roast at 350 degrees F until soft, about 25 minutes. Stir in 14 teaspoon vanilla extract. Serve over ice cream or pound cake.nPhotograph by Paul Sirisalee, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Rhubarb Compote, picturelink: VazNixTLX9ZGlYTtXSqWcj5cmIArSO}, 34128: {instructions: In the bottom of a mixing bowl combine the oils, vinegar and Dijon mustard. Pass the garlic through a press into the dressing and season it well with salt and pepper. Add all the ingredients but the pine nuts and toss to blend. Adjust the seasoning add a bit more of whatever you think the salad needs.nTop each portion of salad with the pine nuts., ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon style mustard, Large garlic clove, peeled, 1 pound penne or medium sized pasta shells, boiled until al dente, drained, rinsed, cooled and patted dry, 3 cups cooked 1 cup uncooked French whole green lentils, cooled and patted dry, 1 cup grated carrot, 12 cup sliced scallions, 1 cup finely diced celery, 1 cup finely diced red or yellow bell pepper, 12 cup each chopped flat leaf parsley and fresh basil, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, left whole if small or halved, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, optional], title: Summer Pasta and Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 34129: {instructions: Mix the flours in a bowl and make a well in the middle. Beat the eggs, olive oil and 6 tablespoons cold water in a measuring cup and pour into the well. Stir with a fork.nCut the dough into 6 pieces wrap 5 pieces in plastic. Roll out 1 piece into a 12by 18inch rectangle on a floured surface about 18inch thick.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, 5 minutes.Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature, about 30 minutes.nCut crosswise into 12inchwide strips, then cut the strips in half. Toss the pasta with flour on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup buckwheat flour, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Pizzoccheri, picturelink: null}, 34130: {instructions: Place a small sauce pot over medium low heat and melt 2 tablespoons butter in it. Whisk in a rounded tablespoon of flour and cook 1 minute or so. Whisk in milk and bring to a bubble then drop heat to low. Season the sauce with salt, pepper, nutmeg and Dijon. When sauce coats back of a spoon, turn off heat.nHeat 1 tablespoon of butter in each of 2 medium nonstick skillets, both over medium low heat. When butter melts add 2 large eggs to the first skillet, keeping the whites separate from each other. To the second skillet add 2 slices bread and toast lightly on first side then turn the bread. Top turned bread liberally with sauce and 2 slices of the ham and the Swiss cheese on each slice of bread. Use a spatula to transfer the eggs to the tops of the open faced sandwiches. Cover the pan with foil and turn off heat. Let pan stand 5 minutes to melt cheese and set sauce and eggs.nTop sandwiches with chopped herb or herbs of choice and serve. Spoon any leftover sauce over top of the eggs before garnishing., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 rounded tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, Salt and pepper, 18 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons Dijon style mustard, 2 slices white bread, 2 large eggs, 4 slices deli ham, 4 slices deli Swiss cheese, Chopped parsley leaves, chives or thyme leaves, for garnish  choose from any or all on hand], title: Croque Madame, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 34131: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 skewersnPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. In a small saucepan set over medium heat, melt the butter and garlic together. Brush the corn with the butter mixture and reserve the remaining butter for a later use. Grill the corn until slightly charred and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the heat, then cut the kernels from the cobs and place in a large bowl. Stir in the arugula, cilantro, oil, parsley, tarragon, avocados, blackeyed peas, jalapenos, lime juice and onions.nThread the shrimp onto the skewers, 4 per skewer, and brush with the reserved garlic butter. Sprinkle the shrimp with the paprika and some salt and pepper and then grill until pink and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nSeason the salad with salt and pepper, then transfer to a serving plate and place the shrimp skewers on top of the salad to serve., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick salted butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 ears corn, husked and cleaned, 2 cups arugula, chopped, 12 cup lightly chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup lightly chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 avocado, pitted and diced, One 14ounce can blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 1 jalapeno, diced, 1 lime, juiced, 12 red onion, diced, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left on about 16 shrimp, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Shrimp and Corn Salad with Herb Lime Dressing, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 34132: {instructions: Press cloves into orange slices. Combine ingredients in a large pot and simmer for 20 minutes., ingredients: [12 gallon apple cider, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 orange, cut into 12inch slices, 6 cloves], title: Mulled Cider, picturelink: null}, 34133: {instructions: Cut zucchini into 14inch thick rounds. In a colander, toss slices with salt, top with a weighted plate, and let sit 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together vinegars, sugar, oil, garlic, oregano and pepper flakes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 30 minutes.nRinse zucchini in running water, drain on paper towels and carefully pat dry. Divide into 12 piles. Heat oil in a wok to 375 degrees. When oil is hot, add one batch of zucchini and fry, turning each slice several times, 1 minute or until light brown. Scoop up zucchini with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels, blotting well to absorb excess oil. Repeat until all zucchini is cooked. Remove garlic cloves from dressing. In a bowl gently toss zucchini with dressing. Let salad cool to room temperature and serve immediately or refrigerate up to 24 hours. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [6 4inch long zucchini 2 to 2 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons salt, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 34 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 small garlic cloves, smashed, 34 teaspoons oregano, 12 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 4 cups olive oil], title: Fried Zucchini Salad, picturelink: null}, 34134: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat the sugar and shortening in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add 13 cup chopped caramel corn and the egg and mix with a wooden spoon until well combined. Stir in the almond extract, flour, baking powder, baking soda and the remaining 23 cup caramel corn. Stir in the oats and coconut.nDrop spoonfuls of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup caramel corn, chopped, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup quickcooking oats, 12 cup sweetened flaked coconut], title: Caramel Corn Cookies, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 34135: {instructions: Pulse 2 chopped English cucumbers, 2 cups fresh lemon juice about 16 lemons, 1 12 cups chopped fresh mint and 1 cup sugar in a blender, stirring as needed, until combined. Puree until smooth, about 1 minute. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a pitcher, pressing the solids with the back of a spoon. Stir in 3 cups water. Serve over ice., ingredients: [], title: CucumberMint Lemonade, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 34136: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the marinade ingredients.nIn a large bowl, combine half the marinade with the chicken breasts, chicken thighs, and shrimp. Toss to combine. Cover and let marinate for at least 1 hour. If marinating for longer than 1 hour, make sure to refrigerate.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush the corn with reserved unused marinade and wrap in foil. Toss the mushrooms with 14 cup of the reserved unused marinade. Grill the chicken breasts and thighs to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 7 minutes a side. Grill the corn inside the foil, for about 5 minutes a side. Grill the peppers for about 5 minutes a side. Grill the shrimp and the mushrooms, about 2 minutes a side. Brush the grilled peppers with the last of the reserved unused marinade. Slice the peppers and mushrooms before serving, if desired.nArrange grilled meats and vegetables over the saffron orzo on a large platter and serve immediately.nIn a large pot, bring the chicken stock to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low, bringing the stock to a simmer. Add the saffron, stir, and allow the saffron to bloom, about 5 minutes. Return the heat to medium and the stock to a boil, then add the orzo and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain orzo and transfer to a large bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper, and parsley. Toss to combine., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, from about 5 lemons, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons smoked salt, or kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 12 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 ears corn, husked and cut into thirds, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, wiped clean, 1 red bell pepper, halved and cored, 1 yellow bell pepper, halved and cored, 1 orange bell pepper, halved and cored, Saffron Orzo, recipe follows, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 pound dried orzo, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Grilled Meats and Vegetables over Saffron Orzo, picturelink: 7d5uslXbI2v9qYfZHfcl0DSL17SVM6}, 34137: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes, cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until just tender, about 6 minutes drain.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a large castiron skillet over medium heat add the potatoes and spread into a single layer. Cook, undisturbed, until they start browning on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and sprinkle with the paprika flip the potatoes and cook 5 more minutes. Stir once, then continue cooking until the potatoes are mostly golden brown, about 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, roughly chop the garlic, pile the parsley on top and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt. Chop and mash together until finely minced. When the potatoes are done, add the garlic mixture to the skillet and toss to coat cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds large red bliss or Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 clove garlic, 14 cup fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Garlic Home Fries, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 34138: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush trout on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, skinside down, until slightly charred and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Carefully turn each fish over and continue cooking until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove from the grill and top each with 2 tablespoons LemonParsley Butter. Garnish with parsley sprigs and lemon wedges and serve.nMix all ingredients together in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before using., ingredients: [Four 1pound trout without head, scaled, gutted, and butterflied skin on, Olive oil or canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, LemonParsley Butter, recipe follows, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Butterflied Trout with LemonParsley Butter, picturelink: PeDvgp4P.kClOtQYcv93l6UwZJMlQ06}, 34139: {instructions: Rub duck breasts with salt, pepper, and ground sage. Grill on each side for 6 to 7 minutes. Serve sliced over Wild Rice Stuffing. Serve with Cumberland Sauce on the side.nBoil rice in stock until cooked but not too mushy. Drain. In a separate pan, saute vegetables in butter. Combine rice, Sauteed vegetables, grapes, sherry, and seasoning.nScald rinds and their juice in boiling water for 1 minute. Set aside. Heat jelly, port, vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt, and pepper in a pot, stirring until bubbling. Add the scalded juice and rind to the sauce. Add the cornstarch mixture and let boil and thicken., ingredients: [4 boneless duck breasts, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon ground sage, Wild Rice Stuffing, recipe follows, Cumberland Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup wild rice, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 12 onion, dice small, 1 cup thickly sliced mushrooms, 3 stalks celery remove leaves, cut into small dice, 1 cup seedless grapes, 14 cup dry sherry, 12 teaspoon salt, Dash pepper, 2 lemons, slivered rind and juice, 2 oranges, slivered rind and juice, 2 8ounce jars red currant jelly, 1 cup port, 14 cup tarragon vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 tablespoon water, to thicken], title: Boneless Duck Breast with Cumberland Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34140: {instructions: Rinse loins and pat dry. Cut loins into 6 to 8ounce pieces. Sprinkle a liberal amount of kosher salt on all surfaces of the albacore. Coat fish with light brown sugar and work kosher salt and sugar in all crevices. Smoke the albacore at 170 degrees F for 2 12 to 3 hours using a combination apple and oak wood chips., ingredients: [2 to 4 Pacific albacore loins, Kosher salt, Light brown sugar], title: Smoked Albacore Loin, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 34141: {instructions: Using a mediumsize skillet, begin by heating the mustard. Add the brown sugar, sugar, hot sauce, vinegar, peppers, Worcestershire sauce, ketchup, and tequila. Mix all of the ingredients well and heat but do not bring to a boil. Once the sauce is well mixed, serve with you favorite meats or store, refrigerated, in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 ounces yellow mustard, 1 ounce brown sugar, 1 ounce sugar, 1 ounce hot sauce, 1 ounce balsamic vinegar, 2 ounces seeded and diced hot peppers, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 ounces ketchup, 1 ounce tequila], title: Deforest Gibbs Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 34142: {instructions: Soak 20 wooden skewers in water for about 20 minutes. Rinse the calamari tubes and pat dry. Split the bodies from top to bottom so you have 2 triangular pieces. Thread a soaked skewer through the length of each piece. Put the skewers on a platter and set aside. To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the oil, vinegar, garlic, dried and fresh oregano, thyme and lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Pour 12 of the vinaigrette over the calamari set the other 12 aside while you make the salad.nIn a large bowl, add the tomatoes, onion, cucumber, cheese, olives, and romaine. Pour the remaining vinaigrette over the salad and toss to combine. Let marinate while you grill the calamari.nHeat the grill or a grill pan and oil it lightly. Grill the calamari for 2 minutes on each side, no longer or they will be tough. To serve, put the salad onto a large platter and top it with the calamari skewers. Garnish with fresh oregano leaves and lemon wedges., ingredients: [20 wooden skewers, 10 small whole calamari, cleaned, tentacles removed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tomatoes, seeded and cut into chunks, 1 medium red onion, sliced thin, 1 medium cucumber, sliced thin, 12 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 1 head romaine lettuce, torn into bite size pieces, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Fresh oregano leaves, for garnish], title: Classic Greek Salad Topped with Grilled Calamari Skewers, picturelink: kwQgbkLBDLLaFXvdk3HPEwlh3ghQ6na}, 34143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the potatoes: Mix the spices in a small bowl. Wash and dry the potatoes. Poke several times around each potato with a fork. Rub evenly with the olive oil and sprinkle evenly with the spice mixture. Place on a baking pan and bake until cooked through and the skin is crispy, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from oven, halve and, with a small spoon, scoop out the potato, leaving about 18inch of flesh in the skin. Reserve the skins and chop the potato flesh.nFor the filling: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil. When hot, add the chorizo and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Add the onions and saute for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the red bell peppers, olives and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more. Deglaze the pan with the tequila, cooking until the liquid is absorbed. Remove from the heat and stir in the cilantro and reserved potato flesh to combine.nPlace the potato skins in a pie pan or similar baking dish, nesting them against each other. Fill each half with 1 12 tablespoons of the chorizo mixture, top with the cheese and return to the oven. Cook until cheese is starting to melt and they are heated through, 5 to 6 minutes. Garnish with chopped cilantro and serve hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 5 small red potatoes about 1 pound total, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 10 ounces Mexicanstyle chorizo, casing removed, 12 cup small diced red onion, 12 cup small diced roasted red bell peppers about 1 pepper, 14 cup green olives, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup white tequila, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus extra for garnish, 14 cup grated Manchego cheese], title: Chorizo Stuffed Reds, picturelink: PMBlwehInAaVihQ8ShU0PcsiEI6MVZS}, 34144: {instructions: Combine I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, brown sugar and cinnamon in small bowl. Spread on hot bread.nTIP: The spread can be doubled and made ahead. Store covered in refrigerator.nFor an extra special twist, cut toast in strips and dip in maple syrup.nNutrition Information Per Serving:nCalories 220, Calories From Fat 70, Saturated Fat 2g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 8g, Cholesterol 0mg, Sodium 290mg, Total Carbohydrates 30g, Sugars 10g, Dietary Fiber 4g, Protein 7g, Vitamin A 8, Vitamin C 0, Calcium 6, Iron 8, ingredients: [112 Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, 1 Tbsp. firmly packed dark or light brown sugar, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 4 slices whole grain bread, toasted], title: Easiest Ever French Toast, picturelink: 07XLJlOiVfIj87YqL6yk9WY28SoldFO}, 34145: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper. Using an electric mixer, beat the butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt in a large bowl until fluffy. Beat in the egg. Add the flour and mix just until a dough forms.nFit a pastry bag with a large star tip, and fill the pastry bag with the cookie dough. Pipe the dough onto the prepared baking sheets into stars, spacing 1inch apart. If desired, press about 4 miniature chocolate chips into the center of each star at this point. Bake the cookies until they are pale golden around the edges and on the bottom, about 15 minutes. Cool the cookies for 5 minutes. Using a metal spatula, transfer the cookies to a rack and cool completely.nWhen the cookies have cooled, spoon approximately 14 teaspoon of preserves atop the flat side of 1 cookie. Press a second cookie onto the preserves. Repeat with the remaining cookies and preserves. Can be made 2 days ahead. Store between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container at room temperature.nCooks Notes: Alternately, the cookies can be made into thumbprint cookies. To do so, refrigerate the dough until it is cold, about 2 hours. Roll 2 teaspoons of dough for each cookie into 1inchdiameter ball. Place the cookies on the baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Make a deep indentation in the center of each cookie by pressing the back of a teaspoon into the cookies. Fill each indentation with 12 teaspoon of strawberry or raspberry preserves or chocolate chips, and bake as directed.nA chilled chocolate ganache may be used in place of the preserves to fill the indentations in these cookies. To do this, do not fill the indentations before baking the cookies. While the cookies bake, make the ganache by mixing equal parts of warm cream and chocolate until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth, then chill the ganache. Once the cookies have baked and cooled, and the chocolate ganache is cold and firm but still spreadable, spoon or pipe the chilled ganache into the empty indentations on the cookies., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup miniature chocolate chips, optional, 12 cup strawberry, raspberry or other fruit preserves], title: Italian American Cookie Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 34146: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8inch square metal cake pan with parchment.nIn large bowl, whisk together 4 tablespoons melted butter and the melted chocolate. Blend in granulated sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, and vanilla. Whisk in egg. Then stir in flour. Spread in pan and bake for 15 minutes, remove and leave oven on.nHeat 12 cup butter and 34 cup of the brown sugar in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Boil for 2 minutes. Pour over brownie base and bake 7 minutes more. Remove from oven and sprinkle with milk chocolate, let sit 5 minutes, and spread to cover the top. Dust with ground almonds and then pecans. Sprinkle with salt. Press down pecans. Cool, then freeze 30 minutes before cutting. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 12 cup butter for toffee, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, plus 34 cup for toffee, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large fresh egg, slightly beaten, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup chopped quality milk chocolate, 2 tablespoons ground almonds, 1 cup chopped roasted and salted pecans, 18 teaspoon Maldon or other sea salt crystals], title: Sweet and Salty Double Nut Toffee Brownie Bars, picturelink: null}, 34147: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the potatoes into 1inch cubes and place them in a large pot. Cover the potatoes with cold water and add enough salt so the water tastes quite salty. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 10 to 12 minutes, until the potatoes fall apart easily when pierced with a fork.nMeanwhile, heat the milk and butter in a small saucepan, making sure it doesnt boil. Set aside until the potatoes are done.nAs soon as the potatoes are tender, drain them in a colander. Place a food mill fitted with a small discblade over a glass bowl. Process the potatoes through the food mill, turning the handle back and forth to force the potatoes through the disc. As soon as the potatoes are mashed, slowly whisk in enough of the hot milkbutter mixture to make the potatoes very creamy. Add 2 teaspoons of salt and the sour cream and pepper and whisk to combine. Taste for seasoning and serve hot., ingredients: [3 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 34148: {instructions: With gloved hands, flake the fish into a bowl, removing the skin as you go. Add the mayonnaise, sour cream, parsley, seafood seasoning and pepper, and mix gently. Add the lemon juice and toss once again to mix. Plate in a terrine and sprinkle with the chopped chives as garnish. Serve with crostini., ingredients: [1 pound fresh local boneless trout fillets, smoked, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, Crostini, for serving], title: Smoked Trout Dip, picturelink: cAFWLhdRZW9zlocIr17QKDPCYEoPv7S}, 34149: {instructions: Heat grill to medium. Combine all spice ingredients in a medium bowl.nBrush chicken on both sides with the oil and season with salt. Rub 1 side of each breast with some of the jerk seasoning. Place the chicken on the grill, rub side down and grill until slightly charred and the rub has formed a crust, about 5 minutes. Turn the chicken over, brush the top side with some of the HabaneroMint Glaze and continue cooking until just cooked through, brushing with more of the glaze every few minutes. Remove from the grill to a serving platter, brush with more glaze and let rest 5 minutes. Serve with Mango Relish on the side.nPlace vinegars and habanero in a medium nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the sugar and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is completely melted and the mixture has thickened and reduced by about half. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender, add the mint and blend until smooth. Season with salt and let the glaze cool to room temperature.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth.nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving to allow flavors to meld. May be prepared and refrigerated, covered, up to 1 day ahead. Bring to room temperature 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon habanero powder, 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper, 2 teaspoons dry thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 4 bonein, skinon chicken breasts 8 ounces each, Canola oil, Kosher salt, HabaneroMint Glaze, recipe follows, Mango Relish, recipe follows, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 2 cups white wine vinegar, 1 habanero chile, 3 cups sugar, 12 cup packed fresh mint leaves, coarsely chopped, Salt, 1 large mango, peeled, pitted and finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno or serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey depending on the sweetness of the mango, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jerk Chicken with HabaneroMint Glaze and Mango Relish, picturelink: null}, 34150: {instructions: In a large, heavybottomed pot, heat oil and kernels, uncovered, over high heat until first pop. Cover and remove from heat for 1 minute. Return to high heat and shake until popping ceases. Sprinkle with salt and shake to distribute evenly. Measure 2 quarts of popcorn, and reserve.nIn a saucepan, carefully combine the sugar and water then add the corn syrup and butter. Bring to a boil and cook to soft crack stage. Pour over 2 quarts of popcorn and mix gently but thoroughly with a wooden spoon. Wearing gloves or baggies, mold into balls around popsicle sticks., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 tablespoons popcorn kernels, 12 tablespoon salt, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup light corn syrup, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Elsies Easy Popcorn Balls, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 34151: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the milk and cream and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside. In a large, heavy skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the brown sugar, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and cook 5 to 7 minutes, stirring constantly, to caramelize the mixture. Youll smell a characteristic nuttycaramel odor when the butter browns, signaling that the mixture is ready. Whisking constantly, gradually add the butterbrown sugar mixture to the hot milkcream mixture. If the mixture is not smooth, blend for 20 seconds with a hand blender or pour through a fine sieve. Put the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Whisk in about 12 cup of the hot milk mixture. Whisk in the cornstarch and salt until dissolved. Whisk in the cornstarch mixture back into the hot mixture in the saucepan. Whisking constantly, cook over mediumhigh until thick and just boiling. When the mixture thickens, the whisk will leave trail marks on the bottom of the pot and the mixture will have a few large bubbles boiling up to the top. Turn off the heat and whisk in the vanilla extract. Pour into 6 to 8 custard cups, ramekins, or mugs and chill, uncovered, at least 2 hours or overnight. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 14 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, packed, 3 egg yolks, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Butterscotch Pudding, picturelink: null}, 34152: {instructions: A simple pork loin is transformed when the tangy zest of citrus is paired with sweet peaches for this scrumptious dishnPeach Salsa: In a small bowl combine the peaches, fruit zests, jalapenos, cilantro, green onions, jam and 12 teaspoon each of the garlic salt and pepper, mix, cover and chill.nPork Roast: Cut a lengthwise slit down the center of the roast to within 12inch of the bottom. Open the roast so it lies flat. On each half, make another lengthwise slit down the center to within 12 inch of the bottom. Open roast and flatten.nWith a spoon, spread the peach salsa on the surface of the meat covering it completely but leaving about an inch at each end uncovered. Roll up the roast lengthwise from long side very tightly and tie in 3 or 4 places with the string. Let the meat sit in refrigerator for 20 minutes.nBrush the outside of the roast with olive oil and sprinkle with the remaining salt and pepper.nPlace the roast on a welloiled grill on mediumhigh heat or a 350 degree Fahrenheit oven cook for 1 hour and 20 minutes or 20 minutes per pound or until a meat thermometer inserted into the pork reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees. Turn several times during the cooking time.nMove meat to a large platter or cutting board and let the tenderloin rest, covered with foil, for 15 minutes. Remove the foil, discard the string and slice meat into 12inch slices.nServe with one can 22 ounces BUSHSu00ae Southern Pit Barbecue Grillin Beans., ingredients: [4 medium peaches, finely diced, skin on, 2 teaspoons orange zest, grated, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, grated, 1 teaspoon jalapenos, finely minced, 4 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 6 green onions, white and green parts thinly sliced, 12 cup peach jam, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, divided, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 4pound boneless pork loin roast, Butcher or kitchen string, 12 x 12 sheet aluminum foil, Olive oil, 1 can 22 ounces BUSHSu00ae Southern Pit Barbecue Grillin Beans], title: Peach Salsa Stuffed Pork Loin, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 34153: {instructions: Add the tequila, citrus juices, and sugar to a cocktail shaker and shake well to combine. Add mint leaves and fill the shaker with ice. Shake until frothy. Strain into 2 cocktail glasses filled with ice cubes. Garnish each with a sprig of fresh mint and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 to 4 ounces white or gold goodquality tequila, 1 orange, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, 10 mint leaves, washed, dried, and roughly torn, plus 2 mint sprigs, for garnish, Ice cubes], title: Citrus Tequila Cocktail, picturelink: sUKD6bmkqQInjpG7ppzfEQGP34JECua}, 34154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2inch circle cutternGenerously butter a large shallow baking dish and set aside. In a large saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Slowly pour in the polenta and the salt, whisking constantly with a wire whisk. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until thickened and smooth, about 20 to 25 minutes. Fold in the corn, Parmesan, and parsley. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh. With a 2inch circle cutter, cut the chilled polenta into circles. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until golden brown. Arrange the polenta on a platter and spoon the vinaigrette over. Sprinkle with chopped parsley.nIn a blender, blend the vinegar, shallot, and mustard until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the walnut oil and 12 cup of the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into a medium bowl and set aside.nHeat the remaining 14 cup of oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the mushrooms from the heat and coarsely chop them. Fold the mushrooms into the vinaigrette. Spoon the vinaigrette over the grilled polenta., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 8 cups chicken stock or water, 2 cups polenta, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Morel Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup aged sherry vinegar, 1 small shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon walnut oil, 34 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound morel mushrooms, washed thoroughly and dried], title: Grilled Polenta with Morel Vinaigrette, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 34155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large braising pot over mediumhigh heat. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Sear the beef, browning it on both sides, about 5 minutes a side. Carefully add the stock and enough water to just cover the meat. Add the onion, celery, and bay leaf. Bring the liquid to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook for 1 hour. Add the carrots and potatoes and cook until the meat is tender, about another hour. Carefully lift out the meat, place on a cutting board, and cover with foil. Strain the vegetables from the stock. Discard the celery, onion, and bay leaf. Arrange the carrots and potatoes on a platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Continue cooking the stock uncovered over medium heat until reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, slice the meat against the grain, on an angle. Arrange the meat alongside the carrots and potatoes on the platter. When the stock has reduced, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer to a gravy dish. Serve the Bollito Misto with the gravy and bowls of the Gorgonzola Sauce and the Salsa Verde.nPut all the ingredients in a food processor and combine until smooth. Serve in a side dish.nIn a bowl, stir all the ingredients together until combined. Serve in a side dish., ingredients: [4 pounds beef brisket or top round, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups beef stock or broth, About 4 cups water, enough to cover the beef, 2 onions, peeled and quartered, 4 celery stalks, cut in 12, 1 bay leaf, 4 carrots, peeled and cut into thirds, 1 pound small boiling potatoes, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Gorgonzola Sauce, recipe follows, Spicy Salsa Verde, recipe follows, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped parsley leaves, about 1 bunch, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped capers, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, or 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: Bollito Misto, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 34156: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add milk, vanilla, and salt. Beat until just combined. Gradually add flour, cranberries, and pecans. Mix on low speed until fully combined.nDivide dough in half. Shape each half into 8inch logs, about 2 inches in diameter. Roll logs in coconut, pressing lightly to coat the outside of logs. Wrap logs in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a sharp knife, cut logs into 14inch thick slices. Transfer to ungreased baking sheets, about 1 12inches apart. Bake until edges are golden, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Store for up to 2 weeks in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract or rum, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup chopped pecans, 34 cup shredded unsweetened coconut], title: Cranberry Noel Cookies, picturelink: null}, 34157: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the raspberries to a bowl, sprinkle over the granulated sugar and raspberry liqueur and let steep 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the cream and powdered sugar to the bowl of a mixer and whip to soft peaks. Mash the raspberries with a fork, and then fold them into the cream.nSpoon the fool into individual glasses. Crush some ladyfingers on top. Top each with a sprig of mint and a whole raspberry, ingredients: [2 pints raspberries hold 6 raspberries back for topping, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons raspberry liqueur, 2 cups 1 pint heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 6 ladyfingers, 6 sprigs fresh mint, to decorate], title: Raspberry Fool, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 34158: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees. Put sweet potatoes and onions on a large baking sheet, drizzle with 2 tablespoons oil, toss to coat and spread out in a single layer. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast, turning occasionally, until potatoes begin to brown on corners and are just tender inside, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven keep on pan until ready to mix with dressing.nPut chilies in a blender or mini food processor along with garlic, lime juice, remaining olive oil and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. Process until blended.nPut warm vegetables in a large bowl with beans and bell pepper toss with dressing and cilantro. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Serve warm or at room temperature, or refrigerate for up to a day., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 large onion, preferably red, chopped, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons minced fresh hot chili, like jalapeno, 1 clove garlic, peeled, Juice of 2 limes, 2 cups cooked black beans, drained canned are fine, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Roasted Sweet Potato Salad with Black Beans and Chili Dressing, picturelink: null}, 34159: {instructions: For the syrup: Combine 1 14 cups water and the sugar in a small pot. Bring to a boil. Boil for 5 minutes, and then reduce the heat and let simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the lemon juice and pour into another bowl so that it cools down quickly. For the baklava: Preheat the oven to 360 degrees F. Brush a baking sheet with butter. Unroll one package of phyllo. Lay 2 sheets of phyllo down in the center of the baking sheet, and then drizzle with some butter. Repeat the layering 4 more times, each time allowing 2 to 3 inches of the phyllo to drape over one rim of the pan, until all 4 rims of the pan have been covered. Sprinkle with a thin layer of pistachios. Fold the draped phyllo over the pistachio and drizzle with more butter. Repeat the layering with the phyllo, butter and remaining pistachios until the first package of phyllo 24 sheets total is used up.nUnroll the second package of phyllo. Lay 2 sheets of phyllo dough onto the previous layers of baklava. Drizzle lightly with butter. Repeat layering phyllo and drizzling with butter until the second package of phyllo is finished. Dip a sharp knife into hot water and cut the baklava into rectangles. Brush the top liberally with butter.nBake the baklava for 15 minutes on a low rack in the oven, and then transfer to the top rack and bake for 15 minutes longer. For best taste, cool and let rest for 24 hours so that the syrup fully permeates the baklava., ingredients: [1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 pounds unsalted butter, preferably from sheep milk, melted and clarified, plus more for greasing, 2 packages frozen phyllo dough 24 sheet count each, thawed, 1 12 pounds pistachios, finely ground and sifted], title: Baklava, picturelink: null}, 34160: {instructions: Unwrap fish but leave it on the butcher paper. Season with salt and pepper on flesh side only. Sprinkle generously with flour, and then shake off the excess.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of olive oil over medium high heat until hot but not smoking. Place the fish in the pan skin side down. Cook until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the fish over and cook until the flesh is just cooked through and is no longer translucent, about 3 more minutes, depending on the thickness of your fish., ingredients: [1 14 pounds sea bass fillets, skin on, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, to coat fish, 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Pan Fried White Fish, picturelink: null}, 34161: {instructions: Roll out pasta dough 14inch thick. With a pizza wheel and ruler, cut into 14inch strips. Let the pasta dry a little, and then cut it into 14inch squares with a knife. Boil until tender. Drain.nIn a saute pan, heat the olive oil. Brown the onions, then add the garlic, carrots, parsnip, and mushrooms. Cook until barely tender. Add the pasta and heat through.nPut the flour in a mixing bowl, and make a well in the center. Mix in the rest of the ingredients to form a soft dough. Knead until elastic. Form into a disk and wrap with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour to relax., ingredients: [1 cup packaged egg barley or 12 recipe Egg Noodle Dough Varenikes, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1 carrot, cut into 14inch dice, 1 parsnip, cut into 14inch dice, 1 2 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced 14inch thick, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup water, Egg wash 1 egg mixed with 2 tablespoons water], title: Egg Barley: Farfel, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 34162: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the dry rub: Mix together the garlic, paprika, salt, pepper and cayenne in a small bowl.nFor the scallops: Trim the side muscle from the scallops, if not done already. Pat the scallops dry and sprinkle them on both sides with the dry rub. Wrap the scallops with the prosciutto so that only the top is showing. To do this, spread out a slice of prosciutto set a scallop on its edge and roll it up in the prosciutto, tucking prosciutto under one side as you go and leaving the other side exposed.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the canola oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter and sear the scallops on the prosciutto side for 1 to 2 minutes without disturbing, to ensure a good crust. Flip the scallops and cook on the scallop side for 3 to 4 minutes, or until opaque. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons butter to the pan and baste the scallops with the melted butter. Transfer the cooked scallops to a platter. Deglaze the pan with the white wine, whisking vigorously to emulsify stir in the chives and parsley, and season with salt and pepper. Spoon some of the pan sauce over the scallops serve any extra sauce on the side. Add a squeeze of lemon juice and serve., ingredients: [12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, 12 large sea scallops, 12 thin slices prosciutto, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved], title: PanFried ProsciuttoWrapped Scallops with White Wine Pan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34163: {instructions: A few days before you make the coffee, split the vanilla bean in half the long way, and place it with the sugar in a closed container. To make the coffee, warm 2 brandy snifters. Take the wedge of lime and run it around the edge of the glass to wet the rim. Dip it in the vanilla sugar. Pour the orange liqueur into the glasses and, one at a time, light it on fire and tilt the glass to caramelize the vanilla sugared rim. Douse the flame with a little coffee. In a copper saucepan place the almond liqueur, cognac and coffee liqueur and warm them. Divide them between the 2 snifters then top them off with more coffee. Garnish with whipped cream, chocolate shavings and a straw., ingredients: [Vanilla bean, 2 cups sugar, Wedge of lime, 1 12 ounces orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 12 ounce almond liqueur recommended: Amaretto, 1 ounce coffee liqueur, 1 ounce cognac, 1 12 cups coffee, Whipped cream, Chocolate shavings], title: Spanish Coffee, picturelink: null}, 34164: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all ingredients, except mint, into blender. Puree until well blended.nServe with sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 cup peeled, chopped Florida guava, 1 mango, peeled, chopped, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon coconut cream, 1 lemon, juice only, 2 cups lowfat milk, 12 cup crushed ice, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Guava and Mango Shake, picturelink: eMD5MXrnkUUMWZcZXalgD3cp2C5Uaie}, 34165: {instructions: Thoroughly wash the pork shoulder in cold water and pat dry. Cover the entire shoulder with a thin layer of the Old South State Paint using a basting brush. Coat the pork shoulder with the Pantherfanz RedZone Dry Rub. Refrigerate for 24 hours.nPrepare smoker heat to 300 degrees F. Place the pork shoulder in the smoker. Place a cast iron skillet underneath the pork filled 34 of the way with flat beer. Add more beer as it evaporates. Cook for about 2 hours.nWhen the internal temperature of the pork reaches 150 degrees F, reduce the temperature of the smoker to 225 degrees F and cook for an additional 3 hours. When the internal temperature of the pork reaches 175 degrees F, reduce the temperature of the smoker to 210 degrees F, and continue to cook the pork until it reaches an internal temperature of 190 degrees F. Serve with Carolina Border BBQ Sauce. Total cooking time averages 30 minutes a pound.nMix all together and refrigerate in an airtight container.nMix all ingredients together and store in an airtight container.nMix together all ingredients except the soy sauce and the butter. Place in a saucepot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add soy sauce and butter and reduce for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 to 14pound Boston butt pork shoulder, Old South State Paint, recipe follows, Pantherfanz RedZone Dry Rub, recipe follows, Flat beer, as needed, Carolina Border BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups Dijon mustard, 1 cup minced parsley leaves, 12 cup dried rosemary leaves, crushed, 14 cup coarsely ground black pepper, 34 cup Spanish paprika, 14 cup coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup salt, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 cup yellow mustard, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Pantherfanz BBQ Pork Shoulder, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 34166: {instructions: Add olive oil to a large skillet over high heat. Season stew meat with salt and pepper and sear on all sides.nPlace in a 4quart slow cooker. Add onion, green chiles, and bacon. Add seared stew meat.nIn a small bowl, whisk together tomato puree, Mexican seasoning, chili powder, salt and pepper and beef stock. Pour into slow cooker.nCover and cook on HIGH setting for 4 to 6 hours. Serve in bowls garnished with scallion, ingredients: [2 pounds beef stew meat, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 3 4ounce cans diced green chiles, 14 cup crumbled bacon, 1 cup tomato puree, 1 tablespoon saltfree Mexican seasoning, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 cup lowsodium beef stock, 1 scallion, sliced], title: Colorado Chili, picturelink: mMw2pKBf1gZwVPewQ8im4iTXNqZlW}, 34167: {instructions: Mash 6 hardboiled egg yolks, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard and 14 cup ranch dressing. Fill the egg whites with the yolk mixture. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce and top with chopped scallions.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Ranch Deviled Eggs, picturelink: A25OlSP.PYpQDhVTybxC.wfrAsoJoPq}, 34168: {instructions: In a small stock pot coated lightly with oil, saute the onions and ginger until soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season. Add thyme, sage, parsley, cilantro and stock. Bring to a simmer and reduce by only 10 percent. Add the meat and check for seasoning. Keep very hot in a soup tureen.nFor the fritters, mix the stuffing If large pieces, chop up a bit., corn, eggs and cheese. Heat a cast iron pan or other heavy bottomed pan with 1inch of oil to about 350 degrees. Gently drop a heaping tablespoon of the mixture into the oil. When brown, about 2 to 3 minutes, flip over. Drain on paper towels and season with a little salt.nPLATING Place fritters in individual warm soup plates. At the table, ladle the broth in the bowl. Enjoy.nBEVERAGE Whatever leftover wines one has from Thanksgiving, like gamay or chardonnay., ingredients: [Canola oil, for shallow frying, 1 large minced onion, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fresh minced thyme, 1 tablespoon fresh minced sage, 2 tablespoons fresh minced flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh minced cilantro, 1 quart turkey stock mire poix, thyme, garlic, Turkey carcass and wings, cold water, black peppercorns, bay leaf: simmered for at least 3 hours, strained, 1 cup shredded white meat, 1 cup shredded dark meat, 2 cups leftover stuffing, 1 cup blanched corn, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Turkey Herb Soup with Corn Stuffing Fritters, picturelink: null}, 34169: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8inch baking pan. Line the pan with a sheet of parchment paper, about 14inches long and 7inches wide, allowing the excess to overhang the sides. Set asidenIn a medium glass or stainless steel bowl, combine the condensed milk, cinnamon, and vanilla. Stir in the chocolate chips and butter. Put the bowl on a saucepan of barely simmering water and mix until the chocolate chips have melted and the mixture is smooth, about 6 to 8 minutes mixture will be thick. Using a spatula, scrape the mixture into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Sprinkle with salt, if desired. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours until firm.nRun a warm knife around the edge of the pan to loosen the fudge. Remove the fudge to a cutting board. Peel off the parchment paper and cut the fudge into 1inch pieces. Store refrigerated in an airtight container or freeze., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 pound about 2 cups bittersweet 60 percent cacao chocolate chips recommended: Ghiradelli see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, Kosher or flake salt, optional], title: CinnamonChocolate Fudge, picturelink: VYxVxkfwcPjAiVPEEPVOEiQkYtukRK}, 34170: {instructions: For the smoked salmon: Remove the blood line from the center of the salmon cut salmon into small cubes. Harvest only the egg whites from the hardboiled eggs and chop egg whites. Gently mix all the ingredients together in a mixing bowl reserve in the refrigerator. For the mixed greens: Mix together and reserve. For the crabmeat: Mix all the ingredients together reserve in the refrigerator. For the avocado mousse: Remove pit, peel and seed the avocados, then coarsely chop. Emulsify all the ingredients together in a blender. Adjust seasoning without over mixing, and reserve in the refrigerator. For the creme fraiche: Mix all the ingredients together reserve in the refrigerator. For the white balsamic dressing: Place vinegar, shallots, mustard and honey in blender puree, then slowly add oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. For the phyllo and brioche disks: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F 150 degrees C. Cut one of the phyllo sheets with a round cookie cutter to make 6 disks 3 to 312 inches in diameter. Brush the phyllo with clarified butter. Place on a baking sheet with a SILPATu00ae nonstick baking mat, and bake about 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Repeat the same procedure with the other phyllo sheet and with the brioche. To plate each serving: Using a round mold 3 to 312 inches in diameter, and starting with the brioche on the bottom, layer the salmon, the avocado mousse and the crabmeat. Garnish with the salmon roe and caviar. Place a quenelle dollop of creme fraiche on top of the salmon roe. Place the mold in the center of the plate and gently remove the mold, leaving the parfait in the center of the plate. Drizzle the white balsamic dressing in a halfmoon shape around the parfait. Scatter the mixed greens on the plate and on the top of the parfait. Roll the edge of the phyllo disk in paprika and place vertically on top of the creme fraiche quenelle dollop., ingredients: [1 pound smoked salmon fillet cleaned and trimmed, 5 hardboiled eggs chopped, 5 ounces light mayonnaise, 1 ounce capers chopped, 1 ounce fresh dill weed chopped, 1 ounce fresh chives chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 ounce micro herbs assorted, 12 ounce red shiso herbs, 1 can 1 pound lump crabmeat drained, 1 teaspoon lemon peel finely chopped, 2 ounces light mayonnaise, 1 ounce fresh chives chopped, 1 ounce fresh cilantro finely chopped, 1 ounce tomato concasse seeds and skin removed, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, To taste kosher salt, To taste white pepper cracked, 5 fresh avocados, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 212 cups creme fraiche, 1 ounce fresh dill weed finely chopped, 1 ounce fresh chives finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 cup white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon shallots peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 ounce honey, 5 ounces olive oil, To taste kosher salt, To taste black pepper cracked, 2 sheets phyllo dough, 1 ounce clarified butter, 6 slices brioche bread, As desired paprika, 3 ounces salmon roe, 1 ounce ], title: Smoked Salmon and Peekytoe Crab Parfait, picturelink: null}, 34171: {instructions: In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt. Make a well in the center. Whisk together the milk, eggs, and egg yolk in a medium bowl. Pour the milk mixture into the center of the well, slowly whisking in the flour from the sides of the well. Add 2 tablespoons clarified butter, and whisk to combine.nStrain the mixture through a fine mesh sieve into a mixing bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, and chill in refrigerator for 30 minutes.nRemove the batter from the refrigerator. Heat a 6inch crepe pan or nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush with clarified butter, and heat until very hot. Add a couple of tablespoons of batter, turning and swirling the batter in the pan to completely coat. Cook until brown on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the crepe with a spatula, and cook until golden brown on the other side, about 1 minute. Repeat with remaining batter. As you continue, you will need to use less butter in the crepe pan., ingredients: [1 23 cups pastry flour, not selfrising, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups milk, 8 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, melted, plus more for brushing pan], title: Crepes, picturelink: null}, 34172: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Soak the shallots in a bowl of cold water, 10 minutes. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden, about 7 minutes let cool.nMeanwhile, stack the roast beef slices and cut crosswise into 12inchwide strips. Cut the cheese into 1 12by 14inch sticks. Slice each head of endive lengthwise into 6 spears. Transfer the beef, cheese and endive to a large bowl.nMake the dressing: Drain the shallots, then transfer to a small bowl along with the parsley, tarragon, mustard, vinegar and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Whisk until combined. Drizzle in the olive oil, whisking until blended. Stir in the cornichons. Add the dressing to the bowl with the roast beef and toss. Divide among plates and top with the walnuts.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 34 pound thickcut deli roast beef, fat trimmed, 14 pound gruyere cheese, 5 heads endive, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup coarsely chopped cornichons or dill pickles], title: Roast Beef and Endive Salad, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 34173: {instructions: In a large pot, bring water to a boil and blanch plantains. Peel plantains and cut into 2inch segments.nIn a saute pan, heat oil and saute onions, peppers and tomatoes. When soft, add the chipotles and white wine. Cook until liquid is almost evaporated. Add crabmeat and cook for 3 minutes. Add cilantro and season with salt and pepper.nHeat oil to 350 degrees F. Fry plantains for 5 minutes, then drain and divide into 4 equal portions. Place each portion individually in a mortar, and mash plantains, adding chicken stock as needed. Coat sides of mortar with plantain and fill with crab stuffing. Fold over the edges to form a dumpling and flip onto a plate., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 4 green plantains, Oil, for sauteing, 1 white onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 14inch dice, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 14inch dice, 1 large, round tomato, cut into 14inch dice, 2 chipotles, chopped, 12 cup white wine, 1 pound crabmeat, cleaned, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, Canola or corn oil, for frying, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Puerto Rican Crabmeat Stew: Mofongo Puertorriqueno, picturelink: null}, 34174: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Cool and coarsely chop.n2. In a medium saucepan, combine the hazelnuts, milk, cream, sugar, nutmeg, and salt and place over medium heat. Allow the mixture to reach a bare simmer, remove from the heat, cover, and let steep 1 hour. Strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve and discard the solids.n3. Place the yolks in a large bowl and whisk until smooth. Pour in the strained milk mixture and whisk to combine. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until it thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon and registers between 170 degrees F and 175 degrees F on an instantread or candy thermometer, about 10 minutes.n4. Immediately strain the custard into a bowl. Set the bowl in a larger bowl of ice water and stir until cool. Refrigerate the custard until very cold, about 2 hours. 5. Freeze the custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. When just about frozen, add the Nutella, a spoonful at a time, churning after each addition to create flecks in the gelato. Transfer the gelato to an airtight container and freeze until firm, about 2 hours. Best if eaten within 3 days., ingredients: [1 12 cups skinned hazelnuts, 2 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 8 large egg yolks, 13 cup Nutella], title: Hazelnut and Nutmeg Gelato, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 34175: {instructions: If you like, make pretty ice cubes by putting a slice of kumquat in each square of a few ice cube trays. Fill with water and freeze.nStir together the chilled DoubleStrength Chai, rye whiskey and lemonlime soda. Serve, tumbling in your pretty ice cubes, if using.nCombine 8 cups water, the cloves, peppercorns, cardamom pods, cinnamon, star anise and ginger in a large saucepan or pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a low simmer, cover and let it go for 10 to 15 minutes.nBring the pot back up to a boil and add the black tea. Stir, turn off the heat and allow the tea to steep for 3 minutes. Dissolve the brown sugar in the hot tea mixture. Strain, and chill the chai in the fridge., ingredients: [Kumquats, optional, 6 cups DoubleStrength Chai, recipe follows, 32 ounces rye whiskey, 24 ounces lemonlime soda, such as 7UP, 1 tablespoon cloves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 32 green cardamom pods, Eight 2inch pieces Indianstyle cinnamon bark, 4 star anise pods, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, sliced thinly, 5 tablespoons loose leaf black tea, 1 12 cups dark brown sugar], title: Double Masala Chai Punch Bowl, picturelink: null}, 34176: {instructions: Remove stems and peel eggplants. Slice each lengthwise 14 inch thick. Lay out on a baking tray, slightly overlapping each other. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil over them and season with salt and pepper. Bake at 400 degrees for 10 to 12 minutes, until fairly soft. Bring 2 ounces lightly salted water and 1 tablespoon olive oil to boil. Add spinach and stir for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and drain. Later squeeze out all water. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium sized pot, add onion, garlic, fennel, bay leaves, thyme, and oregano. Saute a few minutes then add fresh tomatoes and basil and season to taste. Simmer uncovered for 15 minutes and strain tomato compote, reserve juices. In a lightly oiled baking dish cover the bottom with half of the eggplant, slightly overlapped, then all of the spinach. Add the tomato compote. Cover with the remaining half of the eggplant. Drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil and bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. Serve hot. Top with reduced juices of tomato compote, ingredients: [2 medium eggplant, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound spinach, wash and remove stems, 1 large onion, peeled and sliced thin, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 1 medium fennel, core removed and sliced thin, 2 bay leaves, 14 teaspoon each of dried or fresh chopped thyme and oregano, 6 large ripe tomatoes, large dice, 10 basil leaves, washed and sliced thin, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Vegetable Gateau, picturelink: null}, 34177: {instructions: Preheat an indoor or outdoor grill to medium heat. Put the olive oil in a small bowl or measuring cup. Slice the tomatoes 14 inch thick and spread them on a baking sheet or large tray. Put the scallions on the baking sheet. Brush everything on both sides with oil and season with salt over the top.nGrill the tomatoes, seasonedside down, until they develop dark grill marks, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip, brush with more oil, season again and cook until charred and tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife, another 3 to 5 minutes. Put the scallions on the grill and grill, flipping once, until charred in spots dont overdo it and tender when pierced in the white part, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the tomatoes and set aside. Remove the scallions and coarsely chop.nWhile the tomatoes and scallions are grilling, shape the dough. Oil two 12 by 15inch pieces of foil. Halve the pizza dough. Drape one half over your fist and gently tug and turn it, letting the weight of the edges help stretch it thinner, so that it makes a rough oblong. Then put it on the oiled foil and press, pull and push gently until it is very thin, and measures about 9 by 12 inches. Be sure to get the edges thin too, or they wont cook through on the grill. Repeat with the second piece.nBrush the dough with olive oil. Brush the grill grate with olive oil. Leaving the dough on the foil, flip them topsidedown onto the grill and peel the foil off. Cook until the dough just comes up from the grill without sticking, about 3 minutes, and then flip. Scatter a handful of cheese and then half of the tomatoes and scallions over each pizza. Top with the rest of the cheese. Cover the grill and cook, about 6 minutes. Give the pizzas a 45degree turn, cover and cook until the bottoms are deep golden brown, the cheese is bubbling and the dough is cooked through, another 6 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and serve., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 6 medium to large green tomatoes about 3 pounds, 12 scallions, Kosher salt, 1 pound storebought pizza dough, at cool room temperature, 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, grated about 2 12 cups], title: Green Tomato and Cheddar Pizza, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 34178: {instructions: In a food processor, process crackers, butter, sugar and cinnamon until crumbly. Press into 9 pie plate and chill until firm about 20 minutes.nIn a large bowl mix together the softened ice cream with the orange zest and pour into pie plate. Freeze until firm about 3 hours. Serve each slice of pie with some of the strawberries, ingredients: [20 graham crackers, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 cups frozen strawberries with sugar syrup, thawed at room temperature], title: Strawberry Ice Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 34179: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the dressing: Combine the lemon juice, anchovies, mustard, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and a generous grind of black pepper in a minifood processor and process until smooth. With the machine running, add the olive oil in a slow, steady stream to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing.nFor the croutons: Heat the olive oil in a small skillet over low heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until it is golden and begins to soften, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool, then remove and discard garlic.nPut the focaccia in a large bowl and drizzle with the garlic oil. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and several grinds of black pepper and toss well to coat all of the cubes in oil. Spread on a baking sheet and toast, tossing halfway through, until the croutons are lightly golden and crisp, about 12 minutes. Let cool.nTo assemble: When ready to serve, put the romaine in a large serving bowl and sprinkle with the grated ParmigianoReggiano. Add the croutons, drizzle with the dressing and toss well. Season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Use a vegetable peeler to shave shards of ParmigianoReggiano over the salad, toss gently again, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Juice of 1 large lemon, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 garlic clove, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and peeled, 4 cups cubed dayold plain focaccia, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 heads romaine hearts, trimmed and torn into bitesized pieces, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, plus 1 2ounce chunk], title: Ultimate Caesar Salad, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 34180: {instructions: In a medium microwavesafe bowl, microwave the pistachios on high for 1 minute to toast them. Allow to cool completely, about 10 minutes.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the cream cheese, Cheddar cheese, mayonnaise, and milk until smooth. Add the parsley, vinegar, garlic salt, onion powder, white pepper, salt, and dill. Fold in the pistachios.nTransfer to a serving bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour before serving with crackers or pita chips., ingredients: [1 cup shelled and chopped raw pistachios, 12 ounces cream cheese, softened, 16 ounces white Cheddar cheese, grated and at room temperature, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 teaspoons white vinegar, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon dry dill weed, Crackers or pita chips for serving], title: Pistachio Cheese Dip, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 34181: {instructions: Heat the milk to 100 degrees F, and then pour into a widemouthed thermos. Add the yogurt and mix thoroughly. Put the lid on, wrap the thermos in 2 or 3 thick towels and place in a warm, draftfree place overnight. Pour into containers with tight fitting lids and place into the refrigerator until the yogurt thickens., ingredients: [1 litre whole milk, 3 tablespoons lowfat yogurt], title: Homemade Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 34182: {instructions: Make the dressing: Heat a large pot with low sides or a large skillet and add the olive oil. Heat the oil and when it begins to smoke lightly, add the garlic and onions. Season with salt and add the red pepper flakes, cumin, ginger and coriander and stir to blend. Cook over medium heat until the garlic and onions become translucent, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the rice and stir to blend. Toast the rice with the onions and spices for a minute, and then add the chicken stock. Simmer over low heat until the rice is almost cooked, 16 to 18 minutes. Resist the temptation to stir the rice. Transfer the rice to a large bowl, flake with a fork and allow it to cool at room temperature for a few minutes.nFinish the dressing: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Stir in the slivered almonds, golden raisins, pear slices and the egg into the rice. Place into a rectangular baking dish, cover, and bake until golden and cooked through, 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 3 medium yellow onions, peeled and finely diced, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 3 cups basmati rice, rinsed under cold water, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup slivered almonds, lightly toasted, 12 cup golden raisins, 2 Bosc pears, peeled, quartered, cored and each piece cut into thin slices, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Basmati Rice Dressing, picturelink: null}, 34183: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Whisk to fully incorporate and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, mix together the egg, sugar, oil, vanilla and almond extracts. Add the wet to the dry and fully incorporate. Mix in the buttermilk and peanut butter. Once all the lumps are out, mix in 14 cup water.nPrepare a cupcake pan with nonstick spray and liners. Add batter to just over half full and bake until the cupcakes spring back when touched, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until light and fluffy. While its mixing, add bits of cream cheese, 2 to 3 ounces at a time until all the cream cheese is incorporated. Make sure to scrape down the bowl frequently. When you are satisfied that the butter and cream cheese are evenly mixed and there are no lumps, add the powdered sugar and mix to incorporate. When all the lumps are out, add the vanilla and food coloring and mix to incorporate.nFor the glaze: Combine equal parts seedless raspberry jam and water, heat in the microwave until liquid, stirring to make sure its fully combined.nFor the garnish: Roll the fondant out about 18to14inch thick. Cut out 12 circles, one for each cupcake. Allow the fondant to harden a bit, and then stamp the word bullying on all the circles. Use the red marker to make the circle and slash sign on top of the bullying word.nTo assemble: Core and fill the cupcakes with raspberry jam. Using a round tip, pipe small round balls of cream cheese frosting on the top of the cupcakes. Make a second layer of balls so the cupcake looks like it has a pile of dodge balls on top of it. Dip the top of the cupcakes in the raspberry glaze and place the garnish on top, ingredients: [4 drops burgundy food color, 4 drops red food color, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 6 ounces powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, at room temperature, Seedless raspberry jam, for filling and glaze, 6 ounces rolled fondant, Black food color for stamping ink, Small cookie cutter 1 inch or smaller, Adjustable stamp that can spell out bullying, Red edible marker, 156 grams about 5 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 177 grams about 6 14 ounces sugar, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup buttermilk, 100 grams about 3 12 ounces peanut butter, Nonstick baking spray], title: AntiBullying Dodge Ball Cupcakes, aka Peanut Butter and Jelly, picturelink: t7fzlMMB0ZtYNa.N0i1Mg1aF8tqqCWy}, 34184: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTake a 2ounce piece of meat and dip in oil on both sides then press in bread crumbs to coat on both sides. Roll firmly and place in an oiled 2inch deep casserole dish side by side with sides touching. When all are rolled, place one bay leaf and a half of a onion ring in between each rolled spidini. Place dish uncovered in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit. Cut spidinis into bite size portions discarding the bay leaves., ingredients: [1 pound veal or beef bottom round, cut into 2ounce slices, 12 cup seasoned bread crumbs, Dried bay leaves, 1 for every 2 spidinis, 1 large onion, cut in rings, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Spidinis, picturelink: null}, 34185: {instructions: Bring the sugars, syrup, water, cinnamon and nutmeg to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook gently 5 minutes. Add the cranberries and continue to simmer, uncovered, until half the berries pop. Remove from the heat and stir in the orange segments. Cool, stir in the walnut pieces and serve., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup loosely packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup maple syrup, 34 cup water, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries, cleaned, 4 navel oranges, peeled and divided into segments, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnut pieces], title: CranberryOrange Relish, picturelink: null}, 34186: {instructions: In a stockpot over high heat, bring about 8 cups of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook until al dente, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain well and place in large bowl. Set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the remaining ingredients. Pour the dressing over the noodles and toss well. Let sit at least 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with chopped scallions, if using., ingredients: [12 ounces dried Chinese egg noodles or spaghetti, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon peeled, minced fresh ginger, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 14 cup soy sauce, 13 cup sweet hot chile sauce nuoc cham ga or mae ploy, a Thai condiment, Chopped scallions, for garnish, optional], title: Orange Chile Noodles, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 34187: {instructions: Whisk together the condensed milk, whipping cream, rum, banana extract, and cinnamon in a large measuring cup. Refrigerate until cold.nTurn your ice cream machine on and pour in the cold cream mixture. Churn until the mixture looks slushy like soft serve, about 12 to 15 minutes.nTransfer the ice cream to another container and put plastic wrap on top of the ice cream. Cover the container tightly with a lid. Freeze for several hours until firm enough to scoop.nServe over sliced bananas with a drizzle of warm Rum Sauce, and whipped cream.nMelt butter in saucepan. Stir in sugar and stir until it dissolves. Whisk in whipping cream, corn syrup, rum, and cinnamon. Simmer for a few minutes so the flavors can marry. Remove from heat and cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [2 cups sweetened condensed milk, chilled, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 1 teaspoon banana extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Bananas, sliced, for serving, Rum Sauce, recipe follows, Whipped cream, for serving, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Banana Fosters Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 34188: {instructions: For the salsa: Pulse the olive oil, tomatoes, garlic, cucumber, jalapeno, onion, and lime zest and juice in a food processor until coarsely pureed. Season with salt and pepper. Keep in the refrigerator.nFor the shrimp: Heat the oil in a skillet over high heat. Saute the shrimp for 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, slice the avocados and squeeze lime juice over them to prevent them from browning. Season with salt and pepper. Mix the trout caviar with some olive oil. Divide the avocados among 4 plates. Top with a generous spoonful of salsa, the shrimp and the caviar., ingredients: [3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 2 heads black garlic, cloves peeled and chopped, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon15ml olive oil, 1 pound450g Laughing Bird shrimp or regular shrimp see Cooks Note, below, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 avocados, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Trout caviar, Olive oil], title: Laughing Bird Shrimp with Black Garlic Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34189: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine potatoes and garlic. Pour over enough water to cover and set pan over high heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium and simmer 10 minutes, until potatoes are forktender.nDrain and return potatoes and garlic to cooking pot. Add buttermilk and mash until large lumps disappear. Fold in parsley, chives, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [4 large red bliss potatoes, unpeeled and cut into 12 to 1 inch pieces, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, Water, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Fresh Chives, picturelink: null}, 34190: {instructions: For the smoked chicken broth: Place the chicken stock, garlic, celery, carrot, onion and smoked chicken carcass and backbone into a large stockpot or Dutch oven. Simmer gently for 1 hour over a low flame. Strain, transfer to a large container and reserve cool completely if making ahead of time.nFor the minestrone: Add the oil to a Dutch oven and bring to medium heat. Sweat the carrots, celery and onions until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add the potatoes, zucchini, cabbage and season with salt and pepper. Sweat the vegetables slowly until all are crisptender, about 8 minutes.nPour in the reserved stock and the tomatoes. Add the Parmesan rind and simmer 12 to 15 minutes the vegetables should be tender. Remove from the heat. Add the navy beans and shredded chicken and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nLadle the minestrone into deep bowls and garnish with the shaved parmesan and chopped parsley and basil. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the chicken: Using kitchen shears, remove the backbone of the chicken and set aside. Cut the chicken in half, straight through the breastbone. By separating the chicken into two pieces it will ensure that the chicken gets smoked more thoroughly. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with salt, pepper, the granulated garlic and smoked paprika.nPlace 1 deep aluminum roasting pan over the stove top. Line with aluminum foil. Add the soaked wood chips to a large piece of foil, and then fold in the sides to make a pouch. Punch holes in the top of the pouch, set it directly over a gas burner and turn on high. Leave for 2 to 3 minutes, watching carefully. Once it begins to smoke, using tongs, transfer the pouch to the bottom of the lined roasting pan. Set a wire rack over the chips in the lined roasting pan and position it so the wood chips are directly over the burner and continue to smoke. Place the chicken pieces boneside down on the rack. Cover tightly with aluminum foil to seal in the smoke. Put the roasting pan into the oven and smoke until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 45 to 60 minutes. Remove and cool. Shred the smoked chicken breast., ingredients: [12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 4 cloves garlic, 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 12 onion, roughly chopped, Smoked Chicken carcass and backbone, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium carrots, peeled, trimmed and 14inch diced, 1 stalk celery, 14inch diced, 12 large onion, sliced 18inch thick, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 8 ounces creamer potatoes, quartered, 2 large zucchini, 14inch diced, 1 medium head savoy cabbage about 8 ounces, shredded, One 14ounce can fireroasted tomatoes, with liquid, One 4ounce piece Parmesan with rind, cheese shaved, rind reserved, One 15ounce can navy beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups shredded Smoked Chicken, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley and basil, for garnish, One 2 14 to 2 12pound whole chicken, patted dry and set out for 15 minutes, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Special equipment: 2 cups applewood chips, soaked in water overnight], title: Smoked Chicken Minestrone, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 34191: {instructions: Muddle the mint leaves and fresh lime in a cocktail shaker. Add the sugar cane juice, rum, cane syrup and lime juice and shake well. Pour into a 12ounce glass and top with soda water., ingredients: [12 ounce pure cane syrup, such as Monin, 14 ounce fresh lime juice, Splash soda water, 8 mint leaves, 2 lime slices, 2 12 ounces sugar cane juice, 1 12 ounces white rum, such as Myerss White], title: Mojito, picturelink: null}, 34192: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except eggplant and salt and pepper in a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Let cool. Preheat grill. Season eggplant with salt and pepper to taste and brush with miso sauce. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, basting with marinade., ingredients: [3 tablespoons miso, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoon sake, 2 tablespoon water, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 4 Japanese eggplant, sliced lengthwise, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Japanese Eggplant with Citrus Miso Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34193: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nRemove 14 inch of the crust from the ends of the loaf, then cut the loaf crosswise into 4 even pieces. Use a fork to score one cut end and gently dig a square hole into each piece of bread to make a box, leaving a 12inch layer of bread around the walls and bottom see Cooks Note. Save the removed crumbs for another use.nMicrowave the butter and a large pinch of salt in a small microwavesafe bowl until melted, about 1 minute. Brush the bread boxes inside and out with the melted butter. Put 1 slice of cheese at the bottom of each bread box. Put the boxes openside up on a baking sheet and bake until the cheese melts and the inside of the bread is lightly browned and crispy in parts, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fill a small liquid measuring cup with 14 cup water. When the oil starts to shimmer, add the onion and a large pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until the onions are tender and lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. If the pan ever gets too hot, stir in 1 tablespoon of water and use a wooden spoon or heatproof rubber spatula to scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add another tablespoon of oil and the red and green bell peppers to the skillet. Season with a large pinch of salt and cook, stirring, until tender and lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil and the roast beef and cook, stirring, until the roast beef is just warmed through, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the cheese sauce.nEvenly divide the meat mixture among the bread boxes and top each with 2 more slices of cheese. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes. Serve whole or cut in half., ingredients: [1 loaf unsliced white bread preferably Pullman, about 10inches long, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 12 slices provolone, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced about 2 cups, 1 large red bell pepper, halved, cored and thinly sliced about 1 cup, 1 large green bell pepper, halved, cored and thinly sliced about 1 cup, 1 pound thinly sliced rare roast beef, 1 cup prepared jarred cheese sauce, such as Cheese Whiz], title: Philly Cheese Steak Bread Boxes, picturelink: AGanqgqEqiiu6inzdALDtQhSagONZKu}, 34194: {instructions: Put the beans in a pot and cover with 4 cups water. Cover and set aside at room temperature to soak overnight. Drain.nHeat a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook until lightly golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 5 minutes. Transfer the chorizo to a paper towellined plate with a slotted spoon and pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the rendered fat. The amount of fat will vary depending on the chorizo that is used. If your chorizo does not render at least 2 tablespoons fat, add some olive oil.nAdd the garlic, carrot, celery and onion to the fat in the pan and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until soft, 8 to 9 minutes. Add the kale and cook until slightly wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the stock, wine and 2 teaspoons salt cover and bring to a boil.nAdd the cranberry beans and cooked chorizo to the saucepan lower the heat to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the beans and kale are soft, about 1 12 hours. Ladle the soup into bowls and drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 cups dried cranberry or pinto beans, picked through, 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, cut into14inchthick slices, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 large carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 12 bunch kale about 8 ounces, stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Spanish Chorizo, Kale and Cranberry Bean Soup, picturelink: pCQHVriLDKjYsDw4bNUN.eRX1F3pOK}, 34195: {instructions: Cover the blackeyed peas with cold water and soak overnight. Drain the peas. Soak the shrimp in cold water for 30 minutes, and then drain off excess water. Place the peas, shrimp and onion in a blender, along with the beaten egg and 14 cup of the cornmeal, and puree until smooth. Add salt if necessary the dried shrimp may already be salty.nCombine the remaining 14 cup of cornmeal and the flour in a bowl. Form the pea mixture into small patties and dredge them in the cornmeal mixture.nPour the oil into a frying pan and heat over moderate heat. Test by dropping in a little of the pea mixture. If it bubbles immediately and rises to the surface, the oil is ready.nDrop 4 to 6 patties into the hot oil and panfry until golden, shaking the pan constantly, turning the patties once, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a strainer or slotted spoon. Drain on paper towels. Continue to panfry patties in batches. Serve with TomatilloScallion Mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 pound blackeyed peas, 12 cup dried shrimp, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, optional, 14 cup flour, 14 cup vegetable oil for panfrying], title: Blackeyed Pea Cakes, picturelink: null}, 34196: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the crab, mayonnaise, wasabi, 34 of the chopped apples, all of the fennel including green tops, the radishes, juice and zest of 1 Meyer lemon, and salt, to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining chopped apples with remaining lemon juice and zest. Season with salt, to taste, and set aside for garnish.nToast: Remove the crusts from the brioche and cut into 34inch thick slices. Stack the slices and cut into 1 12inch squares. Alternately, you could use a cookie cutter to make circles or other small shapes of your choice. You should have about 48 pieces when finished.nWorking in batches, melt some of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the brioche, in batches, and toast until golden brown, turning over and adding more butter, if necessary. Repeat with remaining butter and brioche. Toasts can be made up to 48 hours in advance and stored in an airtight container at room temperature.nTo serve, put a rounded tablespoon of crab salad on each brioche toast and top with a sprinkling of chopped lemonmarinated apples., ingredients: [1 pound lump Dungeness crabmeat, picked over for cartilage, 12 cup high quality mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 2 Pink Lady apples, cored, finely diced, divided, 2 fennel bulbs, 1 finely diced, 1 sliced as thinly as possible, green fronds included, 1 bunch Easter radishes, sliced as thinly as possible, 2 Meyer lemons, zested and juiced, Kosher salt, 2 loaves brioche bread, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Crab Salad on Brioche Toast, picturelink: null}, 34197: {instructions: Peel cucumbers leaving some green skin in alternating strips slice as thinly as possible. Slice onions as thinly as possible. In a colander, toss cucumber and onion slices with 2 teaspoons salt. Weight with a plate and let drain 20 minutes. Quarter, then thinly slice tomatoes.nIn a large bowl of cold water soak staled bread just until it loses its firmness and becomes spongy, 30 seconds to 1 minute. If you have let your bread get stale for less than 2 days, just run it briefly under cold, running water. Using your hands, gently squeeze out water without compacting bread too much. Tear into pieces about 12inch wide and 3inches long.nIn a large bowl combine soaked bread, cucumbers and onions, tomatoes, basil, oil and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound English cucumbers, 1 pound sweet onions, such as Vidalia, Walla Walla or Maui, Salt, 1 12 pounds ripe tomatoes about 5 medium, 1 pound coarse rustic or Italianstyle bread, crusts removed, torn in large chunks and left to stale 1 week, 12 cup torn basil leaves, 6 tablespoons fruity extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Freshlyground black pepper], title: Panzanella Tuscan Bread Salad, picturelink: null}, 34198: {instructions: Remove the tough stems from 2 bunches watercress wash and dry well, then transfer to a bowl. Heat 3 tablespoons peanut oil in a small skillet over high heat until very hot. Add 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger, 1 minced garlic clove and 2 teaspoons Sriracha and stirfry 30 seconds. Carefully stir in 2 tablespoons rice vinegar. Pour the warm dressing over the watercress and toss. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Watercress With Ginger, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 34199: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nFor the parsley pesto: Add the ParmigianoReggiano, pine nuts, basil, garlic, parsley and some salt and pepper to a food processor. With the motor running, slowly add about 12 cup olive oil and process until smooth. Pulse a few times to incorporate, adding more oil if the mixture is too thick. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed.nFor the mushrooms: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add the mushrooms, garlic and shallots and saute until brown, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove to a plate and reserve.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nFor the pizzas: Portion the dough into six golfballsize pieces. Dust a work surface with flour and roll each piece of dough into a rectangle or whatever shape you like. Brush the tops of each piece with oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss on the grill, oilside down. Cook until the bottoms are an even golden brown, about 3 minutes. The tops will also start bubbling up with air pockets. Flip over and grill until golden brown on the other side and just firm, about a minute or so. Remove to a baking sheet.nTop the pizzas with the fontina, mushrooms, ParmigianoReggiano, dollops of goat cheese, crushed red pepper flakes and salt and pepper. Bake in the oven until the cheese is melted, 3 to 4 minutes. Top with the parsley pesto and garnish with a few more torn basil leaves.nIn a small bowl, add 12 cup warm water if the water is too hot the yeast will die and if the water is too cold the yeast will not activate. Add the dry yeast and sugar, stir to combine and let sit for 15 minutes. The top of the water will bubble and it will smell very yeasty this is what you want.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil and the yeastwater mixture. Using a fork, gradually stir the flour into the yeastwater mix. Once most of the flour has combined, turn the dough out to a smooth, clean work surface dusted with flour and use your hands to knead the dough to a smooth consistency.nLightly coat the mixing bowl with oil, return the dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, at least 1 hour.nWhen the dough is ready, portion it into six golfballsize pieces. If youre not using the dough right away, wrap each ball individually in plastic and refrigerate until ready to use. Dust a work surface with flour and roll each piece of dough into a rectangle or whatever shape you like I like irregular shapes. Top the pizzas as desired., ingredients: [12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 8 fresh basil leaves, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, 12 bunch fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 to 2 cups sliced cremini mushrooms, 1 clove garlic, chopped then mashed into a paste, 1 shallot, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces pizza dough, such as Anne Burrells Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Olive oil, for brushing dough, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup grated fontina, About 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, About 12 cup goat cheese, Crushed red pepper flakes, for topping, Torn fresh basil leaves, for garnish, 1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for coating bowl], title: Pizza with Parsley Pesto, Cremini Mushrooms, Fontina and Goat Cheese, picturelink: tygQ0aec2vqfCMNh6iEDRFalndrvgi}}