{34200: {instructions: 1. Line a small sheet pan with non stick aluminum foil. Arrange salmon on baking sheet. Sprinkle fillets evenly with 2 Tbsp. of Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend. Place in preheated 450 degree oven for about 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily.n2. Meanwhile, saute peppers in 14 cup reserved pineapple juice until crisptender. Add remaining Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend, pineapple and ginger. Remove from heat.n3. Arrange salmon on serving plates topped with pineapple salsa.nLowSodium Recipe, ingredients: [1 lb. skinless salmon fillets, 1 inch thick, lightly sprayed with non stick cooking spray, 3 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash Original Blend, 12 cup diced green peppers, 12 cup diced red peppers, 1 cup canned crushed pineapple in juice, drained with juice reserved, 1 tsp. finely grated fresh ginger], title: Baked Salmon with Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 34201: {instructions: Put 1 cup warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F in the bowl of a stand mixer and sprinkle the yeast on top. Set aside to bloom, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the flour, sugar and salt in a large bowl.nAdd the flour mixture to the yeast mixture and mix with the dough hook on the lowest setting until the dough comes together. Increase the speed to medium and continue to mix until the dough is elastic and smooth, about 8 minutes.nForm the dough into a ball, place in a large oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat it with oil. Cover with a damp kitchen towel and let rest in a warm place until doubled in size, 30 to 35 minutes. Line a baking sheet with foil or a silicone baking mat, coat generously with cooking spray and set aside.nPunch down the dough, then turn out onto a floured surface. Knead just until the dough is smooth and springs back when poked, about 1 minute. Divide into 4 pieces and form into 5by3inch oblong rolls. Place the rolls on the prepared baking sheet and cut four 2inch diagonal slashes across the top of each. Cover with a damp towel or cover loosely with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and bring 8 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat.nStir the baking soda into the boiling water it will foam up slightly. Add 2 rolls and poach 2 minutes per side. Using a slotted spoon, remove the rolls, drain and place on the baking sheet, cutside up. Sprinkle with salt. Repeat with the remaining rolls.nBake the rolls until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool slightly on the baking sheet.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, Vegetable oil, for the bowl, Cooking spray, 13 cup baking soda], title: Pretzel Rolls, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 34202: {instructions: Mix together the orange juice and 2 cups cold water in a pitcher. Fill 4 glasses with ice, add enough orangeade to come threequarters of the way up the glasses and top each with a shot of carrot juice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, chilled, 1 cup carrot juice], title: Orangeade with Carrot Juice Floater, picturelink: XWK.4amh2YPwqudsxLCfJ8AaleYEGC}, 34203: {instructions: Drain yogurt in a sieve lined with a double thickness of cheesecloth at room temperature 20 minutes. Stir together with garlic, mint, and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir together lemon juice, garlic, oregano, and 2 tablespoons oil in a shallow baking dish. Add lamb chops, turning to coat, and marinate 20 minutes. Remove lamb from marinade, reserving marinade, and season with salt and pepper. Heat remaining tablespoon oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute chops in 2 batches, without crowding, about 2 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Transfer to plates. Boil reserved marinade in skillet with water 1 minute and pour over chops.nServe chops with yogurt sauce., ingredients: [1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Salt and pepper, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 cloves large garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 12inchthick shoulder lamb chops, 1 tablespoon water], title: LemonGarlic Lamb Chops with Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34204: {instructions: Cut pita rounds into 6 triangles. Split triangles in half. Brush the rough side of triangles with olive oil. Combine sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle 12 tablespoon cinnamon sugar on each triangle.nPlace on baking sheet. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes in a 350 degree oven until crisp., ingredients: [2 pocket pita rounds, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Pita Toasts, picturelink: null}, 34205: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the bacon, cook 2 minutes, then add the garlic and stir 1 minute. Add the chard and season with a little nutmeg, salt, pepper, and paprika. When the chard is wilted add the rice and stir 1 minute more. Add the stock or water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot. Cook 15 to18 minutes, or until the rice is tender. Fluff with a fork and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 slices bacon, or 1 18inch thick slice of speck, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 small bunch red chard, stemmed and chopped, Freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or sweet paprika, 1 cup white rice, 1 34 cups chicken stock or water], title: Red Chard and Rice, picturelink: fgTRwjDTleg3KKoTJMrI8NSulc9RxQG}, 34206: {instructions: Special equipment: See source link for information: Handbag mold Transfer sheetsnTo make the sides of the handbag, use a ladle to fill one of the side mold pieces with bittersweet chocolate. When it is full, empty the excess chocolate back into the bowl. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the lip of the plastic mold clean and place upside down on a wire rack over a sheet pan. Repeat using the other side of the mold. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the lip of the mold clean again with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold, and a clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden.nIf the chocolate is properly tempered, it will easily release from the mold. To unmold, rest your thumbs on the outside, place your first two fingers on the inside of the bag and gently begin to lift the chocolate from the mold. Do not press or pull too hard or you will break the chocolate. You will need to apply this lifting pressure to all sides to loosen the chocolate from the mold. Repeat for all of the mold pieces. To make the body, use an offset spatula to spread a layer of chocolate onto the square textured plastic pieces of the handbag mold set. Be careful not to make it too thin or it will break when you bend it. Allow the chocolate to set slightly. Place each of the molded side pieces at one end of the square and carefully wrap the rest of the square up the side pieces.nWhen the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the plastic sheet. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. When you are ready to close the handbag, repeat the same procedure using the other flat textured piece. Be careful that you do not make this piece until after you have filled the bag with the desired contents. The handle is made using the same technique. To make the label, place a transfer sheet in front of you. Mix a little bit of red food coloring into the melted cocoa butter. Using a small pastry brush, apply a light layer of color to the transfer sheet and allow it to set briefly. Using an offset spatula, spread approximately a 14inch thick layer of white chocolate over the color onto the transfer sheet, completely covering the design. Allow the chocolate to set. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the back of the transfer sheet. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Using a hot, sharp chefs knife, cut out a label. To do this, heat the knife under very hot water and wipe it dry. Hold the knife blade against the side of the chocolate where you want to make the cut. Do not press on the knife or the chocolate will break. Allow the heat of the knife to cut through the chocolate by melting it. Repeat to make as many labels as required. Set aside until ready to use. Carefully fill the handbag with the desired filling. Attach the piece that closes the bag as described above. Use tempered chocolate to glue the handle and label to the front.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres: Chocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer. Another way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Powdered food color, as needed, Cocoa butter, melted, 16 ounces white chocolate, tempered], title: Molded Chocolate Handbag, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 34207: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 3 9inch cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed paper or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt and mix. Add 12 of the flour, then 12 of the sour cream and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin. Pour into the prepared pans and bake until the tops are firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, about 35 minutes. Halfway through the baking, quickly rotate the pans in the oven to ensure even baking, but otherwise try not to open the oven. Let cool in the pan 10 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely before frosting.nFrosting: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese together until smooth. Drizzle in the melted chocolate and mix. Add the coffee and vanilla and mix. Add the sugar, 1 cup at a time, mixing after each addition. Mix until well blended and fluffy. To frost the cake, use a spatula to cover 2 of the cake layers with frosting. Stack them together. Flip the third cake layer over and rest it on the top to create a very flat top for the cake. Frost on the sides and top. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 3 9inch cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed paper or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt and mix. Add 12 of the flour, then 12 of the sour cream and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin. Pour into the prepared pans and bake until the tops are firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, about 35 minutes. Halfway through the baking, quickly rotate the pans in the oven to ensure even baking, but otherwise try not to open the oven. Let cool in the pan 10 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely before frosting.nFrosting: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese together until smooth. Drizzle in the melted chocolate and mix. Add the coffee and vanilla and mix. Add the sugar, 1 cup at a time, mixing after each addition. Mix until well blended and fluffy. To frost the cake, use a spatula to cover 2 of the cake layers with frosting. Stack them together. Flip the third cake layer over and rest it on the top to create a very flat top for the cake. Frost on the sides and top. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 3 cups light brown sugar, packed, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups sifted cake flour, 1 13 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups hot coffee, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 3 cups light brown sugar, packed, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups sifted cake flour, 1 13 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups hot coffee, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 8 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 12 cup cooled coffee, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 cups confectioners sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 8 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 12 cup cooled coffee, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 cups confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 34208: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 12 cup pasta water. While the pasta is cooking, heat the oil over a medium heat in a large, heavy skillet. Add the garlic and tomatoes and cook until the garlic is soft but not browned, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken and cook, stirring a few times, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the arugula, radicchio, endive, broth, salt, and pepper, and cook until the greens are wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add pasta water, as necessary, for a wetter sauce.nCombine the pasta and vegetable mixture in the pasta pot and toss to combine. Add the basil just before serving. Garnish with shaved Parmesan and a sprinkling of basil.nExcellent Source of: Calcium, Fiber, Folate, Iron, Manganese, Niacin, Phosphorus, Potassium, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, ProteinnGood Source of: Copper, Magnesium, Molybdenum, Riboflavin, Selenium, Thiamin, Zinc, Vitamin B6, Pantothenic Acid, ingredients: [34 box 12 ounces wholewheat penne, 14 cup olive oil, 4 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, not oilpacked, sliced into strips, 12 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, thinly sliced, 2 cups roughly chopped arugula leaves, 1 medium head radicchio, thinly sliced, 1 large head endive, bottom 12inch removed, then sliced into thin strips, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, 14 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Tricolore Penne Pasta with Chicken, picturelink: s5P66j66z9GCh2znXMWhzHoVZsx3A.}, 34209: {instructions: For Pastry: Combine flour, salt and butter. Mix in water to form dough. Knead lightly into a ball and let rest for 1 hour. Roll pastry out to cover top of pie dish, leaving enough of an overhang to form a secure edge and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, place whole chicken in pot with water to cover. Add bay leaf, thyme and parsley. Cover and simmer 25 minutes. Remove chicken and cool. Cut into 1inch cubes.nMelt butter in saucepan over medium heat and add flour. Stir well and cook 1 minute to make roux. Strain 58 cup chicken stock and add to roux, whisking well, to make sauce. Season with salt and pepper and add cream and wine. Whisk again until smooth and simmer for 5 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place 12 of chicken in bottom of pie dish, cover with onion, then celery, then ham. Heat a little clarified butter in small saucepan and fry mushrooms for 1 minute. Add mushrooms to pie dish, along with lemon juice. Top this with remaining chicken and pour sauce on top of it all. Secure pastry to pie dish with water. Cut air hole in top of dough and paint dough with egg yolk. Bake 40 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup butter, cut into small pieces, 2 cups flour, sifted, Salt, 12 cup water, 1 3pound chicken, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig thyme, 6 parsley stalks, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 58 cup chicken stock, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 12 cup cream, 14 cup white wine, 12 medium onion, finely sliced, 12 cup celery, finely sliced, 4 ounces sliced ham, Clarified butter, 1 cup mushrooms, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 egg yolk], title: Parramatta Pie, picturelink: null}, 34210: {instructions: For the braised lamb: Heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Toast the chiles skinside up until fragrant and beginning to darken, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl and pour enough boiling water to cover and soak until softened, about 15 minutes. Strain, reserving the water. Transfer the chiles to a blender or food processor along with 12 cup of the reserved steeping water, the cider vinegar, cumin, oregano and garlic. Process until a smooth paste forms. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Place the lamb in a Dutch oven and slather the chile paste over the shanks. Add the chicken stock. Bring the liquid to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer, cover with the lid and braise until the lamb is tender, about 2 hours 30 minutes.nFor the pickled peppers: Meanwhile, bring the lime juice, sugar and vinegar to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Put the chiles in a separate bowl and pour the vinegar mixture over. Let cool for about 20 minutes. Discard the liquid before using.nFor the guacamole: Combine the cilantro, cumin, salt, tomatillos, garlic, avocado, onions, jalapenos and lime juice in a food processor or blender and pulse until combined and still somewhat chunky.nFor assembly: When cool enough to handle, remove the lamb from the braising liquid and shred. Once the lamb is removed, bring the braising liquid back to a boil and cook until it reduces to about 2 cups of liquid, 10 to 12 minutes. Return the shredded lamb back to the braising liquid in the Dutch oven. Toast the tortillas, if desired, over an open flame just until slightly charred. Fill each tortilla with some of the shredded lamb, guacamole, cilantro, radishes and pickled peppers and top with queso fresco. Repeat until all the tacos are assembled. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [3 dried ancho chiles, halved, stems removed, 2 dried chiles de arbol, halved, stems removed, 2 cups boiling water, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon oregano, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 2 bonein lamb shanks about 3 12 pounds, 4 cups chicken stock, 13 cup lime juice, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 chiles, seeded and cut into rings, 34 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 to 6 tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and quartered, 1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 12 medium onion, coarsely chopped about 12 cup, 12 jalapeno, coarsely chopped with seeds, Juice of 1 lime, 12 white corn tortillas, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 4 medium radishes, thinly sliced, 12 cup queso fresco, crumbled 1 12 ounces, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Chile Braised Lamb Tacos, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 34211: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together the white wine, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl.n2. Place each tilapia fillet on a separate 14by12inch piece of nonstick foil. Drizzle onequarter of the white wine mixture over each fish fillet and top with onequarter of the tomatoes, capers and thyme. Fold the foil up over each piece of fish and seal to create a packet. Put the packets on a sheet pan and bake until the fish becomes fragrant, 20 to 25 minutes depending on the thickness of the fillets let cool for 3 minutes. Open the packets, sprinkle 12 teaspoon salt evenly over the fillets and serve., ingredients: [14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce tilapia fillets, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup capers, drained, 1 teaspoons fresh thyme about 3 sprigs], title: Tilapia Foil Packets, picturelink: null}, 34212: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush an 8 x 8inch casserole dish with oil. Set aside.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil. Add the raw noodle bundles, and saute turning with a pair of tongs until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the noodles and any pieces to a plate.nSaute the onion in the same skillet, over medium heat, until light golden, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, ground coriander, oregano, chile powder, and bay leaf, stirring until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and the chipotles, increase the heat to high, and cook for 2 minutes, until thickened. Add the broth and noodles to the skillet and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a gentle simmer, lower the heat and cook for 5 minutes, breaking up the noodles with a spoon. Stir in the turkey. Turn the mixture into the casserole dish. Sprinkle the cheese over and cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes.nIn a small serving bowl, stir together the sour cream and fresh coriander. Serve the casserole with the flavored sour cream and the lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for preparing the pan, 10 ounces fine vermicelli noodles in bundles fideo, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon New Mexican chile powder, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups canned tomatoes and juices, crushed, 1 to 2 chipotles en adobo, minced, 1 12 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 2 cups diced cooked turkey, chicken, or smoked chicken breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup coarsely chopped queso anejo or feta cheese, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh coriander cilantro, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Mexican Turkey Noodle Casserole, picturelink: null}, 34213: {instructions: Add the spinach, grapes, tea, kiwi, mint and apples to the bowl of a blender. Blend until smooth, adding water if needed to get the desired consistency. Drink with a straw., ingredients: [1 cup fresh baby spinach, 34 cup frozen green grapes, 12 cup brewed green tea, cooled, 1 medium ripe kiwi, peeled and chopped, 1 sprig fresh mint leaves, 12 Granny Smith apple, cored and chopped], title: Mean Green Smoothie, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 34214: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the panettone into 34inch squares and place in large bowl. Melt half of the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and continue to cook until light brown, about 5 minutes.nTake off the heat and add half the sage. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the sage butter over the bread and toss gently but swiftly. Spread out on 2 cooking sheets and place in the oven until light brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and place back into the bowl.nMeanwhile, place the dried fruit in a large bowl add boiling water to cover and then set aside for at least 10 minutes. This will plump and soften the fruit for cooking. Drain fruit once plumped.nRaise the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nMelt the remaining butter and add onion, celery, and carrot. Saute on mediumlow heat until soft. Add dried fruit and remaining sage. Toss into cooled croutons. Gently toss and add chicken broth to moisten add more broth if you like a softer stuffing. Stir in beaten eggs now, if using. Adjust salt and pepper, to your liking. Turn out into an ovenproof casserole.nBake uncovered until golden brown on top, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 2.2pound panettone, 1 stick sweet butter, 2 bunches fresh sage, leaves minced, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dried apricots, julienned, 12 cup dried sour cherries, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 12 cups minced yellow onion, 1 cup minced celery or fennel, 1 cup minced carrot, Up to 2 cups chicken stock or turkey if you have it, 2 eggs, optional, use if you like a firmer stuffing], title: Panettone Stuffing, picturelink: fnbpGxJxWTvSQ2RxrIsEi700keUWA.}, 34215: {instructions: Wrap each grissini in a piece of prosciutto, on a slight diagonal to cover as much of the breadstick as possible. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix the shallot, mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper together. Gradually whisk in the oil in a slow stream. Place the mesclun greens and fennel in a large bowl and toss evenly with the dressing. Distribute among 4 serving plates and sprinkle with pine nuts.nTake 2 prepared grissini and place them on top of each salad forming an x. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: Grissini are pencilthin breadsticks that can found at specialty and Italian food markets., ingredients: [8 grissini breadsticks, 8 very thin slices prosciutto, 2 teaspoons minced shallot, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup canola oil or olive oil, 5 ounces mesclun greens, 12 cup thinly sliced fennel bulb, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Mesclun with Prosciutto Grissini, picturelink: Jd49CHBjL71UFxl6b0v7RCQHS3HZ6}, 34216: {instructions: In a heavy medium saute pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium heat. Spread the potatoes in an even layer in the saute pan, pressing down on them slightly with a spatula. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the potatoes begin to brown on the bottom, 6 to 7 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally to prevent sticking. Pour 1 tablespoon of the melted butter over the top of the potatoes.nPlace a large plate over the pan and invert the potatoes onto the plate. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan, slide the potatoes back in, and brown on the other side, about 5 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper and slide onto a platter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 medium allpurpose potatoes, boiled, peeled and diced small, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted], title: Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 34217: {instructions: Heat a grill to high.nMelt the butter in medium saucepan on the grates of the grill. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Add the hot milk and whisk until smooth and thickened, 5 minutes. Whisk in both cheeses and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from heat.nPut heavy duty aluminum foil on the grill and top it with potato chips. Allow them to heat through, about 2 minutes.nTransfer potato chips to a platter, drizzle with the cheese sauce and sprinkle with chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, heated, 1 12 cups crumbled Gorgonzola, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bag potato chips recommended: Kettle, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Potato Chips Warmed on Grill with Gorgonzola Sauce and Chives, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 34218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out the puff pastry on a floured surface, to about 12inch thickness. Using a round pastry cutter or cookie cutter, about 3 inches in diameter, cut out 6 round disks.nBrush each disk with the beaten egg, coating the pastry well. Arrange on a greased baking sheet and bake until the pastry rises and is golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. When baked, remove from oven and allow to cool.nAdd the grapeseed oil to a large heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until soft and translucent not caramelized, then add the lobster. Saute until the lobster is cooked, about 5 to 8 minutes.nAt this point, add the carrots and celery and saute a few more minutes until the vegetables are tender.nStir in the flour and cook for about 5 minutes this is the beginning of the roux. Slowly begin adding the chicken stock, stirring continuously, until the mixture thickens. Add the milk, slowly and stir until incorporated to the desired thickness.nReduce the heat to a simmer and continue to cook for a further 10 to 12 minutes. Just before serving add the crabmeat and the peas and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. To serve, spoon into small bowls, sprinkle with chopped chives and top with a puff pastry disk.nCooks Note: By adding the liquid slowly it will help you see the desired thickness of the sauce. You may not need all of the milk, as some flours absorb different amounts of liquid. Just be careful., ingredients: [1 pound frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg, beaten, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 cup diced white onion, 1 pound lobster meat, diced, 1 cup small diced carrots, 1 cup small diced celery, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken broth, 3 cups milk, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, cleaned, cartilage removed, 12 cup frozen English peas, thawed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish], title: Lobster and Crab Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 34219: {instructions: Whip egg whites to soft peaks. Melt chocolate. Toast the almonds and the pistachios and keep warm. Cook the honey to 166 degrees F 130 degrees C in a copper pot. In another pot, cook the sugar, water, and glucose to 338 degrees F 170 degrees C. Gradually pour into the whipped egg whites, the honey then the sugar mixture. Let whip on high for 3 minutes then remove the whisk. Fold the melted and hot chocolate into the whites, followed by the warm nuts. Press into a frame that is 25 mm in thickness, and leave overnight to cool. Place a 5 mm frame directly on top of the frame that is around the nougat. Adhere the 2 frames with a little melted chocolate.nIn a pot warm cream and baking soda. In a copper pot cook the sugar, water, and the glucose to 293 degrees F 145 degrees C. Deglaze the sugar, slowly, with the cream that was warmed with the baking soda. Recook together to 244 degrees F 118 degrees C and finish by adding the butter that has been cut into small cubes. Pour over the nougat and let rest overnight.nCut the nougat bars into the desired shape and dip in tempered chocolate. Serve at room temperature.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 egg whites, 1 34 cups unsweetened chocolate, 1 12 cups whole almonds, 1 12 cups pistachios, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons honey from Provence, 1 13 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 14 cup glucose, 1 cup cream, Pinch baking soda, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons glucose, 1 cup butter, 4 cups tempered bittersweet chocolate], title: Chocolate and Caramel Nougat Bars, picturelink: null}, 34220: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F.nMix the flour, cornstarch, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk in the water to make a thin batter. Dip the green beans, zucchini and lemons in the batter and carefully place them in the saucepan. Fry the vegetables until lightly browned, 1 to 3 minutes. Drain the vegetables on paper towels and immediately sprinkle with salt. Serve the vegetables warm., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, Generous pinch salt, plus more for sprinkling, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sparkling water, 4 ounces green beans, halved if long, 2 small zucchini, sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 lemon, sliced into very thin round slices], title: Simple Fritto Misto, picturelink: .qMwl8sr8jvJ46hbgfRW3z60qmgqq}, 34221: {instructions: For the confit: In a highsided skillet, heat the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onions, apple slices, salt, and pepper. Cook until the onions begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, maple syrup, and thyme. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions and apples are very soft, about 50 minutes.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread slices on a baking sheet in a single layer. Drizzle with oil and bake until lightly golden, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place the gorgonzola squares on top of the warm toasts. Spoon the confit on top of the cheese. Sprinkle with chopped thyme and serve.nCooks Note: Freeze the gorgonzola for 20 minutes for easier slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 green apple, such as Granny Smith, unpeeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 red apple, such as Washington, unpeeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 French baguette, thinly sliced into 26 14 to 12inch thick slices, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 3 ounces creamy gorgonzola cheese sliced into 26 14inch thick 1inch squares], title: Apple and Onion Confit Crostini, picturelink: BeFj3oW4XhY5C.OSmjlhIXdv5MOhlES}, 34222: {instructions: Special equipment: cookie pressnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, using either an electric mixer or by hand, cream the butter, sugar, and vanilla. Add egg and then mix in the flour in 3 additions. Fill cookie press with dough and press out cookies into desired shapes onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Place a sliced candied cherry in the center of each cookie. Bake for about 15 minutes. Remove immediately to cooling racks., ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened I use 1 stick oleo and 1 stick butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, Candied cherries, sliced], title: Mamaus Spritz Cookies, picturelink: null}, 34223: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace water in a large bowl or plastic container. Whisk in salt and sugar and let sit 5 minutes to dissolve. Add the turkey breast, cover, and let sit in the refrigerator for 45 minutes.nHeat grill to mediumhigh. Remove turkey from the brining solution, rinse well under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the skin side of the turkey with the rub. Using tongs, dip paper towels into the oil and oil the grates of the grill. Place the turkey on the grill, rub side down and grill until slightly charred and a crust has formed, about 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat of the grill to medium, turn the turkey over and continue cooking, with the lid closed for 30 to 40 minutes or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the breast registers 155 degrees F the temperature will continue to rise off the heat. Remove from the heat, loosely tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Slice into 12inch thick slices.nWhile turkey is resting, brush the cut side of oranges with oil and place cut side down on the grill and grill until slightly charred. Ladle sour orange sauce onto a platter and top with the sliced turkey. Garnish with grilled oranges and parsley leaves.n6 tablespoons Spanish paprikan2 tablespoons cumin seeds, groundn1 tablespoon mustard seeds, groundn4 teaspoons fennel seeds, groundn4 teaspoons coarsely ground black peppern2 teaspoons kosher saltnWhisk together in a bowl.nSour Orange Sauce:nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat on the grates of the grill. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the orange juice, zest, and lime juice and cook until the mixture is reduced to about 12 cup. Stir in the honey. Add the chicken stock and cook until its reduced to a sauce consistency, about 2 cups.nStrain the sauce into a bowl, whisk in the butter, and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the thyme and parsley and serve hot., ingredients: [2 quarts cold water, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 boneless turkey breast, 4 to 5 pounds, Spanish Spice Rub, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, 4 oranges, halved, Sour Orange Sauce, recipe follows, Flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 cups fresh orange juice, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Brined Turkey Breast with Spanish Spice Rub and Sour Orange Sauce, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 34224: {instructions: To marinate the salmon, place the salmon in a deep bowl and add the ginger, garlic, scallions, salt, and pepper. Cover with sake and let stand for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nSplit pineapple in 12 lengthwise. Cut out the woody central core from one half, then cut out and dice the sweet flesh. Set aside.nTo prepare the pineapple reduction: Melt butter in small saute pan until bubbling. Add 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, pineapple dice, and 2 tablespoons of the sake marinade. Cook down until all liquid has evaporated. Turn on grill to medium, when hot, place the salmon on the grill and cook about 3 minutes per side. Season with salt and pepper.nPut sesame oil in a hot wok or nonstick pan, add ginger, garlic, and shrimp. Be sure to keep moving the ingredients until the shrimp turn color, then add the egg, scallions, rice and soy sauce, to taste. Keep stirring everything until the oil is all absorbed. When finished put the rice in the pineapple and top it with the salmon and a small side of the pineapple reduction., ingredients: [1 10ounce salmon fillet, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped scallions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Medium to dry sake, 1 whole ripe pineapple, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoons crushed red pepper, plus 1 tablespoon, Shrimp fried rice, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 12 medium size shrimp, 1 large egg, scrambled, 1 tablespoon finely chopped scallions, 1 cup cooked, cold, dry white rice, Lite soy sauce], title: SakeMarinated Salmon Served over Shrimp Fried Rice in a Spicy Pineapple Reduction, picturelink: null}, 34225: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Roll out half the dough 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into a 9inch 1quart glass pie plate, and trim the edge, leaving a 34inch overhang. Chill the shell and the remaining dough while making the filling. In a large bowl toss together the apples, each peeled, cored, and cut into eighths, 34 cup of the sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and lemon juice until the mixture is combined well. Transfer the filling to the shell, and dot it with the butter.nRoll out the remaining dough into a 13 to14inch round on a lightly floured surface, drape it over the filling, and trim it, leaving a 1inch overhang. Fold the overhang under the bottom crust, pressing the edge to seal it, and crimp the edge decoratively. Brush the crust lightly with the milk, cut slits in it with a sharp knife, forming steam vents, and sprinkle the pie evenly with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake the pie on a large baking sheet in the middle of the oven for 20 minutes, reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F, and bake the pie for 20 to 25 minutes more, or until the crust is golden and the apples are tender., ingredients: [2 recipes pate brisee, 3 pounds about 8 Northern Spies and McIntosh Apples, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, Milk for brushing the crust], title: Traditional Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 34226: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nFor the burnt oranges: Lay the orange slices on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Drizzle with honey, making sure to cover them. Sprinkle with the confectioners sugar and cayenne, and season with salt. Bake until the oranges are charred and slightly translucent, flipping halfway through, about 35 minutes. Let cool.nFor the cocktail: Place one burnt orange slice in a glass and add ice. Pour in the Campari, vodka and orange juice. Top with club soda. Garnish with another burnt orange slice., ingredients: [2 oranges, sliced, 2 tablespoons30ml honey, 2 tablespoons30ml confectioners sugar, Pinch cayenne, Salt, 1 ounce30ml Campari, 1 ounce30ml vodka, Juice of 1 orange, Club soda], title: Burnt Orange Campari, picturelink: null}, 34227: {instructions: Spray a large skillet with nonstick spray and bring it to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Add turkey and sprinkle with steak seasoning and salt. Cook and crumble until its mostly cooked, about 8 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium. Add onion, bell pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and vinegar. Mix it well and continue to cook and crumble until the meat is fully cooked, about 5 minutes.nReduce the heat to low. Add tomato sauces, tomato paste, and sugar. Stir well. Stirring occasionally, cook until its hot, about 5 minutes.nToast the buns, if desired. Evenly distribute the mixture among the bottom buns and then finish off with the tops of the buns. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound raw lean ground turkey, 1 teaspoon steak seasoning blend, dry, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 cup canned tomato sauce, 34 cup canned nosaltadded tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 5 small hamburger buns light, if available], title: Sloppy Janes, picturelink: UFQt6hWYCX674oFjsV3OtsYLL970za}, 34228: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, and 12 teaspoon salt.nIn a large measuring cup combine the buttermilk, egg, and 3 tablespoons maple syrup and stir with a fork. Stir into the flour mixture with a spatula until just combined. Mix in the diced apple and sausage crumbles.nHeat a pancake griddle over mediumlow heat and then grease with a small amount of butter. Drop ladles of batter to form 4inch pancakes, cooking pancakes for 2 to 3 minutes before flipping, or until the batter puffs up and bubbles form. Flip pancakes and continue to cook for an additional 1 to 2 minutes, until cooked through and nicely browned. Top with Cinnamon Walnut Butter and additional maple syrup, if desired.nCombine the butter, maple syrup, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt in a bowl and mix until well blended. Serve with pancakes., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Salt, 1 13 cups lowfat buttermilk, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, plus more for serving, optional, 12 cup diced apples, 34 cup Jimmy DeanR Hearty Original Sausage Crumbles, 2 tablespoons butter, for greasing griddle, Cinnamon Walnut Butter, recipe follows, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons toasted walnuts, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt], title: Sausage Apple Pancakes with Walnut Butter, picturelink: null}, 34229: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan stainless steel, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 30 to 45 minutes or until liquid is reduced by half.nCarefully puree with stick blender or blender until smooth. Check for seasoning and serve in small ramekins., ingredients: [1 pound frozen cranberries, 2 cups orange juice, 3 cups ginger ale, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 orange, zested], title: Tart Cranberry Dipping Sauce, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 34230: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Line baking sheets with silpats French nonstick baking mats. or parchment paper. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add flour 12 cup at a time, mixing on low speed until well combined. Remove bowl from mixer with a wooden spoon or your hands, stir in coconut, sesame seeds, and pecans. Divide dough into thirds. Roll into logs about 1 12 inches in diameter. Wrap each log in plastic, and refrigerate until very firm, about 2 hours. Using a sharp knife, cut logs into 14inchthick slices. Transfer to prepared baking sheets, about 1 12 inches apart. Bake until edges are golden, 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer sheets to a wire rack to cool. Cool for 5 minutes on baking sheets before transferring cookies to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups shredded sweetened coconut, 1cup sesame seeds, 12 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Sesame Coconut Cookies, picturelink: null}, 34231: {instructions: In an 8quart cast iron pot, heat oil on medium to high heat. Add pork and cook until water evaporates and pork is starting to brown. Remove excess oil leaving just a small amount in bottom of pot. Add onions to oil and cook on medium to high heat until the onions and pork have fully browned. Add water and sausage to pot and bring to a boil. Add salt, black pepper, red pepper, garlic powder and hot sauce, to taste. Boil on medium heat 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd rice and stir frequently to keep from sticking to pot. Stir for 7 to 8 minutes until rice has soaked up liquid. Put lid on pot and heat on low for 10 minutes. Lift lid and run spoon on side of pot 4 times to allow water to drain to bottom. Seal rice with back of spoon and replace lid. Cook for 15 minutes, then turn off the heat. Turn rice over with spoon to fluff and serve., ingredients: [1 cup cooking oil, 2 pounds ground pork, 1 pound yellow onions, chopped, 4 cups water, 1 pound ground sausage, Pinch salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch red pepper, Pinch garlic powder, Dash hot sauce, 1 pound long grain rice recommended: Mahatma brand], title: Pork and Sausage Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 34232: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or large nonstick skillet to medium high to high heat. Coat chicken in oil and grill seasoning and cook 3 minutes on each side in 2 batches. Pile up meat and shred it with a sharp knife.nPlace peanut butter in a medium, microwave safe bowl and soften in the microwave on high for 20 seconds. Whisk soy, apple juice, hot sauce and lime juice into peanut butter. Toss chicken with satay sauce. Combine shredded veggies. Place 14 of veggies on sandwich bottoms and top with 14 satay chicken mixture. Set the bun tops in place and serve or wrap for travel., ingredients: [1 12 pounds thin cut chicken breast meat cutlets, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Grill seasoning recommended: Grill Mates Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick or coarse salt and pepper, 3 rounded tablespoons chunky peanut butter, 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce, Tamari, eyeball it, 14 cup apple juice, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, 1 lime, juiced, 14 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced lengthwise then cut into sticks, 1 cup shredded carrots, 2 cups shredded lettuce, iceberg or hearts of romaine, 4 crusty rolls, Kaisers or subs, split], title: Chicken Satay Salad Sammies, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 34233: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees and butter a 3quart gratin or shallow baking dish. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Peel potatoes and cut into thin slices about 18inch thick. Add potatoes to boiling water and parcook 4 minutes. Drain potatoes well in a colander.nIn gratin or baking dish arrange potatoes, overlapping them, in 3 layers, sprinkling first 2 layers each with 12 cup Gruyere and salt and peppers to taste.nHeat milk, cream and nutmeg in a small bowl. Season mixture with salt and pepper and pour evenly over potatoes. Sprinkle potatoes with remaining 12 cup cheese and bake 30 minutes, or until top is golden and potatoes are tender., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 1 12 cups coarsely grated Gruyere cheese about 6 ounces, 1 cup milk, heated just to boiling, 1 cup heavy cream, heated just to boiling, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Gruyere Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 34234: {instructions: Fill a large bowl with a handful of ice and water. Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the beans and cook until tender but still crunchy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to an ice bath to cool. Drain beans on paper towels, then cut into 1inch pieces.nIn a large serving bowl toss together beans, olives, red pepper, onion, cheese, and salami. In a separate bowl whisk in order, the red wine vinegar, sugar, oil and black pepper, to taste. Pour over salad, toss and serve., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound string beans, 14 cup sliced Spanish olives, 14 cup chopped roasted red pepper, 12 cup chopped red onion, 1 cup cubed provolone cheese, 2 cups cubed salami, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Antipasto Salad, picturelink: null}, 34235: {instructions: Place the simple syrup, mascarpone cheese, limoncello, and salt in a food processor. Process until the mixture is smooth. Pour the mixture into an 8by8inch glass baking dish. Freeze for at least 4 hours or until the mixture is firm.nUsing the tines of a fork, scrape the mixture into small serving bowls or glasses. Serve immediately.nLemon Simple SyrupnIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, lemon zest, and lemon juice over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes.nYield: 1 34 cups, ingredients: [1 12 cups Lemon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup limoncello liqueur, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 cups water, 1 lemon, zested and juiced], title: Limoncello Granita, picturelink: A8zDQMGdSjwcz2bXKj.6MiI3PXEvG}, 34236: {instructions: Adjust the oven rack to the top shelf. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil.nHeat the milk in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cheeses to the hot milk and start melting. With a wooden spoon, stir gently but continuously, until all the cheeses are melted together.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook your pasta according to the directions on the box, and, as always, to make sure you achieve a proper al dente texture, drain it about 2 minutes before what is indicated.nToss the penne and the cheese sauce together, season with salt and a generous amount of ground black pepper. Divide the penne between ten 6ounce ramekins. Top with a light sprinkling of breadcrumbs and a grating of Parmesan.nTurn the broiler on high and broil until golden and crisp on top, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup whole milk, 4 ounces gorgonzola, cut into small cubes, 4 ounces taleggio, cut into small cubes, 2 ounces gruyere, grated, 2 ounces Parmesan, grated, plus more for topping, 1 pound mezze pasta short penne, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup plain dried breadcrumbs], title: Penne ai Quattro Formaggi Mac n Cheese, picturelink: null}, 34237: {instructions: In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg yolks until thick and pale, beat in the butter, lemon juice, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, and white pepper and beat the mixture until combined.nIn another bowl beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and a pinch of salt until they hold soft peaks and fold them into the yolk mixture.nLine a buttered 15 12by10 12by1 inch jelly roll pan with waxed paper and butter and flour the paper. Spoon the mixture into the pan, spreading it evenly, and bake it in a preheated 350 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until puffed and golden brown. Invert the egg sponge onto a baking sheet lined with wax paper and peel off the waxed paper on the top.nFilling: In a saucepan cook the onion and garlic in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring until the onion is softened. Add the spinach, and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the excess moisture has evaporated. Stir in the cream cheese and cook the mixture, stirring, until the cheese has melted. Stir in the lemon juice, sour cream, mustard, parsley, and salt and pepper, and puree the mixture in a food processor fitted with the metal blade or in a blender.nSpread the puree evenly over the egg sponge, leaving a 1inch border on all sides. Beginning with a long side, roll up the egg sponge jellyroll fashion, peeling away the waxed paper as you roll. Trim the ends and transfer the roulade, seam side down, to a flameproof platter. Sprinkle the roulade with the Parmesan and the bread crumbs, brown the topping under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Cut the roulade into 1inch slices. Serve with Tomato Coulis.nGarnish with halved yellow pear or cherry tomatoes.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over low heat. Cook onion, mushrooms, shallot, leek, and salt until soft, about 7 minutes. Add brandy and 14 cup Madeira. Turn heat to high and light alcohol with a match. Cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by half.nAdd chicken stock, tomatoes, thyme, and bay leaf. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Puree in a food processor or blender and strain.nReturn to pan and place over medium heat. Whisk in remaining tablespoon butter, broken in small pieces, and remaining tablespoon Madeira. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [6 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste, 6 large egg whites at room temperature, Pinch of cream of tartar, 1 onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 ounces cream cheese, cut into bits, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, 13 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon fine fresh bread crumbs, Tomato coulis recipe follows, Yellow pear or cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 small onion, thinly sliced, 3 mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 small leek, white part, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon brandy, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon Madeira, 1 cup chicken stock or canned broth, 3 ripe tomatoes, chopped with skins, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Roulade, picturelink: null}, 34238: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 12 12cup muffin cups with paper liners.nWhisk flours, oat bran, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl.nLightly beat the eggs and egg white in a medium bowl. Stir in the buttermilk, brown sugar, and oil. Stir the liquid mixture into the flour mixture until just evenly moist the batter will be very thick. Fold in the dried fruit. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Top with the walnuts. Bake until firm when pressed gently, about 25 minutes. Turn the muffins out of the cups and cool on a rack serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup wholewheat flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup oat bran, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg white, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chopped dried fruit medley, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Multigrain Muffin, picturelink: null}, 34239: {instructions: In a large skillet, combine the oil, pepper flakes, oregano, and garlic. Place the skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until aromatic.nAdd the mushrooms and roasted peppers and cook, stirring, until heated through. Serve immediately with meat, chicken or fish.nVariation: If making as a vegetarian main dish, add 12 bag chopped spinach and 2 scallions, sliced thinly. Serve with couscous or noodles., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons crushed red pepper flakes, 4 tablespoons crushed dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 large portobello mushroom caps, cleaned, and sliced into 12inch strips, 2 12ounce jars roasted red peppers, drained and sliced], title: Spicy Portobello Mushrooms and Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 34240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a blender, add the olive oil, mayonnaise, Parmesan, parsley, sugar, vinegar, black pepper, salt, red pepper flakes, garlic and lemon juice and blend until pureed.nFor the salad: Put the romaine and iceberg greens in a large bowl and toss with the dressing. Top the salad with the pepperoncini, olives, tomatoes and onions. Sprinkle with Parmesan at the end., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup grated Parmesan pregrated in a pack from the store, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, pressed, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 head romaine lettuce, roughly chopped, 12 head iceberg lettuce, chunked, 6 whole pepperoncini, 12 cup whole black olives, 12 cup whole red cherry tomatoes, 12 small red onion, very thinly sliced into circles, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Quick Italian Salad, picturelink: FrggI2IOJLYDkJS8VPRFg2DKp5hPXLG}, 34241: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Preheat grill.nPlace tomatilla and pepper on a cooking tray and roast for 20 minutes, or until tender and lightly brown. Cool completely. Place in food processor or blender with remaining salsa ingredients. Puree until smooth.nHeat grill or grill pan until smoking, making sure the grill is very clean. Brush grill with oil and allow to burn off. Brush the shrimp with oil and sprinkle all sides with salt and pepper. Place on grill and cook 4 minutes on each side. Serve immediately with the tomatilla salsa., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillas, papery skin removed and washed, 1 small poblano pepper, 14 bunch each, cilantro and parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound 12 pieces shrimp, head and shells on, Oil for brushing], title: Grilled Shrimp with Tomatilla Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34242: {instructions: Add 4 cups water to a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep for 7 minutes. Remove the tea bags and stir in the agave nectar. Let the tea cool before adding it to a large pitcher along with 2 cups ice and 2 more cups water. Add the orange slices before serving., ingredients: [7 green tea bags, 12 cup agave nectar, 1 orange, sliced], title: Green Tea and Orange Cooler, picturelink: O4oroHNgVdkhTIQJKwZRCxbZaQKQYG}, 34243: {instructions: Heat a 4 to 6quart heavybottomed pot over low heat, and add the bacon. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium, and cook until the bacon is crisp and golden brown. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat, leaving the bacon in the pot. Add the olive oil and garlic, and cook for 30 seconds. Add the onion, celery, bell pepper, carrots, bay leaves, oregano, and crushed red pepper. Saute, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until vegetables are softened but not browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the potatoes and clam broth. The broth should just barely cover the potatoes if it doesnt, add enough water to cover. Increase the heat, bring to a boil, cover, and cook the potatoes vigorously until they are soft on the outside but still firm in the center, about 10 minutes. If the broth hasnt thickened lightly, smash a few potatoes against the side of the pot, and cook 1 to 2 minutes more to release the starch. Add the tomatoes, and simmer 5 minutes more. Remove pot from the heat, stir in the diced clams and parsley, and season with salt and black pepper. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has chilled completely. Otherwise, let it sit at room temperature for up to 1 hour, allowing the flavor to meld. When ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat dont let it boil. Ladle into cups or bowls, making sure the clams, vegetables, and bacon are evenly divided.nScrub the clams, and rinse clean. Bring 2 cups of water to a boil in an 8quart stockpot over high heat. Add the clams, and cover tightly. After 5 minutes, uncover, and stir the clams with a wooden spoon. Quickly cover the pot again, and let steam for 5 minutes more, or until most of the clams have opened. Dont wait for them all to open, or they will be overcooked. It should only take a little tug or prying to open the stragglers once they are all removed from the heat. The total cooking time for large cherrystones will be about 10 minutes quahogs will need as much as 5 more minutes. While the clams are steaming, the broth should become foamy and light. It usually spills over a bit just as the clams are cooked and ready. As soon as you remove the clams from the stove, carefully pour as much of the broth as you can into a tall, narrow container. Let the broth sit for 10 minutes, then carefully pour through a finemesh strainer. After sitting, 99 percent of the grit will have collected at the bottom of the container. If you are not using the broth within the hour, chill it as quickly as possible, and cover it after it has completely cooled. Keep refrigerated for up to 3 days or frozen for up to 2 months. Remove the clams from their shells, cover, and refrigerate. After they have cooled a bit, dice them into 12inch pieces. Cover again, and keep refrigerated until ready to use.nYield: about 1 quart broth and 2 cups clam meat, ingredients: [4 ounces slab unsliced bacon, rind removed and cut into 13inch dice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped 1 tablespoon, 1 large onion 10 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, 2 stalks celery 4 ounces, cut into 13inch dice, 1 medium green bell pepper 6 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, 2 medium carrots 4 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, Dried bay leaves, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon crushed redpepper flakes, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold, Maine, PEI, or other allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 5 cups Clam Broth, recipe follows, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in juice, cut into 12inch dice, Diced clams reserved from Clam Broth recipe, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 pounds small quahogs or large cherrystone clams, 2 cups water], title: Jaspers Manhattan Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 34244: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSalt and pepper the short ribs. In a heavy pot, heat a couple tablespoons of olive oil over high heat. Sear the short ribs on all sides, about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium high. Add the carrots, garlic and onion and begin to cook, stirring. After a minute or 2, pour in the wine and broth and stir to combine. Set the short ribs back in the pot, put on the lid, transfer to the oven and bake until the short ribs are tender and literally falling off the bone, 2 12 to 3 hours.nTransfer the ribs to a board, then remove the meat from the bones and shred. Skim the fat from the top of the vegetables, return the meat to the pot and stir.nMeanwhile, bake the baguette until warm, about 10 minutes. Split it down the middle and spoon the short rib meat down the length of the bottom of the baguette. Then spoon the veggies and some sauce over the top. Place the other half of the baguette on top, then slice into pieces with a sharp serrated knife. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds beef short ribs, Olive oil, for searing, 3 carrots, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup beef broth, 1 baguette], title: Short Rib Sandwiches, picturelink: 3rlQ38sSGq5mBH7sWEVik9ZcvcHgJry}, 34245: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 2 baking sheets with nonstick spray.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out both halves of the dough to large rectangles, about 9 by 13 inches. Sprinkle each with the sweet peppers, garlic, and Italian seasoning, leaving a 1inch border. Evenly distribute the ham, sopressata, salami, pepperoni, and mozzarella over each of the dough rectangles.nUsing a pastry brush, paint the border of 1 long edge on each piece of dough with the egg wash. Starting at the opposite long end without the egg wash, roll up each dough like a jellyroll. Repeat with the other dough. Place on the prepared baking sheets and brush the tops with olive oil. Sprinkle with smoked salt, if desired. Place a few slits in the top of the dough for venting. Bake until nearly completely golden brown and starting to crisp, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool for about 10 minutes. Slice thickly and serve with the warmed marinara., ingredients: [Canola oil nonstick spray, Flour, for dusting, 1 pizza dough, divided in half, 1 cup sweet marinated peppers, chopped recommended: Peppadew, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 14 pound sliced ham, 14 pound sliced hot sopressata, 14 pound sliced salami, 14 pound thinly sliced pepperoni, 4 cups grated mozzarella, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Olive oil, for brushing, Smoked salt optional, 2 cups good quality marinara sauce, warmed], title: Meat Lovers Stromboli, picturelink: null}, 34246: {instructions: In an aluminum baking tray on a preheated grill, mix mole and olive oil together. Add the chocolate and cook until it melts, stirring frequently to keep the chocolate from scorching. Set aside and keep warm.nToss shrimp with salt, garlic powder and paprika and grill until pink, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove shrimp from grill and chop into pieces. Grill jalapenos and onion slices until nicely marked and slightly softened.nGrill tortillas, turning, until they are warm and pliable. Dip each tortilla in the mole sauce to cover completely. Place some shrimp in each tortilla, roll up loosely, and set seam down in mole. Sprinkle the top with mozzarella cheese and grill, covered, until cheese melts.nPut 2 or 3 enchiladas on a serving plate, and top with sliced lettuce, grilled onions, tomatoes, and queso fresco. Sprinkle chili de arbol powder over the top, and serve with lime wedges and grilled jalapenos., ingredients: [14 cup mole sauce recommended: Dona Maria or your favorite prepared mole sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small piece Mexican chocolate about 14 of an individual round, 18 medium shrimp, peeled, tail removed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 6 small jalapeno peppers, 1 large white onion, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 6 corn tortillas, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 head romaine lettuce, sliced, 1 tomato, sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup crumbled Mexican queso fresco, Chili de arbol powder, for garnish, 1 lime, quartered], title: Shrimp Enchiladas with Mole, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 34247: {instructions: Finely grate the bittersweet chocolate. Place the milk powder, grated chocolate, and cayenne pepper, to taste, in a large mixing bowl and combine thoroughly. Spoon the mixture into attractive tins or jars and tie the cinnamon stick to the jar. Label the jar with the following instructions:nUse 12cup of chocolate mixture with each cup of hot milk or water. When making the hot chocolate, be sure to boil the chocolate milk for at least 15 seconds. Use the cinnamon stick to stir. Serving with marshmallows is optional., ingredients: [3 pounds bittersweet chocolate, 1 pound 2 ounces whole dry milk powder, Cayenne pepper, 1 large stick cinnamon], title: Jacques Hot Hot Chocolate, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 34248: {instructions: 1 container 15 ounces BUITONI Refrigerated Roasted Garlic Marinara SaucenHEAT sauce according to package directions.nPREPARE pasta according to package directions.nADD sauce to pasta gently toss. Top each serving with basil and cheese.nServe immediately., ingredients: [1 package 9 ounces BUITONI Refrigerated Whole Wheat Four Cheese Ravioli, 2 tablespoons shredded fresh basil, 2 tablespoons BUITONI Refrigerated Freshly Shredded Parmesan Cheese], title: Whole Wheat Cheese Ravioli with Garlic Herb Sauce and Fresh Basil, picturelink: hvj79eQEPzHwjefsPLVxHbvLP0Di6}, 34249: {instructions: Split the vanilla bean in half and with a back of a paring knife scrape the inside of its seeds. In a medium saucepan, add the 4 cups of cherries, red wine, 12 cup sugar and the vanilla bean and its seeds. Cook over medium heat for 15 minutes, remove vanilla bean. Keep stewed cherries warm.nTo make Cherry Chocolate Beinets. In a large saucepan, heat up the oil for frying to 360 degrees F. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt, set aside. In another medium bowl whisk eggs with oil, remaining 14 cup sugar and milk. Add flour mixture to egg mixture, stir in melted chocolate and dried cherries. Roll 2 tablespoons of batter into balls. Fry each side for 1 minute. Transfer beinets to a rack.nTo serve, place about 13 cup of the poached cherries with liquid in a soup bowl. Place 2 to 3 beinets on top and garnish with cocoasugar dusting.nIn a small bowl combine cocoa powder and sugar., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 4 cups cherries, pitted and halved, 12 cup red wine, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, 1ounce vegetable oil, 14 cup whole milk, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 2 ounces dried cherries, 6 cups vegetable oil, for frying, CocoaSugar Dusting, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 12 cup sugar], title: Cherry Chocolate Beignets with Vanilla Stewed Cherries, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 34250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 9inch diameter by 1 12inch deep layer pans or 1 13 by 9 by 2inch pan, buttered and bottoms lined with parchment or waxed papernThe fine moist crumb of this cake complements any type of filling and frosting  the perfect celebratory cake.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, beat butter and sugar for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. Combine egg whites, milk and vanilla extract. Add 13 of the flour mixture to butter mixture then add half the milk mixture. Continue to alternate beginning and ending with flour mixture. Scrape bowl and beater often. Pour batter into prepared pans and smooth top with a metal spatula. Bake cakes about 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center emerges clean. Cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a rack, remove paper and let cool completely.nVariation:nCLASSIC YELLOW CAKE Substitute 3 large eggs and 1 egg yolk for all of the egg whites above.n2 9inch diameter by 1 12inch deep layer pans or 1 13 by 9 by 2inch pan, buttered and bottoms lined with parchment or waxed paper., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 large egg whites 34 cup, 34 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Classic White Cake, picturelink: 2a9Lj9NaeAQ6xgeeHY9LVVzA7i0BSG}, 34251: {instructions: Heat a wok or large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Heat the oils and when almost smoking, add eggplant and peppers. Cook for 4 minutes, until softened, and add snow peas and scallions. In a bowl, dissolve the sugar in the soy sauce and add to pan. Cook for 2 minutes and serve over rice.nTIP:nROASTED EGGPLANTnRoast eggplant halved or whole in 400 oven for about 30 minutes until skin is dark brown and flesh is soft. Remove skin and add eggplant to food processor. Add one clove minced garlic, a squeeze of lemon, a teaspoon of cumin and salt to taste. Blend to combine and serve with chips, ingredients: [2 tablespoons of sesame oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 Asian eggplants, sliced on bias 12inch thick, 2 red peppers, sliced thinly, 1 12 cups snow peas, 5 scallions, cut on bias in 1 12 inches long pieces, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce, cooked rice], title: Curtis Eggplant Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 34252: {instructions: Wet the rim of 4 short glasses and dip in a mixture of 2 tablespoons coarse salt and 1 12 teaspoons chili powder. Fill a cocktail shaker twothirds of the way with ice. Add 1 cup tequila, 1 cup pineapple juice, 12 cup fresh lime juice and 112 tablespoons agave nectar. Shake well, then strain into the glasses.nPhotograph my Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [], title: PineappleChili Margaritas, picturelink: jQ7Q6L9r4VVQvAygZ2I0J6jD0tX0NgW}, 34253: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine apricots, figs and raisins over medium heat. Add apple juice and chicken broth. Add sage, butter, ginger, garlic, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the fruits are reconstituted and the liquid is reduced by half, about 25 minutes. Transfer the fruit mixture to a blender or food processor and puree until thick and smooth.nCarve a tunnel through the center of the loin with a sharpening steel or wooden dowel. Widen the tunnel using your fingers. Inject the sauce into the opening using a pastry bag fitted with a metal tip. The filling should go all the way through the loin. Rub the pork all over with oil, herbs, salt and pepper. Sear the pork on a hot grill on all sides then transfer to a large baking pan. Bake in a preheated 375 degrees F oven. Roast until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of the roast registers 160 degrees F, about 35 to 45 minutes. Transfer pork roast to a cutting board let stand 10 minutes before carving into pinwheels. Serve with pan juices., ingredients: [14 pound dried apricot halves, 14 pound dried figs, 13 cup golden raisins, 12 cup apple juice, 1 cup chicken broth, low sodium, 4 fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 pounds pork loin, boneless, Vegetable oil, Fresh herbs, such as parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme], title: Dried Fruit Stuffed Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 34254: {instructions: Parboil zucchini for a minute, drain, pat dry and divide among four dinner plates. Set zucchini in concentric circles on a plate. Combine the olive oil, lime peel and juice, cumin, cardamom and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Taste and adjust for acidity. Spoon dressing over zucchini. When chicken is done, set it skin side up over zucchini., ingredients: [4 small slender zucchini, cut into 14inch rounds and parboiled for 1 minute, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Grated zest and juice of two large limes, 14 teaspoon each ground cumin and cardamom, 14 teaspoon pressed or minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Squash Salad, picturelink: null}, 34255: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring pineapple juice, broth, orange juice and butter to a boil. Stir in rice and seasoning packet. Bring to a boil.nCover tightly and reduce heat to mediumlow to low. Simmer until all liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes.nFluff rice with a fork, stir in almonds and serve., ingredients: [1 cup pineapple juice, 1 cup low sodium chicken broth, 13 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 6ounce box long grain and wild rice mix, with seasoning packet, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Almond Wild Rice, picturelink: null}, 34256: {instructions: Season chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Dip chicken in flour, then eggs, coating well. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook chicken, turning once, 5 minutes or until thoroughly cooked. Remove chicken and set aside.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet and cook shallots and thyme, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes or until shallots are tender. Stir in lemon juice and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce, parsley and lemon peel heat through. Spoon Sauce over chicken and serve, if desired, with hot cooked rice or pasta.nCost per recipe: 9.97.nCost per serving: 2.49.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., pounded thin, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, divided, 14 cup chopped shallots or onion, 1 tsp. fresh thyme leaves or 12 tsp. dried thyme leaves, crushed, 3 Tbsp. lemon juice, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Alfredo Sauce, 1 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tsp. grated lemon peel optional], title: Creamy Chicken Piccata, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 34257: {instructions: Place the chocolate chunks in a blender and pulse several times until broken into small pieces. Or grate by hand. Meanwhile, bring the milk to boil in a small pot. Pour the hot milk over the chocolate, cover with the vent open and blend until thoroughly combined and frothy. Or whisk with a whip for 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 3ounce tablet Mexicanstyle chocolate, roughly chopped, 3 cups milk], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 34258: {instructions: Trim mushroom stems. If you are using shiitakes or portobellos and stems are not too tough, separate stems from caps and cut stems into thin slivers. First braise them in broth for 10 minutes before sauteing to tenderize stems. Keep caps whole or coarsely slice. If using cultivated mushrooms, simply trim 14inch off of bottom stem wipe caps with damp cloth of brush and slice coarsely. Heat oil or butter in large wide skillet and saute shallots for a minute. Add mushroom slices or mushroom caps and saute just over high heat until browned. If appropriate, add stems and broth and evaporate over high heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper and add herbs if you wish. To serve spoon over grilled chicken use as base for tortellini soup or pizza topping., ingredients: [1 pound cultivated, shiitake, or portobello mushrooms choose one or several types, 12 cup chicken broth, optional for braising stems, 4 tablespoons olive oil or butter, 14 cup minced shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs like parsley or tarragon, optional], title: Mess of Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 34259: {instructions: Dip the rim of a tall glass into the egg whites, and then the sugar. Put the rum, Triple Sec, and juices into a cocktail shaker. Shake to mix. Fill the glass with the ice and pour the cocktail over it. Decorate with cherries, pineapple, andor orange slices, and drink with a straw., ingredients: [1 egg white, lightly beaten, Sugar, 12 cup white rum, 14 cup Triple Sec, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Crushed ice, Cocktail cherries, Pineapple cubes, Orange slices], title: Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 34260: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the water and the mint leaves to a boil. Turn off the heat, cover, and let the mint leaves steep for 5 minutes. Let the mint water cool to room temperature.nPlace the mint water including leaves peaches, ice cream and 1 cup of ice cubes in a blender and puree until smooth. Serve immediately in chilled glasses and garnish with a slice of peach and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, plus extra mint sprigs for garnish, 3 cups chopped fresh peaches about 5 peaches, plus a few extra slices for garnish, 1 cup vanilla ice cream], title: Peachy Mint Shake, picturelink: wzzopPDme.ywLrcbyDPtIQrvEG.S1wi}, 34261: {instructions: For the bacon confit: Blot the bacon with paper towels and place in a small roasting dish Combine the cinnamon, cloves, pepper and thyme in a small bowl. Rub the bacon with the spice mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours and up to 12 hours.nMelt the bacon fat in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the bacon and cook slowly until golden brown and crisp on one side, about 10 minutes. Turn the bacon and increase the heat to mediumhigh. Cook the bacon until crisp, about 10 more minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl, drizzle with a splash of vinegar and garnish with parsley. Reserve the bacon fat for the mustard greens.nFor the roasted tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Mix together the oil, thyme and some salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes in a baking dish and drizzle with the oil mixture. Then sprinkle with the sugar. Bake the tomatoes until they are completely softened and start to wrinkle, 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the cheese grits: Bring 6 cups of water and the milk to a boil in a medium saucepan and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the grits and bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, whisking constantly. Cook until mixture is thick and tender, about 30 minutes, adding more water, if needed. Mix in the Cheddar and PecorinoRomano until thoroughly incorporated. Season with some salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the sauteed baby mustard greens: Heat the butter and 2 tablespoons of the reserved bacon fat in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the red pepper flakes and garlic and cook until the garlic is softened, about 1 minute. Add the mustard greens and season with salt and pepper. Toss just to coat with the fat. Add a splash of water and cook until the greens are just wilted, about 2 minutes.nFor the shrimp: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add 8 to 10 shrimp, sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until wellseared and crisp but just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining shrimp.nOn a serving platter or individual plates, spoon and slightly spread a mound of hot grits if they have gotten too stiff, thin them a bit by whisking in hot water over low heat. Spoon the tomatoes on top, then add the greens and bacon. Top with the shrimp., ingredients: [Bacon Confit:, 2pound piece thickslab bacon, rind removed, cut into lardons, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground dried thyme, 4 ounces bacon fat, cut into pieces, Aged sherry vinegar, Finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Roasted Tomatoes:, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, Pinch sugar, Cheese Grits:, 2 cups milk, 2 cups stoneground yellow grits, 1 12 cups grated aged white Cheddar, 12 cup freshly grated PecorinoRomano, Hot water to thin grits, if necessary, Sauteed Baby Mustard Greens:, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 1 pound baby mustard greens, washed, Shrimp:, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 16 colossal shrimp 15 and under shelled and deveined, tail on], title: Deconstructed Roasted Tomato Grits and Shrimp, with Sauteed Baby Mustard Greens and Bacon Confit, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 34262: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix pumpkin filling and eggs thoroughly. Combine all dry ingredients together and sift so there are no lumps. Add sifted dry ingredients to pumpkin mixture and mix well. Gradually add the milk and cream. Pour into 4ounce bomb molds. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until set in the center., ingredients: [26 ounces canned pumpkin, 6 whole eggs, 10 ounces granulated sugar, 4 ounces brown sugar, 12 ounce cornstarch, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ginger, Pinch salt, 20 ounces milk, 2 ounces heavy cream], title: Inside Out, Upside Down Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 34263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a 7 14quart Dutch oven on mediumhigh heat, then melt butter and add oil. Season chicken generously with salt and pepper and sear until golden on both sides, about 8 minutes. Remove from pot and set aside. Add carrots, onion, celery, and apple, the whole habanero, garlic, bay leaves, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and saute until they start to soften, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add wine and let reduce by half, scraping up any brown bits remaining on the bottom of the pot. Nestle chicken into pot and add enough broth to almost cover the chicken, about 1 12 cups and the gravy sauce. Cover and simmer for 1 hour 45 minutes or until chicken falls off the bone. In the last half hour, remove the lid and let liquid reduce.nTo make the gravy: In a medium saucepan, melt butter with oil over medium highheat. Add giblets and brown on all sides, about 6 minutes. Add onion and continue cooking another 5 minutes, until onions start to soften. Add flour and stir, cooking another 3 to 5 minutes. Whisk in the stock. Bring to a simmer and strain. Discard giblets and put gravy back in the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm on the stove and add to braised chicken once its cooked.nServe Braised Chicken over Coconut Rice n PeasnHeat olive oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and salt and saute, until onion becomes translucent and tender, about 5 minutes. Add rice and saute another 2 minutes to toast rice. Add coconut milk and fill saucepan with enough water to cover the rice by 12inch or measure by placing your thumb tip on the rice and filling the pot with water until the water reaches the middle of your thumbnail. Bring rice to a simmer, cover and cook until rice is tender and liquid has evaporated, about 15 to 17 minutes.nRemove from heat and let rice stand another 5 minutes, covered. Fluff rice with fork and then fold in pigeon peas. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nYield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 pieces chicken 2 breasts cut in half, 2 thighs, 2 legs, skin removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 onion, cut into chunks, 2 celery stalks, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cut into 8 wedges, 1 habanero chile, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 dry bay leaves, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, tied into a bundle, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon concentrated gravy sauce recommended: Gravy Master, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Chicken giblets, 12 cup diced onion, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, Coconut Rice n Peas, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups longgrain rice, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 12ounce can pigeon peas, drained and rinsed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Braised Chicken, picturelink: 0kuiYxtR3QN8Mm1zJvpTAnqMaCbEyZi}, 34264: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the pecans on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden and fragrant, 6 minutes roughly chop.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat on one side and medium heat on the other. Lightly brush the peaches with oil and grill over medium until nicely marked, about 4 minutes per side. Meanwhile, place a flat castiron skillet on the grill over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp transfer to a papertowellined plate.nCombine the spinach, red onion, grilled peaches, pecans and bacon in a large bowl.nMake the dressing: Mash the blue cheese with a fork in a bowl. Mix in the buttermilk, sour cream, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss with the salad just before serving.nPhotography by Miki Duisterhof, ingredients: [12 cup pecans, 4 ripe peaches, pitted and quartered, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 12 pound hickorysmoked bacon, roughly chopped, 8 cups baby spinach, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup 4 ounces crumbled Danish blue cheese, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup sour cream, 14 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spinach Salad with Grilled Peaches, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 34265: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salmon: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nHeat the oil in a heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until translucent and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until the liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and wilt for 4 minutes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Let cool.nDust a flat working surface with flour. Using a rolling pin, roll out the sheets of puff pastry into 14inch thickness each 12 by 12 inches. Put the pastry sheets sidebyside so they overlap slightly, by about 12 inch. Brush the overlapping strip with the beaten egg, stick both sheets together at the strip and seal with a fork. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet.nSpoon the cooled mushroomspinach mixture over one side of the puff pastry rectangle. To make an even rectangle out of the salmon fillet, you can cut the top portion off of the belly and add it to the tail part. Place the fillet over the mushroomspinach mixture. Season the salmon heavily with salt and pepper. Fold the other side of the rectangle over the filling and seal by brushing the edge with egg wash and crimping as you would a pie crust you can use a fork I crimped like a pie crust with my fingers. Fold the remaining 2 open edges of pastry under the salmon fillet. Brush everything with the egg wash.nBake until the puff pastry is crisp and golden in color, 25 minutes. Let stand for about 8 minutes before slicing.nFor the dill sauce: Put the clam juice in a heavy saucepot and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and reduce to 12 cup. Add the Mexican crema and heavy cream and reduce to 1 cup. Add the flour and whisk while boiling until thickened. Add the dill and season with salt and pepper.nSlice the salmon into 1 14 to 1 12inch slices. Serve immediately with the dill sauce., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the foil, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 medium shallots, finely chopped, 9 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced into 14inchthick slices, 5 ounces baby spinach leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for rolling out the pastry, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 large egg, beaten, One 2pound side of salmon fillet, skinless, 23 cup clam juice, 34 cup Mexican crema, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons minced fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Puff PastryWrapped Salmon, picturelink: Tyc.21DP4ADG8mUZH9NHrupP1YYHK5e}, 34266: {instructions: Toppings: Redcabbage slaw and crumbled bacon on red potato skinsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: RedSlaw Skins Potato Skins, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 34267: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain and reserve 12 cup of the pasta water.nMeanwhile, lay the bacon in a large ovenproof skillet and cook over medium heat until brown and slightly crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat, transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings. Break up the bacon into bitesize pieces.nReturn the skillet to medium heat, add the garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and juices, reserved pasta water, crushed red pepper, basil, escarole and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens and the escarole wilts, 15 to 20 minutes.nMix together the ricotta and Parmesan. Add the cooked pasta and mozzarella to the sauce and stir to thoroughly coat. Drop spoonfuls of the ricottaParmesan mixture on top. Sprinkle with the bacon pieces and bake until bubbly and the cheese melts, 15 to 20 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes before serving. Garnish with additional basil if using., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces whole wheat fusilli pasta, 3 strips bacon, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, with juices, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 to 5 whole fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, optional, 12 small head escarole, torn into bitesize pieces about 4 cups, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 8 ounces partskim mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes], title: BLT Pasta Skillet, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 34268: {instructions: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large mixing bowl. Set aside.nArrange the bacon strips flat in a single layer in the bottom of a 12inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook until rendered and crispy, about 8 minutes. Transfer the bacon to one end of a papertowellined plate to drain save room for the jalapeno. Add the jalapeno to the bacon drippings and cook until softened and slightly browned, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the jalapeno to the plate next to the bacon. Roughly chop the bacon and return to the plate.nCarefully remove 2 tablespoons of the bacon drippings from the pan, leaving the rest. Keep the pan at the ready for baking the cornbread.nWhisk together the buttermilk, oil and eggs in a medium bowl. Add the buttermilk mixture to the cornmeal mixture and use a rubber spatula to fold the dry ingredients into the wet until completely incorporated. Mix in the Cheddar, bacon and jalapeno.nUsing a pastry brush, spread the bacon drippings up the sides and around the bottom of the pan. Heat the pan over mediumlow heat until the fat just starts to sizzle. Pour in the cornbread batter, allowing the heat to quickly set the bottom crust.nPut the pan into the oven and bake until golden brown and a wooden skewer inserted into the middle of the cornbread comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and baste the top crust with the butter. Cool for 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups cornmeal, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 strips centercut applewoodsmoked bacon, 2 jalapeno chiles, seeded, deveined and finely diced, 2 cups buttermilk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 8 ounces white Cheddar, shredded about 2 12 cups, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Jalapeno, Bacon and Cheddar Cornbread, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 34269: {instructions: For the spiced soy milk marinade: Pour the soy milk in a wide baking dish. Whisk in the garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne, and black pepper. Add the halibut pieces to marinate, for at least 30 minutes, maximum 24 hours.nFor the shoreline fried halibut: Heat the vegetable oil in a cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat, or heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees F in a large heavybottomed pot to 13 full.nLine a baking tray with paper towel.nPut the flour in a paper bag.nRemove the halibut from the soy marinade and put, a few pieces at a time in a paper bag, shake well and cook either in a cast iron pan to shallow fry or heavybottomed pot to deep fry.nFor cooking in a cast iron pan, turn the halibut over on all sides until golden brown, approximately or if deep frying, cook until golden brown and crisp approximately 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the shoreline fry halibut from heat, season with salt and pepper and repeat with the remaining halibut.nFor the soy sauce aioli: Put the mayonnaise, soy sauce, and sesame oil in a bowl and mix well to combine. Cover and put in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nFor the mushy edamame: Cook the edamame in heavily salted boiling water, approximately 20 minutes, until the edamame is soft and tender. Reserve 1 cup cooking water and drain the edamame.nPut the edamame, 12 cup cooking water and 14 cup olive oil in a blender. Puree the edamame until smooth, add more water, if necessary. Remove the mixture from the blender and season with salt, and set aside to cool.nFor the vanilla soy milkshake: Put the ice cream and soy milk in a blender and puree until smooth. Divide the shake between glasses.nTo make the fries: Using a deepfry thermometer to register the temperature, heat enough oil to 350 degrees F in a large heavybottomed pot to 13 full. Line a baking tray with paper towels. Put the cornstarch in a bowl.nIn batches, coat the tofu with cornstarch and gently put in the hot oil, separating the tofu fries as they are cooking to prevent sticking. Remove the tofu fries from the oil once golden brown, season with salt and repeat with the remaining tofu fries., ingredients: [1 cup soy milk, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds halibut, cut into 1 12ounce pieces, 1 cup vegetable oil, for cooking in a cast iron pan, or, cook using the same vegetable oil from Tofu Fries recipe, 1 cup flour, Halibut, marinated in Spiced Soy Milk Marinade, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 cups frozen, shelled edamame, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, 4 cups vanilla bean ice cream, 3 cups soy milk, Tofu Fries, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 14 pounds extrafirm tofu, drained, cut into 34inch sticks, Salt], title: Shoreline Fried Halibut with Tofu Fries, Soy Sauce Aioli, Mushy Edamame and Soy Vanilla Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 34270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 10inch tube or Bundt pan.nUse an electric mixer to cream the granulated sugar and butter together until fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Add the flour to the butter mixture in thirds, alternating each addition of flour with the addition of half the sour cream. Stir in the vanilla.nFor the streusel: In a separate bowl, combine the pecans, brown sugar and cinnamon.nPour onethird of the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle with half the streusel mixture. Pour another third of the batter into the pan and sprinkle with the remaining streusel mixture. Scrape the remaining batter into the pan and make smooth the top. Bake until a toothpick can be inserted in the center and comes out clean, about 1 hour. Allow the cake to cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and cool on a wire rack.nFor the glaze: When the cake is completely cooked, stir the confectioners sugar, milk and vanilla extract together in a small bowl until smooth. Add more milk if the mixture is too thick. Drizzle over the cooled cake., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 12 tablespoons milk, plus more if needed, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Sour Cream Coffee Cake, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 34271: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl combine the noodles, peas and turkey. In a skillet bring the cream to a simmer. Remove the skillet from heat and stir in the four cheeses. Toss this mixture with the noodles and peas, add salt and pepper and transfer to a buttered baking pan. Top with almonds and bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until bubbling hot., ingredients: [34 pound medium egg noodles, boiled for about 6 minutes or until still firm to the bite, 10ounce package thawed frozen petite peas, 2 cups finely chopped cooked turkey, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup each of shredded or chopped blue cheese, mozzarella, Parmesan and ricotta, 14 cup sliced almonds, Salt and pepper], title: Monday to Friday 4 Cheese Turkey Casserole, picturelink: null}, 34272: {instructions: For the sauce: In a bowl, blend the coconut milk, coconut flakes, chili sauce, corn syrup, parsley, tomato paste, salt and lime juice and allow to marinate for 30 minutes. Then pour through a sieve or strainer into a saucepan. Heat over low heat until warmed. Whisk in the butter off the heat before serving.nFor the fish: Preheat the grill to 350 degrees F or a grill pan over high heat. Then sprinkle the fish with salt, pepper and the coriander. Cook the fish on both sides until mediumwell in temperature, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Once cooked, remove from the heat and rest for 2 to 3 minutes.nServe the fish over jasmine rice. Finish with the sauce., ingredients: [One 14ounce can coconut milk, 1 cup coconut flakes, 1 tablespoon sambal chili sauce, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon kosher sea salt, Juice of 6 limes, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 pounds fresh halibut, divided into four 6 to 8ounce portions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Jasmine rice, cooked, for serving], title: Grilled Halibut Poisson Cru, picturelink: kxQP6adai26y1UNuNhNYgFMwVigj.cG}, 34273: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine vinegar, wine, shallots, and dried tarragon and simmer over moderate heat until reduced to 2 tablespoons of liquid. Cool and strain through a fine sieve.nIn the top of double boiler or a heatproof bowl whisk the egg yolks until they become thick and sticky. Whisk in the reduced vinegar mixture and pepper. Place the pan or bowl over a saucepan of simmering, not boiling, water. Whisk until mixture is warm, about 2 minutes. If mixture appears to become lumpy, dip pan immediately in a bowl of ice water to cool, whisk until smooth and then continue recipe. The yolk mixture has thickened enough when you can see the bottom of the pan between strokes and mixture forms a light cream on the wires of the whip.nWhile whisking the yolk mixture gradually pour in the melted butter, a tablespoon or so at a time whisking thoroughly to incorporate before adding more butter. As the mixture begins to thicken and become creamy, the butter can be added more rapidly. Do not add the milk solids at the bottom of the melted butter.nSeason the sauce to taste with chopped tarragon, salt and pepper. To keep the sauce warm, set the pan or bowl in lukewarm water or in a thermos.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, Salt and pepper, 3 egg yolks, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted in saucepan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon], title: Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34274: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread thermometernCombine the rosemary, cumin, garlic, soy sauce, vinegar, oregano, lime juice, hoisin sauce, beer, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until completely combined. Pour the marinade over the chicken in a container and let it marinate, refrigerated, for 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the marinade discard the marinade and put on a rack in a roasting pan. Roast until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour. Let the chicken rest for 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [12 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, Juice of 12 lime, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 bottle beer lager, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, One 3 to 4pound chicken], title: Peruvian Chicken, picturelink: gbB8MrImQU3N10jMF8eW3olDq07c0G}, 34275: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast until light brown and fragrant, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer the almonds to a bowl and reserve. Turn the oven up to broil. Toss the scallions with the oil and some salt and pepper on the baking sheet. Broil until the scallions are charred and black in spots but not burned, stirring halfway through, about 2 minutes. Let the scallions cool, then chop them and reserve.nStir the hummus, smoked paprika, cayenne and half of the peppers together in a medium bowl until well mixed. Spread the mixture into a 2quart earthenware crock and smooth the top.nScatter the scallions, almonds, parsley and remaining peppers on top in stripes alternating red and green. Sprinkle with additional smoked paprika and drizzle with a little olive oil. Serve with warm pita., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced skinon almonds, 1 large bunch scallions, trimmed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Three 8ounce containers prepared tahini hummus with garlic, 1 teaspoon sweet smoked paprika, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 8ounce jar piquillo peppers, drained and diced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Warm pita, for serving], title: Smokey Garlic Hummus Dip, picturelink: XRO6n7sxUd8YHFWZf3LzLBM2UU5qzG}, 34276: {instructions: The fillets should be at room temperature. Heat a large castiron skillet over very high heat until it is beyond the smoking stage and you see white ash in the skillet bottom, at least for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, pour 2 tablespoons melted butter in each of 6 small ramekins set aside and keep warm. Reserve the remaining butter. Heat the serving plates in a 250 degree oven. Dip each fillet in the reserved melted butter so that both sides are well coated. Then, mix thoroughly all the spices for blackening mixture and sprinkle the Blackening Spice Mixture generously and evenly on both sides of the fillets. Place 1 or 2 fillets in skillet and cook uncovered over very high heat until the underside becomes deep brown, almost black but not burned, about 2 minutes the time may vary according to the fillets thickness and the heat of the skillet. Turn the fish over and pour 1 teaspoon of butter on top of each. Cook until fish is done, about 2 minutes more. Repeat with remaining fillets. Serve each fillet while hot. To serve, place 1 fillet and a ramekin of butter on each plate., ingredients: [34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 6 8 to 10 ounce Catfish fillets or other firmfleshed fish, 12 inch thick, 3 tablespoons Chef Paul Prudhommes Blackened Redfish Magic or substitute, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 14 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground red pepper, 34 teaspoon white pepper, 34 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves], title: Blackened Catfish, picturelink: null}, 34277: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil 2 9inch cake pans. Line the bottom of each pan with parchment paper. Oil the parchment paper and then flour the pan. Set aside.nPlace the flour, baking powder and salt into a large mixing bowl and whisk to combine.nCombine the coconut milk and coconut cream in small bowl and set aside.nPlace the butter into the bowl of a stand mixer and using the paddle attachment, cream on medium speed until fluffy, approximately 1 minute. Decrease the speed to low and gradually add the sugar slowly over 1 to 2 minutes. Once all of the sugar has been added, stop the mixer and scrape down the sides. Turn the mixer back on to medium speed and continue creaming until the mixture noticeably lightens in texture and increases slightly in volume, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the coconut extract.nWith the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture alternately with the milk mixture to the butter and sugar in 3 batches, ending with the milk mixture. Do not over mix.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until they form stiff peaks. Fold the egg whites into the batter, just until combined. Divide the batter evenly between the pans and bang the pans on the counter top several times to remove any air and to distribute the batter evenly in the pan. Place in the oven on the middle rack. Bake for 40 minutes or until the cake is light golden in color and reaches an internal temperature of 200 degrees F.nCool the cake in the pans for 10 minutes then remove and transfer to a cooling rack. Once the cakes have cooled completely cut across the equator of each to form 4 layers. Place the 13 cup coconut water into a small spritz bottle and spray evenly onto the cut side of the 4 layers. If you do not have a spritz bottle you may brush the coconut water on with a silicone pastry brush. Allow to sit while preparing the frosting.nFor the frosting:nBring 1 quart of water to a boil in a 4quart saucepan over high heat. Decrease the heat to medium to maintain a steady simmer. In the meantime, place the egg whites, sugar, coconut water, cream of tartar and salt into a medium sizemixing bowl. Place the bowl over the simmering water and immediately begin beating with an electric hand mixer set to low speed. Beat for 1 minute and then increase the speed to high and continue to beat for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and beat in the coconut and vanilla extracts for 1 minute. Allow the frosting to sit for 5 minutes before using.nPlace approximately 34 cup of the frosting on the first layer of cake, sprinkle with 12 cup coconut and top with the next layer. Repeat until you reach the top layer. Frost the top and sides of the cake and sprinkle with the remaining coconut. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 coconut see Cooks Note, Vegetable oil, for cake pan, 14 14 ounces cake flour, plus extra for pans, approximately 3 cups, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup fresh coconut milk, 12 cup fresh coconut cream, 8 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 16 ounces sugar, approximately 2 14 cups, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 4 egg whites, 13 cup coconut water, 3 large egg whites, 12 ounces sugar, approximately 1 34 cups, 13 cup coconut water, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Grated coconut from 1 coconut, approximately 8 to 10 ounces], title: Coconut Cake with 7Minute Frosting, picturelink: NbnqKCZFfFxqCG1jD0oySm0fzwMIgCW}, 34278: {instructions: Combine the crushed Oreos and melted butter in a large bowl with a fork. Press the mixture evenly into two 9inch pie plates.nSpread the softened coffee ice cream into the pies over the crusts so that you have at least 1 12 inches of ice cream. Place in the freezer.nCombine the fudge topping ingredients in a mediumsize heavy saucepan. Stir over low heat until completely melted and combined. Remove from the heat and let cool.nWhen the ice cream is really solid about 3 hours or overnight, pour the frudge topping evenly over each pie. Wrap with plastic wrap and freeze again until the topping is solid. To store them after they are frozen, wrap tightly in plastic wrap and then aluminmum foil to keep them fresh., ingredients: [1 pound Oreo cookies, crushed, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 5 to 6 pints coffee ice cream, softened, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon strong brewed coffee instant is fine], title: Mud Pie, picturelink: null}, 34279: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine vinegar, oil, garlic, thyme, salt and pepper. Pour marinade over olives. Marinate in refrigerator until ready to eat., ingredients: [2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 3 large garlic cloves, crushed, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pound Kalamata olives], title: Marinated Olives, picturelink: null}, 34280: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and the garlic, and saute without browning or burning the garlic, 1 minute. Add the pineapple juice, tidbits, wine, half of the butter, the basil and soy sauce. Cook and stir until bubbly and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the tortellini and rotini and stir until the tortellini are cooked and the liquid reduces a bit, about 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the grapes, green onions, bananas and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, and stir gently to mix together. Remove from the heat and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola or olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed or minced, 1 cup pineapple juice, 1 cup canned pineapple tidbits, 1 cup white wine, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 cups frozen and thawed cheesefilled tortellini, 1 cup al dentecooked tricolored rotini, 12 cup red grapes, halved, 4 green onions, sliced, 2 bananas, peeled and sliced], title: Tortellini Jamaica Mon, picturelink: null}, 34281: {instructions: In a nonreactive bowl, combine gelatin and champagne. Bloom for five minutes. In a small saucepan, bring ginger beer and sugar to a boil. Remove from heat and stir into gelatin mixture to dissolve. Pour into a 9cup face mold. Refrigerate overnight to set., ingredients: [1 750 ml bottle sparkling wine, 9 packages unflavored powdered gelatin, 5 cups ginger beer, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Sparkling Gingered Face, picturelink: null}, 34282: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pat the chicken pieces dry with a paper towel and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Set a turkey roaster pan over 2 burners on medium heat and add the canola oil. Brown the chicken, skinside down first, 3 to 4 minutes, then turn and brown on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Remove from the pan and set aside.nAdd a little more of the oil to the pan on high heat and add the mushrooms, garlic and onions. Season with salt and cook just long enough to get some color on the mushrooms, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and thyme and cook about 1 minute longer. Place the chicken pieces back into the pan skinside up and spread them out evenly, pushing them down into the mushrooms and onions. Add the marsala, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan, and add the chicken broth. Place the whole pan in the oven and cook until the tops of the chicken are golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes.nUse tongs to remove the chicken from the pan and transfer onto a serving platter and keep warm. Set the roasting pan back over the burner on high heat. Bring the contents to a boil and cook the liquid until it is reduced and the flavors become concentrated, 3 to 4 minutes. Shut off the heat, add the butter cubes and stir gently to melt the butter evenly. This will thicken the marsala sauce and give it a rich flavor. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Add a squeeze of the lemon juice and fold in the parsley. Pour over the chicken and serve with Chardonnay., ingredients: [One 4 to 5pound chicken organic and free range, if possible, cut into 10 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 4 cups sliced white button mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 medium onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cup dry marsala, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, cut into cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, Chardonnay, for serving], title: Chicken Marsala with Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 34283: {instructions: In two medium saucepans, bring 5 cups of water 2 12 cups in each to a boil. Drain the soaked black and red beans separately in a strainer. Add the black beans to one pot and the red beans to another, reduce the heat under both to medium, and simmer for about 45 minutes, until the beans are tender but not soft. Drain the beans separately in a colander and set aside, covered.nBring the remaining 3 cups of lightly salted water to a boil in one of the saucepans, and fill a large bowl with cold water and add several ice cubes to it. Cook the string beans for 3 to 4 minutes, depending on their size, until they are tender but still bright green. Immediately drain them and plunge them into the ice water to retain their green color. Drain and dry on paper towels.nIn a medium heavy skillet cook the bacon strips over medium heat until crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and drain briefly on paper towels. Measure 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat and, in a small bowl, whisk it together with the vegetable oil, vinegar, honey, mustard, salt, and pepper. In a large serving bowl, combine all the beans and drizzle the dressing over. Toss gently just to coat all the ingredients evenly, crumble the bacon over the top and serve while still slightly warm, garnished with lemon wedges., ingredients: [8 cups water, 13 cup dried black beans, rinsed and soaked overnight, 13 cup dried red kidney beans, rinsed and soaked overnight, 1 12 cups string beans, topped, tailed, and cut in 1inch lengths on the diagonal, 4 strips smoked bacon, cut into small strips, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Threebean Salad with Bacon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 34284: {instructions: For the pretzel dippers: Line a small baking sheet with wax or parchment paper. Place the chocolate in a small bowl, and place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Spoon the melted chocolate over the pretzels leaving a 2inch handle at the top. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate until the chocolate has set, about 30 minutes. Store in an airtight container at room temperature.nFor the hot chocolate: In a blender, combine the almond milk, cocoa powder, agave and strawberries. Blend until smooth. Transfer to a medium saucepan and add the chocolate chips. Heat over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is smooth and the chocolate has melted, about 8 minutes.nPour the hot chocolate into 4 mugs and serve the dippers alongside., ingredients: [1 cup about 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, Twelve 7inch pretzel sticks, such as Snyders Pretzel Rods, 3 cups vanillaflavored unsweetened almond milk, such as Almond Breeze, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Ghirardelli, 1 tablespoon agave, 12 medium about 8 ounces strawberries, hulled and halved or 12 whole frozen strawberries, thawed, 1 cup about 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli], title: Strawberry Hot Chocolate with Chocolate Pretzel Dippers, picturelink: null}, 34285: {instructions: Gingerbread House:nIn a large mixing bowl, cream the butter, brown sugar, molasses, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and baking soda together until the mixture is smooth. Blend in the flour and water to make a stiff dough. Chill at least 30 minutes or until firm.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut out the following paper patterns for the gingerbread house template:nTwo rectangles, 3 by 5 inches, to make the front and back of the house. Two rectangles, 3 by 5 12 inches for the roof. Two pieces for the ends of the house, 3 inches wide at the base, 3 inches to the roof line, and slanted to a peak 5 12 inches from the bottom. Four smaller rectangles, 1 12 by 1 inch for the roof and sides of the entryway. And one piece, 2 inches wide at the base, 1 12 inches to the roof line, and slanted to a peak 2 12 inches from the bottom for the front of the entryway.nRoll gingerbread dough out to edges on a large, rimless cookie sheet. Place paper patterns onto the rolled out dough. With a sharp, straight edged knife, cut around each of the pieces, but leave pieces in place.nBake at 375 degrees F for about 15 minutes until dough feels firm.nPlace patterns on top of the gingerbread again and trim shapes, cutting edges with a straightedged sharp knife. Leave to cool on baking sheet.nPlace royal icing into pastry bag with a writing tip and press out to decorate individual parts of house, piping on decorations, windows, door, etc., as desired. Let dry until hardened.nGlue sides, front and back of house together at corners using royal icing. Place an object against the pieces to prop up until icing is dry it only takes a few minutes.nGlue the two roof pieces to the pitched roofline of the house. Then, similarly, glue the sides and roof of the entryway together with icing. Attach the entryway to the front of the house.nContinue decorating the house, gluing on gumdrops, licorice and peppermint, as desired.nMix all of the ingredients together using an electric hand mixer, until the icing is smooth and thin enough to be pressed through a pastry bag with a writing tip. Add more lemon juice, if necessary., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup light molasses or dark corn syrup, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons ground cloves, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons water, Melted white chocolate or Royal Icing, recipe follows, Gumdrops, licorice and peppermint, as desired, 1 pound 334 cups powdered sugar, sifted if lumpy, 1 to 2 large egg whites, or substitute 4 teaspoons packaged egg whites and 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon almond extract, vanilla or lemon juice], title: Gingerbread House, picturelink: 5OX7JnXkeKOdVRLiEnECr9YYRT6Aiei}, 34286: {instructions: Chop plums, supreme section the oranges and halve the grapes, divide mixed fruit among 4 cups. Combine yogurt with honey and cinnamon. Top each fruit cup with 14 of the sauce., ingredients: [2 plums, 1 navel orange, 1 cup red grapes, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Fruit with HoneyCinnamon Sauce, picturelink: XI4wvuhGwMNePWITlLkNoxEihrGFqo2}, 34287: {instructions: Sear the ribeye steak to medium rare. In a small bowl, combine all of the remaining ingredients and mix well. Remove the meat from the pan, and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice the meat very thinly. To serve, plate the sliced steak and top with the salad mixture., ingredients: [8 ounces ribeye steak, 2 small jicama, peeled and julienned, 2 red onions, julienned, 2 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and julienned, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 6 tablespoons orange juice, 4 tablespoons hot pepper sauce, 4 tablespoons rice vinegar], title: Beef Tataki, picturelink: null}, 34288: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nFor the steaks: Process the pretzels in a food processor until fine. Grab 3 shallow bowls. In one, whisk together the eggs and milk. In another, mix together the flour, salt, pepper, dried fenugreek leaves, paprika, ground coriander, and ground cumin. Pour the pretzel crumbs into the last bowl. Save 2 tablespoons of the flavored flour for the gravy.nMake yourself an assembly line: dip 1 steak on both sides in the flavored flour, making sure its well coated, but dust off the excess. Then dip it quickly in the egg and lift, allowing the excess to drain back into the bowl. Finally, dunk both sides in the pretzel crumbs. Repeat with remaining steaks. Place the coated steaks on a sheet tray fitted with a cooling rack and let the steaks rest for 15 minutes to let the coating adhere to the meat.nFor the gravy: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and add the onions and a pinch salt. Sweat until the onions are translucent and softened. Add the reserved 2 tablespoons of flavored flour and cook a few minutes until the flour no longer smells raw. Add the stock, mango chutney, and soy sauce. Stir, so that no lumps form, and bring to a boil. Cook until the sauce thickens to a gravy consistency, 5 to 10 minutes. Taste and reseason, if necessary.nIn a large cast iron skillet, add enough oil to come up the sides by 1inch. Heat it over medium heat until shimmering youll know the oil is hot enough when a pinch of flour sizzles upon contact with the oil. Line a sheet tray with paper towels and place a cooling rack on top.nGently lay the steaks into the oil you may have to do this in batches. Cook each side until golden, about 3 minutes. When both sides are cooked, lay the steaks on the paper towellined sheet tray and pop into the oven to keep warm while you do the next batch.nServe the steaks with gravy spooned over the top., ingredients: [2 cups pretzels I use the glutenfree kind, 2 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup flour I use glutenfree baking flour, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried fenugreek leaves, ground up in your hand optional, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 cube steaks, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small onion, minced about 13 cup, Kosher salt, 2 cups chicken or beef stock, 2 tablespoons sweet mango chutney, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Canola oil, for frying], title: PretzelFried Steak with MangoOnion Gravy, picturelink: 0tyUTdJK.EueLard4G3pXCSbFx5xWS}, 34289: {instructions: Cook pasta according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a large skillet, cook the beef, green peppers, onions, and mushrooms over medium heat until meat is no longer pink drain.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDrain pasta and place in a large bowl stir in the beef mixture, 2 jars of spaghetti sauce and eggs. Transfer to 2 greased 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dishes. Top with remaining sauce sprinkle with cheese. Bake, uncovered, for 25 to 30 minutes or until heated through., ingredients: [8 cups uncooked pasta 4 different shapes, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 medium green peppers, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 cups sliced fresh mushrooms, Four 26ounce jars meatless spaghetti sauce, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 cups shredded mozzarella], title: FourPasta Beef Bake, picturelink: null}, 34290: {instructions: To make the chili: Heat a skillet over medium flame and add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. When the oil gets hazy, add the onion and cook, stirring, until they are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the ground beef, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, and cook until nicely browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the ketchup, chili powder, and mustard simmer for 15 minutes until thick season with salt and pepper.nFor the hot dogs: While the chili is cooking: place a large grill pan on 2 burners over mediumhigh heat or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoal barbecue and get it very hot. Brush the grates with oil to keep the hot dogs from sticking. Parboil the dogs first before grilling: bring a pot of water to a boil and cook the hot dogs for about 5 minutes. Remove from the water and grill the hot dogs just long enough to give them grill marks. Brush the insides of the rolls with the remaining oil and place them face down on the grill until toasty. To serve, top each hot dog with the chili and some Cheddar cheese., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon prepared yellow mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 all beef hot dogs, about 12 pound, 4 hot dog rolls, 12 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Chili Cheese Dogs, picturelink: r5RepAWpRoS8RBc.uWau05Aa1.8TDe}, 34291: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the basmati rice according to the package instructions.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper and cook until the onions are dark brown and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Stir in the curry powder and garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Pour in the vegetable stock and stir to scrape up all the brown bits in the pan. Add the chickpeas, coconut milk, honey and a squirt of sriracha. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nWarm the naan in the microwave. Serve the curry over the rice with the warmed naan. Garnish with the cilantro., ingredients: [2 cups basmati rice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup vegetable stock, Two 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, One 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, 1 to 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce, Naan bread, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish.], title: Chickpea Curry with Rice, picturelink: I6zgJykD6NMd4rviu5qESdk0s02HU2}, 34292: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot melt 2 tablespoons butter. Stir in brown sugar and water. Bring to a boil, then lower and simmer while stirring until reduced and thickened, about 10 minutes.nPeel potatoes and cut lengthwise, then again making long quarters. Cut these into 1inch pieces ending up with pie sliceshaped wedges. Place in a separate large pot of boiling water and cook for about 5 minutes. Potatoes should give a bit when poked with a fork.nDrain the potatoes and arrange in a single layer in a buttered 13 by 9inch baking dish. Pour the syrup over the potatoes making sure it covers the potatoes. Place lemon slices on top and bake for 35 minutes, spooning syrup over potatoes twice during that time. Potatoes are done when they are tender to the fork.nRemove from the oven, remove the lemon slices, and stir in pecans. Arrange the marshmallows evenly on top. Place back in the oven turning it up to 400 degrees F and cook until marshmallows puff up and turn brown, approximately 10 more minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for baking dish, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 12 cups water, 2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, 1 lemon, sliced and seeded, 12 cup chopped pecans, 3 cups marshmallows], title: Sweet Potatoes and Marshmallows, picturelink: WX6P0ZVuGi9n5xAZCOG7v1Fic6C935e}, 34293: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine all the gomatare dressing ingredients mix well and set aside.nFor the eel sauce: Place all the sauce ingredients in a saucepan, and heat to simmering. Cook for 10 minutes strain through a fine chinois, and place in a container or bottle.nFor Solstice roll: Place the crab, kewpie mayonnaise, scallion and sesame oil in a bowl, and mix to combine. Refrigerate. Place 2 tablespoons of crab mixture on each premade sheet add the cut tempura shrimp across the crabmeat from end to end, and roll. Then add the sliced avocado over the top of the rolled sushi and place a piece of plastic film over the roll. Using the mat, squeeze lightly to make the roll firm. Slice the roll while the plastic wrap is still covering it. Drizzle the gomatare dressing over the top. Add the eel sauce, and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds. Slice into 6 to 8 pieces.nFor sushi rice: Place 2 cups of raw sushi rice in a rice steamer. Cover with 2 cups water, 12 cup mirin and 2 tablespoons of the rice wine vinegar cook for about 20 minutes. Turn rice cooker off and let rice cool in cooker, cover with lid for about 30 minutes. Remove and place cooked rice in a large mixing bowl. Using a wooden spoon, stir rice and add 2 more tablespoons of rice wine vinegar, stir until well incorporated and let cool at room temperature., ingredients: [6 ounces lump crabmeat, 1 teaspoon kewpie mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon fresh scallion thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 sheets nori paper, 6 jumbo shrimp tempura cut in half, see recipe below, 3 fresh avocados thinly sliced, 12 ounces sushi rice see recipe below, 1 ounce gomatare dressingsee recipe below, 1 ounce eel sauce see recipe below, 1 teaspoon white sesame seeds toasted, 3 ounces tahini paste, 1 tablespoon water, 12 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cane sugar if not available, use raw sugar, 14 teaspoon togarashi flakes, 1 ounce kewpie mayonnaise, 3 ounces smoked eel trimmings, 3 ounces mirin, 6 ounces soy sauce, 3 ounces cane sugar if not available, use raw sugar, 2 cups sushi rice, 2 cups water, 12 cup mirin, 4 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar], title: Solstice Inside Out Roll, picturelink: null}, 34294: {instructions: For the shrimp: Soak 8 bamboo skewers in water, if grilling over an open flame or use metal skewers.nBegin by making a quick marinade. In a large mixing bowl, combine the tequila, cumin, paprika, cayenne, garlic, lime juice and a little canola oil. Add the shrimp and toss well to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Take the skewers and thread 4 shrimp per skewer.nHeat up a grill, grill pan or flat top. Place the shrimp skewers on the grill and cook until pink, wellmarked and nicely charred, 40 to 50 seconds. Remove from the grill and set on a large platter. Add the cilantro and finish by squeezing the lime wedges for some fresh lime juice all over while the shrimp are warm they will soak up the lime flavor.nFor the spicy pink mayo: Combine the mayonnaise, Mexican crema, lime juice, agave, chipotle and adobo sauce and some salt in a mixing bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the tacos: Take a large nonstick saute pan or on a flat grill top and spray lightly with some nonstick cooking spray. Warm a tortilla for about 30 seconds on both sides, and then lightly coat one side with a sprinkle of Parmesan. Warm through, and then flip so it toasts cheese side down. Allow the cheese to cook and brown about 15 seconds, and then remove from pan. Repeat with the remaining tortillas.nTo assemble: Place a skewer of shrimp on a doubledup tortilla cheese side up and remove the skewer to leave the shrimp lined up in a row. Top with the diced tomato, iceberg, Cotija cheese, spicy pink mayo, lime and cilantro. Serve with beans., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white tequila, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 lime, juiced, plus 2 limes cut into wedges, Canola oil, 32 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Mexican crema, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon light agave, 1 chipotle pepper, minced, plus 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo sauce add more if you like it spicy, Kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 16 corn tortillas, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 vine tomatoes, diced, 3 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, Cotija cheese, Lime wedges, Chopped fresh cilantro], title: Grilled Drunken Shrimp Tacos, picturelink: null}, 34295: {instructions: Cut 12 cup of the butter into 12inch pieces and refrigerate it along with the shortening. In the bowl of a food processor, fitted with the steel blade, pulse together the cake flour, 34 cup of the allpurpose flour, baking powder, baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt. Add the butter and shortening and pulse to combine, until small crumbles are present. 6 to 8 times, or Add the buttermilk and pulse until a dough ball forms, about 5 to 6 times.nDust a dry work surface with flour and have the remaining 1 cup ready for kneading. Turn the dough out onto the floured work surface. With floured hands, gently press the dough out into an 11 by 8inch rectangle, about 14 to 12inch thick, dust lightly with flour and gently fold it over in thirds, like a letter. Roll or press out to a 6 by 6inch rectangle again about 2 inches thick. Cut the dough into 9 squares 2 by 2 inches each with a pizza cutter. Transfer the biscuits to a silicone mat or parchment paper lined baking sheet about 12inch apart. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let them rest at room temperature for 15 minutes.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F. Melt the remaining tablespoon butter and brush tops with melted butter, then sprinkle with the remaining 14 teaspoon of sea salt.nPlace baking sheet in the middle of the oven and immediately turn oven down to 450 degrees F. Bake for 12 to 16 minutes until they are golden brown. Remove biscuits to a wire rack to cool for a few minutes., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, cold, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 12 cups cake flour, 34 cups allpurpose flour, divided, plus more for work surface, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons sea salt, divided, 2 tablespoons shortening, cold, 1 cup buttermilk], title: Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 34296: {instructions: For the salad: Place the wild rice in a medium saucepan with 4 cups water and the kosher salt. Simmer uncovered until tender, about 50 minutes. Drain well, return to the saucepan and cover for 10 minutes.nWhile the rice is cooking, heat the oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn kernels and saute until charred, about 5 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the garlic, shallot, vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, honey, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. While continuously whisking, slowly stream in the oil until the dressing is emulsified.nTo serve: Combine the warm rice with the corn, edamame, green peas, chickpeas and onion. Pour 14 cup of the vinaigrette over top and toss well to evenly distribute. Allow to sit for 30 minutes, taste for seasoning and serve at room temperature. The remaining vinaigrette can be refrigerated for another use., ingredients: [1 cup longgrain wild rice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup cooked shelled edamame, 12 cup green peas, defrosted from frozen, or fresh, 12 cup canned chickpeas, drained, 14 cup diced red onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 shallot, minced, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Wild Rice Salad with Edamame, picturelink: null}, 34297: {instructions: In a small food processor make a puree of the herbs, ginger and jalapeno pepper. Mix this into the yogurt and add the scallion and cumin. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and blend in any of the other optional ingredientsnServe very cold great against hot steak., ingredients: [14 cup packed each mint, parsley and cilantro leaves, Nickel size round of fresh ginger, 1 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded, 2 cups yogurt, preferably whole milk, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, Salt to taste, Optional additions: 12 to 1 cup grated seeded cucumbers, or seeded diced tomatoes or 14 cup puree of roasted red peppers], title: Yogurt Based Sauces, picturelink: null}, 34298: {instructions: Bring 2 12 cups water, 12 cup each toasted pecans and maple syrup, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon each vanilla and lemon juice, and a pinch of salt to a boil, then simmer, reducing to 34 cup, about 40 minutes. Strain and let cool. Stir about 3 tablespoons syrup into a glass and add about 8 ounces of seltzer, stirring until combined. Garnish with the pecans.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Pecan Pie Soda, picturelink: nuOE5jjz0CbnmmRbeAyLEGT0igIGG}, 34299: {instructions: Soak the beans overnight in cold water to cover.nDrain the beans and transfer them to a large saucepan. Cover with 3 cups cold water, the coconut water and 2 teaspoons salt, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. Boil for 2 minutes, then turn the heat down to low, cover and cook until tender depending upon the age of the beans, this will take between 30 and 45 minutes older beans take longer.nWhen tender, add the coconut oil and lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Pour into a serving dish and garnish with the green onions., ingredients: [2 cups dried black beans, rinsed, 2 cups coconut water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 1 lime, juiced, 2 green onions, greens only, sliced], title: Coconut Lime Black Beans, picturelink: D0AkYMln1YJzOae3i7giYgYt73o8EwG}, 34300: {instructions: In a deepfryer or Dutch oven, add oil to fill 23 of the way and preheat to 375 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, add the 2 tablespoons oil. Add onion and garlic, and cook for 2 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Add cabbages, green onion, carrot, oyster sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook over high heat for about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain excess liquid, and cool. Fold in crabmeat and mix to combine. Separate the sheets of spring roll wrappers, and keep under a slightly damp towel. Place 2 tablespoons of crabmeat filling on the wrapper. Fold nearest edge of wrapper over filling fold left and right corners toward the center. Roll tightly and seal with the egg wash. Place the spring rolls into the preheated oil and fry until golden brown. Place on paper towels to drain. Serve with Pickled Ginger Vinaigrette.nIn a mixing bowl, combine dashi, sugar and rice wine vinegar. Transfer mixture to a blender and add fresh ginger, pickled ginger and salt. Slowly add salad oil to the blender. Serve chilled., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 34 cup onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 6 cups green cabbage, shredded, 2 cups red cabbage, shredded, 34 cups green onion, chopped, 14 cup carrot, finely grated, 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 1 package spring roll wrappers, 1 egg, beaten for egg wash, Pickled Ginger Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 20 grams bonito base dashi stock made from dried tuna flakes, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 12 ounces pickled ginger, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups salad oil], title: Crab Spring Rolls, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 34301: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix together the brown sugar, honey, orange zest, 14 cup orange juice, pumpkin pie spice, and nutmeg. Season with salt.nRoll out enough aluminum foil to surround the ham and place the ham in the center of the foil. Peel back the layers of the ham and place a sprig of thyme between every other layer of the spirals. Pour half of the glaze over the ham allowing it to sink into the slices. Tightly wrap the ham in the foil and place on a rack in a roasting pan. Fill the pan with an inch of water and roast in the oven until the internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F, about 20 minutes per pound.nPour the remaining half of the glaze in a small saucepot on medium heat and bring to a simmer. Whisk until small bubbles appear all over, then turn off the heat. The glaze will thicken as it rests.nRaise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nRemove the ham from the oven. Using caution and tongs to help, peel back the aluminum foil from the top, leaving the aluminum foil on the sides and underneath the ham to catch the glaze and juices. Slather the remaining glaze all over the top of the ham and place back in the oven uncovered for 15 more minutes. Remove and let rest before slicing., ingredients: [12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup honey, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 6 to 8 scrapes of fresh nutmeg, using a rasp, One 6 to 7pound bonein half spiral ham, 10 to 12 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Easy Holiday Spiral Ham, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 34302: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nMix flour, poultry seasoning and garlic powder in a dish. Beat egg whites in a shallow plate or bowl. Place hazelnuts on a piece of waxed paper or plastic wrap on a cutting board or work surface.nPreheat a nonstick skillet with oven safe handle over medium high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Turn in flour to dust the breasts, then turn in egg whites, then press breasts into nuts on both sides. Wash hands. Add extravirgin olive oil to the pan and add chicken. Brown the nuts and chicken 2 minutes on each side then transfer to the oven and finish cooking the chicken through, about 8 minutes.nIn a small pot, warm milk over medium heat. Add cheese and melt it into the milk. Stir in 2 tablespoons of chopped sage and simmer 5 minutes.nTo serve, place chicken on plates and pour a couple of spoons of the Gorgonzola sauce over the center of each piece. Garnish with chopped sage., ingredients: [2 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 large egg whites, 1 cup chopped hazelnuts, available on baking aisle, 4 6ounce pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup Gorgonzola, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, plus extra for garnish, substitute 1 teaspoon dried sage and stir into sauce, if fresh is not available], title: Hazelnut Crusted Chicken with Gorgonzola Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34303: {instructions: 1 bunch fresh chives, for garnishnFor the lobster broth: Heat a large soup pot on medium and add the butter, olive oil, garlic, carrots, celery and onions. Add the sea salt and some freshly cracked pepper and saute for about 8 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the brandy and burn off the alcohol. Pour in the white wine and reduce for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the vegetable stock, tomato paste, peppercorns, lobster carcasses keep meat for later, bay leaves, parsley and thyme. Top of with water, just enough to cover the shells. Turn the heat down to mediumlow and simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour.nFor the dark roux: Heat a small saucepan on medium. Add the butter and flour and whisk continuously until amber in color and nutty smelling, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat.nFor the bisque: Using strainer and cheesecloth, strain the lobster broth into a medium pot. Add the dark roux, heavy cream and saffron and mix. Let reduce on mediumlow heat until thick, another 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the lobster meat: Heat a big pan on mediumhigh and melt the butter. Add the lobster meat and saute until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes.nSpoon the lobster meat into a big bowl, ladle on the lobster bisque and top with chives. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped, 2 red onions, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 1 ounce brandy, 1 cup good white wine, 6 cups organic vegetable stock, 13 cup tomato paste, 12 teaspoon fresh peppercorns, 3 cooked lobster carcasses, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 handful fresh Italian flatleaf parsley sprigs, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon saffron, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cooked lobsters, meat only], title: Creamy Lobster Bisque, picturelink: null}, 34304: {instructions: Pop popcorn. Drizzle with melted butter and toss with rosemary and salt to taste., ingredients: [6 cups air popped corn, 12 stick melted butter, 3 tablespoon chopped rosemary, salt], title: Herbed Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 34305: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer and an immersion blendernFor the marinara: Preheat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the eggplant and fry until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion and carrot, reduce the heat and cook until the vegetables are soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, Fresno peppers, basil, guanciale and parsley and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, sugar, salt and pepper and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings as needed. Using an immersion blender, puree the sauce until smooth and finish with the butter.nFor the seasoned breadcrumbs: Combine the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, olive oil, parsley, garlic and oregano in a shallow baking dish.nFor the eggplant: Combine the flour, salt and pepper in a shallow baking dish. Whisk the eggs with 12 cup of water in a second shallow baking dish. Dredge each eggplant slice in the seasoned flour. Shake off any excess flour and place each slice into the egg wash. Once fully coated in the egg wash, dip the slices into the seasoned breadcrumbs. Repeat this process until all the eggplant slices are finished and fully coated.nCook the coated eggplant slices in the deep fryer in batches until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the oil and pat dry. Line a 9 by 5inch baking dish with 1 cup of the marinara. Arrange a layer of fried eggplant slices on top of the marinara. Cover with another 12 cup of marinara, 14 cup of mozzarella and 1 tablespoon of Parmesan. Repeat this process 2 more times. Add 1 more layer of fried eggplant slices followed by 12 cup of marinara.nUse parchment paper to gently press the eggplant down into the baking dish for a snug fit. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup mozzarella and 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Bake until the cheese is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.nFor the marinated peppers: Turn on the broiler.nGently toss the red and yellow bell peppers in 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Transfer to a roasting pan and broil until all sides are charred. Set aside at room temperature until cool enough to touch, about 5 minutes. Peel the peppers, remove the seeds and cut the flesh into large strips.nCombine the garlic, anchovies, Calabrian chiles and the remaining 13 cup olive oil in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium high heat until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the red wine vinegar, brown sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat and continue to cook until the mixture thickens slightly, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the roasted peppers to the saucepan and let them sit for 5 minutes. Remove the peppers and set aside.nTo serve: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nLay the rounds of pancetta on the prepared baking sheet and bake until crispy and golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nToss the marinated peppers with the arugula and chives in a large bowl. Arrange the salad on a serving platter and garnish with the pancetta and shaved ParmigianoReggiano. Serve with the eggplant Parmesan.nFor the marinara: Preheat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the eggplant and fry until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion and carrot, reduce the heat and cook until the vegetables are soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, Fresno peppers, basil, guanciale and parsley and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, sugar, salt and pepper and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings as needed. Using an immersion blender, puree the sauce until smooth and finish with the butter.nFor the seasoned breadcrumbs: Combine the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, olive oil, parsley, garlic and oregano in a shallow baking dish.nFor the eggplant: Combine the flour, salt and pepper in a shallow baking dish. Whisk the eggs with 12 cup of water in a second shallow baking dish. Dredge each eggplant slice in the seasoned flour. Shake off any excess flour and place each slice into the egg wash. Once fully coated in the egg wash, dip the slices into the seasoned breadcrumbs. Repeat this process until all the eggplant slices are finished and fully coated.nCook the coated eggplant slices in the deep fryer in batches until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the oil and pat dry. Line a 9 by 5inch baking dish with 1 cup of the marinara. Arrange a layer of fried eggplant slices on top of the marinara. Cover with another 12 cup of marinara, 14 cup of mozzarella and 1 tablespoon of Parmesan. Repeat this process 2 more times. Add 1 more layer of fried eggplant slices followed by 12 cup of marinara.nUse parchment paper to gently press the eggplant down into the baking dish for a snug fit. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup mozzarella and 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Bake until the cheese is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.nFor the marinated peppers: Turn on the broiler.nGently toss the red and yellow bell peppers in 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Transfer to a roasting pan and broil until all sides are charred. Set aside at room temperature until cool enough to touch, about 5 minutes. Peel the peppers, remove the seeds and cut the flesh into large strips.nCombine the garlic, anchovies, Calabrian chiles and the remaining 13 cup olive oil in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium high heat until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the red wine vinegar, brown sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat and continue to cook until the mixture thickens slightly, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the roasted peppers to the saucepan and let them sit for 5 minutes. Remove the peppers and set aside.nTo serve: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nLay the rounds of pancetta on the prepared baking sheet and bake until crispy and golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nToss the marinated peppers with the arugula and chives in a large bowl. Arrange the salad on a serving platter and garnish with the pancetta and shaved ParmigianoReggiano. Serve with the eggplant Parmesan., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup olive oil, 2 Chinese eggplants, peeled and diced, 34 cup diced white onion, 12 cup diced carrot, 14 cup sliced garlic, 2 Fresno peppers, sliced, 12 fresh basil leaves, 1 ounce guanciale, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, Three 28ounce cans plum tomatoes, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup olive oil, 2 Chinese eggplants, peeled and diced, 34 cup diced white onion, 12 cup diced carrot, 14 cup sliced garlic, 2 Fresno peppers, sliced, 12 fresh basil leaves, 1 ounce guanciale, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, Three 28ounce cans plum tomatoes, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 cups dayold breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 4 cups dayold breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 6 Chinese eggplants, peeled and cut into 1inch slices, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 6 Chinese eggplants, peeled and cut into 1inch slices, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 red bell peppers, 2 yellow bell peppers, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 oilpacked anchovies, minced, 2 Calabrian chiles, seeds removed, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arugula, 6 stalks chives, halved, 2 red bell peppers, 2 yellow bell peppers, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 oilpacked anchovies, minced, 2 Calabrian chiles, seeds removed, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arugula, 6 stalks chives, halved, 4 thin rounds pancetta, ParmigianoReggiano, shaved, 4 thin rounds pancetta, ParmigianoReggiano, shaved], title: Eggplant Lasagna with Marinated Red Pepper and Arugula Salad, picturelink: tIhYGO0phImk4j45l0ZbfXGaGPWrWGO}, 34306: {instructions: Combine the blood orange juice, lemon juice, Triple Sec, and ice in a blender and puree until completely blended. Add the tequila and puree for 2 seconds more.nPour the mixture into the frozen margarita glasses and serve., ingredients: [12 cup blood orange juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice 1 lemon, 1 cup Triple Sec, 3 cups ice, 1 cup white tequila, 4 frozen margarita glasses], title: Frozen Blood Orange Margarita, picturelink: null}, 34307: {instructions: Toast coriander seeds in saute pan. Coarsely chop in coffee mill, pepper mill, or with knife. Saute onions in oil until golden. Add garlic for 1 minute. Saute ground meat until browned. Add cumin and seasoning. Add carrots, for 1 minute. Add zucchini and chicken stock. Cook covered for 2 minutes. Add corn and cook for 1 more minute. Top with kashkaval and cook covered, until melted or put under broiler. Serve open faced on onion roll, Kaiser roll or burger bun, with plenty of ketchup and maybe a pickle., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound ground beef or turkey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 carrots, sliced in 14inch rounds, 1 zucchini, halved and cut into 14inch semi circles, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 cobs of corn, kernels removed, 12 pound kashkaval or cheddar grated], title: Sloppy Shmoes, picturelink: null}, 34308: {instructions: Bring broth to a boil in a 3 quart saucepan over medium heat. In a medium bowl, whisk eggs, lemon juice and lemon pepper until well blended, then slowly whisk in 1 cup of the hot broth. Lower heat add egg mixture, stirring constantly. Cook over low heat, stirring until heated through. Dont boil Eggs will curdle.nRemove from heat and stir in lemon zest. Ladle into serving bowls and sprinkle each serving with a little Parmesan., ingredients: [8 cups chicken broth, 4 large eggs, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 teaspoon lemon pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Grated Parmesan], title: Lemon Egg Drop Soup, picturelink: null}, 34309: {instructions: For the dressing, mix all ingredients in a blender and place in bowl.nToss mangoes with the dressing.nTo finish the dish, place mango salad in the center of chilled plates. Top each with 12 lobster tail, 2 prawns, and snow peas. Finish with cilantro and fried leeks., ingredients: [2 chiles, minced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 mangoes, peeled and julienned, 3 Maine lobster tails, cooked, shelled and cut lengthwise, 12 prawns, cooked, peeled, and deveined, 4 ounces fresh snow peas, julienned, Chopped cilantro, for garnish, Leeks, julienned and fried, for garnish], title: Salad of Green Mango with Prawn and Lobster Tail and LimeChili Dressing, picturelink: Mt848PcxCh5aqa6mKZZ.iGeBhvvl1Ta}, 34310: {instructions: Sprinkle the salmon with some of the Cajun spice. Cut a lengthwise slit in the side of the salmon.nIn a bowl, combine the goat cheese, mascarpone, Parmesan 12 tablespoon parsley and chives. Stuff the salmon with the cheese mixture.nUsing a sharp knife or mandoline, cut 1 potato into thin slices and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Using a piece of plastic wrap, lay out half the potato slices flat and place a salmon piece in the middle. Pull the plastic up over the salmon to wrap it in the potatoes like a crust. Repeat with the remaining potatoes and salmon.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat an ovenproof skillet over high heat and add the oil. Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper and place in the hot skillet. Cook until the potato crust is brown and crispy. Cover the skillet with foil and transfer to oven to the cook for a few more minutes to mediumwell. For the sauce, melt the butter in a saucepan and add the flour, stirring to combine. Add the chicken stock, wine, lemon juice, the remaining 12 tablespoon parsley and a generous pinch of Cajun seasoning. Simmer until thickened.nPan fry the mushrooms in a little oil until golden.nSpoon some sauce on the bottom of each plate and place a salmon fillet on top. Garnish with the mushrooms., ingredients: [2 salmon fillets about 5 ounces each, 1 tablespoon Cajun spice, 1 tablespoon goat cheese, 1 tablespoon mascarpone cheese, 1 tablespoon grated Parmigiano Regiano, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 russet potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup chicken stock, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 13 cup shiitake mushrooms], title: Potato Encrusted Stuffed Salmon with Lemon White Wine Sauce, picturelink: j7gWfrsLcoUDi.Ez3om0jG5hbPKSjZG}, 34311: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. Arrange the bacon on a baking rack set over a sheet pan in a single layer and roast for 20 to 30 minutes, until nicely browned. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels and cut in 1inch pieces.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, Parmesan, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Lay 12 slices of bread on a board and spread each one lightly with butter. Flip the slices and spread each one generously with the mayonnaise mixture. Dont neglect the cornersnGrate the cheeses in a food processor fitted with the largest grating disk and combine. Distribute the bacon evenly on half the slices of bread. Pile 13 cup grated cheese evenly on top of the bacon and top with the remaining bread slices, sauce side down.nMeanwhile, heat an electric panini press. When the press is hot, cook the sandwiches for 3 to 5 minutes in batches until the bread is toasted and the cheese is melted. Allow to cool for 2 minutes. Cut in half and serve warm., ingredients: [12 slices thickcut bacon, such as Nodines applewood smoked, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 white pullman loaf or sourdough bread, sliced 12 inch thick 12 slices, 6 tablespoons salted butter, at room temperature, 6 ounces aged Gruyere or Comte cheese, 6 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, such as Cabot or Shelburne Farms], title: Ultimate Grilled Cheese, picturelink: bvtCpYtZWwalFJU07tAToNUrYirpie}, 34312: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the chile powder, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper rub on the steak. Heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, then add the steak sear 3 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until a meat thermometer inserted sideways into the steak registers 135 degrees F for medium rare, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the steak to a cutting board.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft, 5 minutes. Add the collard greens and 12 cup water and cook, stirring occasionally, until warmed through, 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste.nWhisk the ketchup, the remaining 3 tablespoons vinegar, the honey, Worcestershire sauce, mustard and 12 cup water in a bowl. Return the castiron skillet to mediumhigh heat add the ketchup mixture and cook until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Slice the steak against the grain. Serve with the sauce and collard greens.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 14 to 1 12 pounds beef tritip steak, fat trimmed, 1 small onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 pound frozen chopped collard greens, thawed and drained, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard], title: Chipotle Steak with Collard Greens, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 34313: {instructions: Split the vanilla bean lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds. Put the seeds, pod halves, milk cream and 14 cup of the brown sugar in a heavybottomed medium saucepan. Bring just to the simmering point over low heat.nIn the meantime, combine the remaining 34 cup brown sugar, egg yolks and vanilla extract in a large bowl and whisk until just blended.nWhile gently whisking the yolks, drizzle the hot cream mixture into them so that they are gradually warmed up. Return everything to the saucepan and cook while stirring with a wooden spoon. Make sure that you are constantly scraping the spoon across the bottom of the pan so the custard does not scorch. The custard is done when it has thickened slightly and can evenly coat the back of the spoon. Do not let it come to a boil. Strain the custard through a fine sieve. Press our all the liquid in the vanilla beans and nestle the container holding the custard into a large bowl of ice. Let cool, stirring occasionally.nTransfer the custard to an ice cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions. Put the finished ice cream in a storage container and freeze until firm., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, divided, 7 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 34314: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl and toss well. Cover and set aside until serving., ingredients: [5 cups shredded Napa cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrots, 2 cups matchstick cut jicama, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 Tbs. celery seeds, 1 Tbs. sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup canola oil, salt and pepper to taste], title: Jicama Slaw, picturelink: null}, 34315: {instructions: In a soup pot over medium heat, add the butter, jalapeno and shallot. Cook until the shallot is translucent. Stir in the corn and the stock. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and allow the soup to simmer for about 10 minutes. Remove the soup from heat and carefully transfer 12 of the mixture into a blender or food processor. Blend on the medium setting for about 1 minute. Add the blended mixture back into the pot. Stir the soup and return the pot to the stove over medium heat. Stir in the halfandhalf and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in 12 of the mascarpone and cook for another 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. To serve, ladle the soup into serving bowls and garnish each bowl with a small dollop of mascarpone. The mascarpone will dissolve, creating a delicious creamy consistency., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 jalapeno, seeds discarded and chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 12ounce cans whole kernel corn, 3 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 12 cup halfandhalf, 1 container mascarpone cheese, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Corn Chowder with Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 34316: {instructions: In large mixing bowl beat peanut butter and butter on medium speed until combined. Add powdered sugar and milk. Beat until fluffy. Stir in KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, mixing until thoroughly combined. Press mixture evenly into 8 x 8 x 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. Refrigerate until firm.nDrizzle chocolate over cereal mixture. Refrigerate about 30 minutes or until chocolate is set and cereal mixture is firm. Cut into bars. Store in airtight container in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup reduced fat creamy peanut butter, 3 tablespoons butter or margarine, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons fat free milk, 3 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal or 3 cups KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 14 cup semisweet chocolate morsels, melted], title: Peanut Butter Bars, picturelink: ZObze8RCKcKSXIrhc8PM8MnCZF4YMzm}, 34317: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add the onion and garlic and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and sugar, bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Taste, adjust seasoning, if needed, and set aside.nFor the dumplings: Bring a medium pot of heavily salted water to boil over high heat. Add the arugula and blanch, about 30 seconds. Remove arugula with a slotted spoon, drain, and squeeze out as much moisture as possible. Chop finely and set aside. Return the pot to the stove, and bring to a simmer over low heat.nCombine the milk and the eggs in a large bowl and beat until well combined. Add the bread and mix until soaked through. Stir in the chopped arugula and mix thoroughly. Add the remaining ingredients, except the mozzarella, and stir until just evenly combined.nPreheat the broiler.nShape the dough into tablespoonsized dumplings you should have about 30. Drop about 10 dumplings into the simmering water and cook until they float to the surface and are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a colander and repeat with remaining dumpling dough.nOnce all the dumplings are cooked, transfer to an ovensafe serving dish, spoon the tomato sauce over the top and cover with the mozzarella. Broil until the cheese is bubbly and lightly browned. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup minced white onions, 2 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28 ounce can diced tomatoes with juices, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, optional, 8 ounces baby arugula, 12 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 4 ounces dayold crustless French or white bread, finely chopped, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 to 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Parmesan Arugula Dumplings, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 34318: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPour the tomatoes into a large bowl and break apart using a pair of kitchen shears or your finger tips. Add the zucchini, mint, cheese, olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine.nMeanwhile, bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the orzo and cook for 4 minutes. The orzo should be only partially cooked. Use a fine mesh sieve to transfer the orzo to the large bowl with the other vegetables. Stir the orzo into the vegetable mix to combine. Transfer the warm chicken broth to a 3quart baking dish.nSlice the tops off the peppers and remove all ribs and seeds. Cut a very thin slice from the base to help the peppers stand up.nPlace the peppers in the baking dish with the warm chicken broth. Spoon the orzo mixture into the peppers. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil, sprinkle the top of each pepper with cheese and continue baking until the cheese is golden, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, carefully transfer the orzo stuffed pepper to a serving plate., ingredients: [1 28ounce can Italian tomatoes, 2 zucchini, grated, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, plus more for sprinkling, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 12 cups orzo riceshaped pasta, 6 sweet bell peppers red or yellow], title: Orzo Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 34319: {instructions: Put the cumin seeds in a small saute pan and bring to a medium heat. Toast the cumin seeds until they become very aromatic, 3 to 4 minutes. Put the cumin seeds and the crushed red pepper in a spice grinder and pulse until the mix becomes a fine powder. In a small bowl combine the cumin powder with the garlic and ginger. Season the pork with salt and rub with the cumin powder mix. Let the pork hang out in the fridge for 2 hours or up to overnight. Remove from the fridge half an hour before you want to cook it.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Sear the pork on all sides. Put the saute pan with the pork into the oven. Roast the pork, turning it over halfway through the cooking time, 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove the pork from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before carving. Slice the pork into 12inch thick slices on the bias., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1inch piece ginger, peeled and grated on a zester, Kosher salt, 2 pork tenderloins, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Cumin and Ginger Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: KZM2DEjJsmHjgkvg9GM7vxfwpP3QE2}, 34320: {instructions: In a large nonreactive pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot, and celery and cook until the vegetables are softened, about 6 minutes. Stir in the garlic, rosemary, thyme, peppercorns and orange zest. Add the wine and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Cool the marinade completely. Place the short ribs in a large nonreactive bowl and add the cooled marinade. Cover and refrigerate at least overnight, preferably 24 hours.nStrain the marinade into a large nonreactive pot and discard the solids. Bring the marinade to a boil over high heat. Boil until reduced by onefourth, 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the short ribs in a large, flameproof nonreactive casserole such as enameled cast iron. Add the reduced marinade and the veal stock. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cover and bake until the beef is very tender and pulling from the bones, 3 12 to 4 hours. Transfer the beef to a platter and cool. Discard the bones, trim away any excess fat, and return the beef to the casserole.nMeanwhile, skim off and discard the fat on the surface of the cooking liquid. Strain the sauce into a large nonreactive pot and bring to a boil over medium heathigh. Add the olives and anchovies. Cook, skimming often, until the sauce reduces and is thick enough to coat a wooden spoon, about 30 minutes. Pour the sauce over the short ribs. The short ribs can be prepared up to 1 day in advance, cooled, covered, and refrigerated. Assembly: Bring the short ribs and sauce to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the short ribs are heated through, about 10 minutes. Spoon a portion of the potato pure onto the centers of 8 warmed dinner plates, and top each with the short ribs. Spoon the sauce around the potatoes.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot, add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches, and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the 3 tablespoons of salt and cook until the potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife. Drain and rinse under cold water until easy to handle. Peel the warm potatoes. Pass the potatoes through a potato ricer into a large bowl. Beat in the butter, olive oil, horseradish, and optional cheese. Season with salt and pepper. The potato pure can be made about 20 minutes ahead, placed in a heatproof bowl, loosely covered, and kept warm over a pot of simmering water, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 large onions, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 medium celery ribs, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons coarsely cracked black peppercorns, 3 3inch strips orange zest removed from orange with a vegetable peeler, 2 750 ml bottles hearty red wine, such as Zinfandel, 8 1pound each meaty singlerib portions beef short ribs, sawed crosswise in half by the butcher, 2 quarts veal stock, 1 12 cups pitted Nicoise olives, 4 anchovy fillets, chopped, 6 medium 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, 3 tablespoons fine sea salt, plus more to taste, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup peeled, grated fresh horseradish, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese optional, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Daube of Beef Short Ribs with Horseradish Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 34321: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, bell peppers, carrots and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring frequently, until the carrots begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, coriander, oregano, chipotle, tomato paste and tortillas and cook, stirring, until the tomato paste is brick red, about 4 minutes add a splash of water if the mixture begins to stick. Add the coffee and simmer until almost completely reduced, about 30 seconds. Stir in the tomatoes, cocoa powder, beans and 2 12 cups water and bring to a simmer over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chili thickens slightly, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, trim the large stems off the cauliflower and coarsely grate the florets on a box grater. About 10 minutes before the chili is done cooking, stir in the grated cauliflower. Cook 10 minutes, then remove from the heat. Stir in the chopped cilantro and season with salt. Add some water if the chili is too thick. Ladle into bowls and add toppings.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 large bell peppers 1 green, 1 red, chopped, 3 medium carrots, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 to 1 chipotle chile pepper in adobo sauce, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 corn tortillas, torn into pieces, 12 cup brewed coffee, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 12 head cauliflower, 12 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, plus torn leaves for topping optional, Shredded reducedfat cheddar cheese, sliced scallions and or plain lowfat Greek yogurt, for topping optional], title: Spicy Vegetarian Chili, picturelink: aMKCNDcCjYxkNoVw9Gbm8JT92f0EuGS}, 34322: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together soy sauce, gingerroot, honey, sherry, vinegar and the garlic paste. Add the salmon and let it marinate in the soy mixture, turning it once, for 5 minutes. Transfer the salmon, reserving the marinade in a small saucepan, to the oiled rack of broiler about 6 inches from the heat and cook for 5 minutes. While the salmon is cooking, boil the reserved marinade until it is reduced by half. Brush the salmon with some of the marinade, turn it, and brush it with the remaining marinade. Broil the salmon for 5 minutes more, or until it is springy to the touch and just cooked through, transfer it to a cutting board., ingredients: [5 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons mediumdry sherry, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds salmon steaks], title: TeriyakiStyle Salmon, picturelink: null}, 34323: {instructions: Boning of chicken:nUsing a sharp knife, remove the wings, leaving the exposed part of the wing to create airline cut chicken breast. Cut off the nub of the wing and place into the stock pile. Make slits down either side of the breast bone to expose the thighs. Remove the legs with the thighs. Separate the legs from the thighs. Remove the feet from the legs and add to the stock pile. Remove the backbone and add to the stock pile. Remove the neck and add to the stock pile. Remove the excess fat to make schmaltz. Remove the breast from the breast bone, using the tip of your knife. Remove the airline cut breast with part of wing included and tip removed. Remove the other breast using the same process., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, with head and feet], title: Boning of Whole Chicken, picturelink: null}, 34324: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. In medium bowl combine flour, chopped almonds, allspice, cinnamon and salt set aside.n3. In large bowl cream butter and powdered sugar using electric mixer. Add almond extract. Stir in flour mixture mix until just combined.n4. Shape level tablespoons of cookie dough to form balls. Place on baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Gently press 1 whole almond into center of each ball.n5. Sprinkle granulated sugar over cookies. Bake 16 to 18 minutes. Remove from oven cool cookies 3 minutes on baking sheet. Transfer cookies to cooling rack cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Whole Almonds, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 36 Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Whole Almonds], title: Almond Cookie Bites, picturelink: null}, 34325: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat a grill pan over high heat. Drizzle oil over chicken cutlets and season with grill seasoning blend or salt and pepper. Grill chicken 3 or 4 minutes on each side. Slice chicken into very thin strips.nSprinkle a pizza pan or baking stone with cornmeal or flour. Press dough into a pizza shell, working all the way to edges of the pan. Sprinkle the edges of your dough with sesame seeds. Cover the pie with 3 tablespoons each plum sauce or duck sauce and barbecue sauce. Cover pie with cheese. Top with sliced chicken and scallions and red pepper. Bake 12 to 15 minutes, until crisp and cheese is bubbly. Cut into 8 slices., ingredients: [12 pound thin cut cutlets boneless, skinless chicken breast, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Seasoning by McCormick or salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons cornmeal or allpurpose flour, 1 package store bought pizza dough you are making 1 12inch pie, 2 to 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 3 tablespoons plum sauce or Peking Duck Sauce, 3 tablespoons barbecue sauce, any variety or brand, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack, available on dairy aisle, 2 scallions, chopped in 1inch pieces on an angle, 14 red bell pepper, chopped], title: Peking Chicken Pizza, picturelink: sIne5o10bEhjqMzmNNao9qu21SecjYq}, 34326: {instructions: Boil carrots and rutabaga together until just soft. Drain and add butter. Smash together using either a potato masher or food processor until it looks like a puree. Season with lots of pepper and a little salt. Transfer to a serving dish and garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 pound peeled and chopped carrots, 1 pound peeled and chopped rutabaga, 12 stick, 4 tablespoons, butter, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Carrots and Rutabaga Mash, picturelink: null}, 34327: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, scallions, red onions, 1 teaspoon cumin, 13 cup olive oil, sherry vinegar, and serrano. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside for 2 hours.nIn a large stock pot place white beans and cover with 3 times the amount of water. Add bay leaf. Boil until beans are tender at least 1 hour. Strain beans.nIn a medium size saute pan, saute onions and garlic with 13 cup olive oil until translucent. Add oregano and 1 tablespoon cumin until aromatic.nIn a food processor, puree beans and onion mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nSeason the mahi mahi with salt and pepper. In a medium size saute pan, heat a little olive oil and cook the mahi mahi for 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nTo serve, place puree in large serving platter. Set fish on top of puree and top with tomato relish., ingredients: [3 tomatoes, medium diced, 12 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 2 red onions, small diced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, plus 1 tablespoon, 13 cup olive oil, plus 13 cup, 4 tablespoons aged Sherry vinegar, 1 serrano, very finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces white beans, Water, for boiling, 1 bay leaf, 1 white onion, cut into large diced, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 tablespoons dry oregano, 12 3ounce mahimahi fillets, skin off, Olive oil, for cooking], title: Pan Roasted Dorado, White Bean Mash, Tomato Relish with Toasted Cumin and Aged Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 34328: {instructions: Make the cake: In a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil, turn off heat and whisk in the cocoa until smooth. Let cool to room temperature.nPlace the rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F.nButter 2 8 by 2inch round cake pans, line the bottoms with circles of parchment and butter the parchment. Dust them with flour, shaking off excess flour. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer with the paddle attachment, add the cold butter, sugar, eggs and vanilla. Beat on slow to combine and raise to mediumhigh speed for 8 to 10 minutes until the butter is almost completely incorporated into the mixture.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.nWith the mixer on low speed, alternately add the flour mixture and the cocoa liquid in 2 additions of each, stopping to scrape the bowl occasionally, mixing just until combined.nEvenly divide the batter between the 2 cake pans I weigh them to get them even. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes until the cake springs back when gently pressed and a toothpick in the center comes out clean. Cool in the pans 10 minutes, then place on wire racks to finish cooling completely.nMake the frosting: Put the chocolate chips in a heat proof bowl and place over a saucepan of simmering water, do not let the water touch the bottom of the bowl. Stir the chips occasionally until melted, and remove from the heat to cool.nIn a medium mixing bowl, sift together the confectioners sugar, cocoa and salt and set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and the cream cheese until it is light and fluffy.nOn low speed, slowly add the confectioners sugar mixture to the butter mixture, combining well. Add the melted chocolate and the sour cream and vanilla, mixing just until combined. Its best to use it as soon as soon as it is made.nTo assemble the cake: If the layers are a little uneven, then level the top of each layer. Using a serrated knife, split the first layer in half and place on a cake plate. Spread 1 cup of the frosting on top of the layer and spread to the edges. Add the next layer and spread another cup of frosting over it. Split the other layer in half, spread with another 1 cup of frosting, turn the top layer upside down so that the bottom is on top, and pile on the rest of the frosting, evenly spreading it all over the top and the sides, swirling as you go. Yum, ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup cocoa powder recommended: Valrhona, 2 4ounce sticks unsalted butter, cold, 2 12 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract recommended: NeilsenMassey, 2 34 cups unbleached all purpose flour recommended: Heckers, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups semisweet chocolate chips recommended: Ghiradelli, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 13 cups sour cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Really Good Chocolate Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 34329: {instructions: Put the frozen squash and water into a large saucepan. Cook over a high heat until the Cover and cook over a medium heat, stirring frequently, until squash is thawed, about 10 minutes.nWhisk in the butter and maple syrup and season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 12ounce packages frozen cooked butternut squash or winter squash, 13 cup water, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Salt], title: Maple Squash Puree, picturelink: pXR1vR2pybGmQXIk9gYSn1wJzag5qgi}, 34330: {instructions: Heat the oil in a wide pot or large skillet over medium high heat. When hot, add ginger and garlic. Stir. When the garlic starts to brown, add the meat. Stir once or twice and turn the heat to medium low. Now add the rai masala, cumin, turmeric, cayenne, chili, and salt. Stir to mix. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Cover tightly, turn heat to low, and simmer gently for 50 to 60 minutes, or until the pork is almost done. Remove cover. Cook, uncovered, over high heat until all the liquid is gone and the meat has browned a bit, stirring as you do so. Add lots of freshly ground pepper and the lemon juice. Stir to mix., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, A 1 12inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and very finely minced, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and very finely minced, 1 pound boneless pork meat from the shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 teaspoons rai masala see note 3, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon tumeric, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 fresh long hot chili or 12 jalapeno, sliced thinly, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, Lots of fresh ground black pepper, 1 12 to 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Delectable Pork in a Mustard Spice Mix, picturelink: null}, 34331: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil over medium heat. Salt the water, add the pasta and cook to al dente.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook a few minutes until rendered and crisp. Put a small bowl inverted into a large bowl, steady the corn cobs on the smaller bowl and scrape the ears. Add 34 of the scraped corn and any corn liquid to the pan with the bacon. Add the shallots and red pepper and liberally season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the vegetables are tender, 5 to 6 minutes.nAdd the remaining corn and halfandhalf to a food processor and puree until smooth.nPour the stock or wine into the corn and vegetables, and simmer over low heat for a minute to reduce. Stir in the thyme and corncream mixture and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently, to thicken. Add the hot sauce or cayenne and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDrain the pasta and add it to a large serving bowl. Pour in the sauce, add a couple of handfuls of cheese, about 12 cup and toss. Top with torn basil or chopped tarragon and pass the remaining cheese at the table., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound fettuccine, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 6 slices smoky bacon, chopped, 6 ears corn on the cob, shucked, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup halfandhalf or cream  whatever you put in your morning coffee, 12 cup chicken stock or dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, A few dashes hot sauce or 1 or 2 pinches cayenne pepper, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Pecorino Romano, 12 cup torn sweet basil leaves or 14 cup chopped tarragon leaves], title: Summer Corn Fettuccine, picturelink: null}, 34332: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toast the fennel seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pulse the cookies in a food processor until finely ground. Add the fennel seeds and melted butter pulse until moistened. Press the mixture evenly into the bottom and up the side of a 9inch pie plate. Bake until lightly browned and set, about 8 minutes let cool completely.nMake the filling: Combine the chestnuts, sugar, 1 cup heavy cream and the vanilla seeds and pod in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the cream is very thick and the chestnuts are softened, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat cook until it smells nutty and is golden brown, about 4 minutes. Discard the vanilla pod from the chestnut mixture transfer the mixture to a food processor, add the browned butter and process until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the remaining 1u00bd cups heavy cream and the eggs process until combined. Let stand until thickened and cooled, about 1 hour.nCarefully pour the filling into the crust it will be full. Bake at 350 degrees F until the filling is set, about 45 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the meringue: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a large saucepan. Whisk the sugar, cream of tartar, salt and egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer. Set the bowl over the boiling water dont let the bowl touch the water continue whisking until the mixture is hot 135 degrees F and the sugar dissolves, 2 to 3 minutes.nTransfer the bowl to the stand mixer beat with the whisk attachment on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Increase the speed to high and beat until stiff, thick and glossy, 2 to 3 more minutes. Spread the meringue on top of the pie. Toast with a kitchen torch.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [34 teaspoon fennel seeds optional, 8 ounces shortbread cookies such as Lorna Doone about 30 cookies, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups peeled roasted chestnuts sold in bags or jars, 12 cup sugar, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt, 4 large egg whites], title: Chestnut Meringue Pie, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 34333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut refrigerated macaroni and cheese into slices or bite size pieces.nSeason the flour with salt, pepper and cayenne. Dredge each piece through the flour and gently tap off excess. Dip in the egg wash and then coat with the bread crumbs. Allow them to rest for 5 minutes so the crust can set. Very carefully drop into the oil and fry until golden brown. Remove to a baking sheet fitted with a rack and rest for 2 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Leftover baked macaroni and cheese, refrigerated for at least overnight, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 egg beaten with 2 ounces water, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, Oil for deep frying, preheated to 375 degrees], title: Next Day Mac and Cheese Toast, picturelink: tIoBUIzAdpCxzN3wAAVr5k58FVEkG92}, 34334: {instructions: Mix the wasabi and soy sauce together in a bowl, then marinate the tuna in the mixture for 30 minutes, refrigerated.nPlace all ingredients except olive oil in a saucepan and reduce by 12. Blend in the olive oil with a whisk to emulsify.nToss the tuna in sesame seeds. Pan sear the tuna to the desired doneness. Toss field greens in the orange ginger dressing. Arrange the greens on a plate. Slice the tuna and place on the greens., ingredients: [3 pounds sushi grade tuna, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon wasabi, 4 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 gallon orange juice, 4 ounces rice wine vinegar, 1 12 quarts olive oil, Field greens, Sesame seeds, Marinated tuna], title: Wasabi Marinated Tuna with Field Greens, picturelink: null}, 34335: {}, 34336: {instructions: Wash and pat dry lettuce leaves, then tear into pieces. Place on a platter and arrange the tomatoes on top and around the edges. To make the dressing: Place the cheese, oregano, chives, lime juice and olive oil in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Drizzle the dressing over the greens and tomatoes. Top with chile strips.nWhisk together the egg and water in a medium bowl. Coat the chile strips in the egg mixture, then set aside. Place the cornmeal in a bowl next to the chile strips. Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet until hot. Coat half the chile strips with cornmeal and add to the oil. Fry over medium heat until golden, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Fry the other half of the strips and drain.nSalt to taste., ingredients: [2 small heads Romaine lettuce, 2 small tomatoes, cut into wedges, 23 cup Cabrales cheese, 12 bunch chopped fresh oregano, 1 bunch chopped garlic chives, Juice of one lime, 1 cup Spanish olive oil, Chile strips, recipe follows, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water, 4 large Poblano chiles, seeded and cut into 12inch strips, 14 cup cornmeal, 14 cup vegetable oil, Salt], title: Romaine with Cabrales Dressing and Chile Strips, picturelink: null}, 34337: {instructions: Combine all of the syrup ingredients in a 2 quart stainless saucepan, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 15 minutes. Take the saucepan off the heat, remove the lemon and spices, and allow the syrup to cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the pistachios and 1 tablespoon of the sugar, to coat the nuts, in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Using the pulse method, process them until they are coarsely ground. Be sure not to over process the nuts because they will turn to paste. Remove the ground pistachios from the processor and place in a bowl and set aside.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter slowly on very low heat. Meanwhile, thoroughly combine the ground pistachios, cinnamon, and cloves in a bowl. Take 4 sheets of phyllo dough and brush each sheet with melted butter, layering the sheets as you go. Once the 4 sheets are pressed together, sprinkle 1 cup of the nut mixture over the top sheet and roll, lengthwise, until you reach the end. Keep the roll as tight as possible without breaking. It should look like a long cylinder. Repeat with remaining sheets, 4 at a time.nCut the roll into 2inch pieces, and dip each into the melted butter and then place on a baking sheet. Place into the oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from the oven and with a pair of tongs remove each piece from the pan, dip in the syrup, and place on a cake rack to drain. If the syrup begins to thicken, it can be reheated slightly. Serve in small cup cake cups on a platter., ingredients: [2 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups water, 14 cup honey, 2 18inch thick lemon slices, 1 stick cinnamon, 3 whole cloves, 2 pounds coarsely ground pistachios, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 14 pounds unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 pounds phyllo dough, about 32 sheets], title: Rolled Baklava, Baklava Orthi, picturelink: null}, 34338: {instructions: Stir together all the ingredients until the sugar dissolves. Serve well chilled or over ice. Pour into pitchers and garnish with fresh whole raspberries, sliced lemons, and mint leaves, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice 12 to 15 lemons, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh mint, 1 cup raspberries, mashed with a fork, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cups water], title: Minted Raspberry Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 34339: {instructions: For the turkey: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove and reserve the heart and giblets from the turkey cavity remove and discard the liver. Flip the turkey upside down so the breast is on your cutting board. Using kitchen shears, cut along both sides of the backbone to remove it. Using your fingers, gently separate the skin from the breast meat while keeping it attached. You want to create a pocket for the sage butter without tearing the skin.nPush the Sage Butter under the skin of the turkey, being careful not to puncture it. Rub the skin with olive oil, and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the gravy: Put the bay leaves, garlic, apples, celery, carrots, onions, cinnamon stick and thyme in a roasting pan and sprinkle with salt. Add 2 cups of the chicken stock and 1 cup of the apple cider, as well as the heart, giblets and backbone of the turkey.nRoast the turkey: Place a roasting rack on top of the vegetables and set the turkey on the rack. Roast for 1 hour 15 minutes. Tent the turkey with foil and continue roasting until an instantread thermometer inserted into the leg without touching bone registers 175 degrees F. Let the turkey rest for 15 minutes before carving.nMeanwhile, finish the gravy: Strain all the veggies over a bowl discard the veggies. Skim the fat from the pan juices and add it to the roasting pan this is the fat for the roux.nSet the roasting pan over 2 burners over low heat and whisk in the flour. Cook until the mixture looks like wet sand, 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in the remaining 1 cup apple cider and 2 cups chicken stock, as well as the strained pan juices from the bowl. Cook until the mixture has thickened and reached a gravy consistency. Taste and adjust with additional salt and pepper as needed. Pour into a serving pitcher or bowl and serve with the turkey.nMix the butter with the sage and some salt and pepper until well blended. Set aside., ingredients: [One 14pound turkey, Sage Butter, recipe follows, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 bay leaves, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 Granny Smith apples, cut into 12inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch dice, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bunch fresh thyme, Kosher salt, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups apple cider, 12 to 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, softened, 14 cup chopped fresh sage, Salt and pepper], title: Spatchcocked Turkey with Sage Butter and Gravy, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 34340: {instructions: Place the green beans and red onion in a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the garlic, mint, lemon zest and juice, and mustard. While whisking, slowly add the olive oil and whisk until thick and emulsified. Whisk in the sour cream and Tabasco. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the beans and toss well. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 24 hours before serving., ingredients: [2 12 pounds fresh green beans, blanched and shocked, 1 red onion, julienned, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup sour cream, 6 dashes Tabasco sauce, Salt, freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Bean and Mint Salad, picturelink: null}, 34341: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the carrots and cabbage and cook until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain and return to the pot. Add the butter and stir until melted season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm and set aside. Meanwhile, mix the sour cream, mustard and vinegar in a small bowl set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the salmon with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper add to the skillet, skinside down, and cook until the skin is golden brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook until just cooked through, 1 to 2 more minutes.nStir the dill into the vegetable mixture. Serve with the salmon, mustard sour cream and lemon wedges., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 4 carrots, thinly sliced, 6 cups thinly sliced Savoy cabbage about 14 head, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 12 teaspoons champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 6ounce skinon salmon fillets preferably wild, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Salmon with Dill Carrots and Cabbage, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 34342: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper, celery, shallot, tarragon and chives in a bowl.nAdd lobster meat to mayonnaise sauce and combine.nRub the rim of 4 martini glasses with a lemon. Dip the rim in some dry rub. Divide the lobster salad between the 4 glasses. Garnish with dry rub and lemon slices., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stalk finely chopped celery, 1 finely chopped shallot, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 3 lobster tails cooked about 1 pound lobster meat, chopped, Lemon slices, for garnish, Dry rub, for garnish recommended: Neelys], title: Lobster Salad Cocktail, picturelink: Limf8psJr29Ja4IUCsb3FuAbwnTOJfS}, 34343: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the beef, minced pork, pork skin, pork fat, garlic, shallots, sugar, 1 teaspoon black pepper, and fish sauce. Knead for 5 minutes until all ingredients are well combined. Cover, then refrigerate 1 hour for the flavours to develop. Heat a barbecue grill or char grill pan. With wet hands, divide the mixture into 12 even portions and roll each portion into a sausage shape. Thread the beef sausages onto each lemongrass stick and brush with a little oil. Place on the hot grill and cook the beef skewers for 6 minutes, turning every few minutes, until cooked. Remove the meat from the lemongrass skewers, and distribute 2 skewers per baguette. Spread 12 teaspoon each chile sauce and hoisin sauce into each baguette., ingredients: [3 12 ounces 100 g minced ground beef, 7 ounces 200 g minced ground pork, 1 12 tablespoons20 g cooked and shredded pork skin See Cooks Note, 1 12 tablespoons20 g minced pork fat, 3 cloves garlic, finely diced 1 tablespoon, Chopped shallots, 12 tablespoon sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 12 lemongrass stalks, trimmed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 baguettes, warm, 3 tablespoons chile sauce, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce], title: Hue Lemongrass Skewers: Nem Lui Hue, picturelink: null}, 34344: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high.nIn a large bowl, mix the ground beef with the salt and pepper and set aside.nNext, brush the green chiles with oil and place them on the hottest part of the grill. Cook the chiles until they are charred on all sides about 5 minutes. Then remove them from the grill and put them in a bowl of ice water to cool. Remove the chiles from the ice water and carefully peel off the charred skin. Cut the stem off, remove the seeds and set aside. Take the onions and place them on the grill. Cook the onions until charred on all sides about 10 minutes and set aside.nIn a blender, add half the peeled chiles and half of the charred onions. Then add in the garlic, epazote, and oregano. Blend until the ingredients come together. Add the grapeseed oil and water and continue blending until the mixture is smooth about 30 seconds. Remove mixture to a large bowl.nRoughly chop the remaining chiles and onions and mix them into the chile puree. Season, to taste.nForm the ground beef into 4 8ounce patties. Brush the grill with oil and cook the patties to desired doneness, 5 minutes for medium rare, 15 minutes for well done. Put the hamburger buns on the grill until lightly toasted. Just before removing the burgers, top them with the cheese and chile mixture. Remove the patties from the grill once the cheese begins to melt and place them on the hamburger buns. Garnish with your favorite toppings and enjoy, ingredients: [2 pounds Angusquality ground beef, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 4 pounds mild green chiles, recommended: New Mexico Hatch Chiles, 2 pounds hot green chiles, recommended: New Mexico Hatch Chiles, 3 large white onions, peeled, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon fresh epazote, 12 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 cup water, Oil, for brushing grill, 4 hamburger buns, 1 pound Asadero cheese, sliced 14inch thick, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, sliced 14inch thick], title: Green Chile Cheeseburger, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 34345: {instructions: In a medium bowl whisk together the eggs and half and half until frothy. Add the tarragon, some salt and pepper, and whisk together. Add the cubed challah and let it soak in the egg mixture for about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a small ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham, peppers and spring onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the ham is a bit browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining butter and spread the ham and vegetables out evenly in the pan. Pour in the challahegg mixture and let cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumlow, cover, and cook until the frittata becomes light and fluffy, about 3 more minutes. Place the pan under the broiler until the top is browned, about 1 minute. Transfer the frittata to a plate and cut into wedges.nNote: If you dont have a broiler, use a heat proof rubber spatula and carefully flip the frittata over, and cook for 1 minute. Or, melt a tablespoon of butter in a separate skillet until it sizzles. Pour the melted butter over the frittata and place the empty skillet over the frittata pan. Holding both handles, carefully flip the pans over, and cook the frittata on the other side for a minute., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 1inch thick slices challah bread, crusts removed and bread cubed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 slices good quality ham, chopped, 12 red pepper, diced, 2 spring onions, white part only, thinly sliced], title: Challah Bread Pudding Frittata, picturelink: null}, 34346: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 9inch glass pie plate with shortening, or spray with CRISCOu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray. Separate dough into 5 rolls set icing aside. Unroll 1 roll into long strip of dough reroll loosely and place in center of pie plate. Unroll second roll loosely wrap around first roll, cinnamon side in, replacing any cinnamon that falls off. Repeat with remaining rolls, coiling dough in pie plate into spiral shape. In small bowl, beat remaining ingredients with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spoon cream cheese mixture into decorating bag with tip or gallonsize resealable foodstorage plastic bag with 12inch hole cut in bottom corner. With tip or corner of bag about halfway down into rolls, pipe mixture between strips of dough, starting at center and working to edge of pie plate, using all of mixture. Bake 25 to 35 minutes or until center is thoroughly baked and edges are deep golden brown. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. Cool 5 minutes. Meanwhile, remove cover from icing microwave on Medium 50 10 to 15 seconds or until thin enough to drizzle. Drizzle icing over warm coffee cake. Cut into wedges serve warm., ingredients: [1 can 17.5 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Grands refrigerated cinnamon rolls with icing, 1 package 8 oz. cream cheese, softened, 12 cup Dominou00ae or CHu00ae Granulated Sugar, 2 teaspoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Giant CinnamonCheese Danish, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 34347: {instructions: Special equipment: Pecan or apple wood chips, soaked in cold water for at least 2 hoursnFor the trout: Combine 4 cups water, the salt and sugar in a 4quart container and stir until the salt dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the trout, making sure they are submerged. Cover the container and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours.nRemove the trout from the brine, rinse thoroughly with cold water and pat dry. Place the trout skinside down on a rack set in a half baking sheet. Place the rack in the refrigerator for drying, 21 to 24 hours or until the trout skin becomes shiny and somewhat tacky to the touch.nPrepare the smoker using pecan or apple wood chips so that it maintains a temperature of 190 degrees F. Place the trout onto the smoking racks, skinside down, separating them by at least 14inch. Place the smoking racks in the smoker. Adjust the heat as needed and cook until the trout is cooked through, has darkened in color and has the desired level of smoke flavor, about 20 minutes. Remove the flesh from the bones of the trout and flake the trout into medium pieces.nFor the Meyer lemon dressing: Whisk the lemon juice, mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, honey, zest and sprinkle with salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified.nFor the assembly: Place several pieces of the trout into individual lettuce leaves, drizzle with some of the Meyer lemon dressing and top with the carrots and parsley. Roll the lettuce leaves and eat., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 8 rainbow trout fillets, 14 cup freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 heaping tablespoon whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated, 1 carrot, julienned or grated, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves], title: Smoked Trout Lettuce Wraps with Meyer Lemon Dressing and Carrots, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 34348: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in the shortening with a pastry knife or fork until the mixture is well blended. Use in recipes that call for Bisquick or allpurpose mix., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening], title: AllPurpose Baking Mix, picturelink: null}, 34349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the wild rice in a medium pot with 4 cups of water and 2 teaspoons of salt and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 50 to 60 minutes, until the rice is very tender. Drain well and place the rice back in the pot. Cover and allow to steam for 10 minutes.nWhile the rice is still warm, place it in a mixing bowl. Peel the oranges with a sharp knife, removing all the white pith. Cut between the membranes and add the orange sections to the bowl with the rice. Add the olive oil, orange juice, raspberry vinegar, grapes, pecans, cranberries, scallions, 12 teaspoon of salt, and the pepper. Allow to sit for 30 minutes for the flavors to blend. Taste for seasonings and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup longgrain wild rice 6 ounces, Kosher salt, 2 navel oranges, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, 12 cup seedless green grapes, cut in half, 12 cup pecans, toasted, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Rice Salad, picturelink: T2fJCJRcTXJf5vkPdgdhs4MHcMyrEO}, 34350: {instructions: Peel avocados and cut into cubes. Do the same with the bananas. Squeeze lemon juice over the fruits to prevent discoloration. Peel and cut mangoes into cubes along with the watermelon. Mix the fruit with the chipped ice and pile into 4 individual ice cream glasses.nIn a bowl, whisk together the coconut cream and simple syrup, to taste and drizzle it over the fruitice mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, 2 ripe bananas, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 mangoes, 2 slices watermelon, Lots of chipped ice, 12 cup thick coconut cream or evaporated milk, 14 cup simple syrup, or more], title: Chipped Ice with Fruit, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 34351: {instructions: For the ma and pa slaw: Whisk together the mayonnaise, lime juice, vinegar and sugar in a large bowl. Add the red and green cabbage and toss until thoroughly coated.nFor the blackened catfish tacos: Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Working in batches if necessary, add the tortillas and warm 15 seconds per side keep warm while you fry the catfish.nCoat one side of each piece of catfish with Creole seasoning. Put the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat when hot, add the catfish seasonedside down and cook until blackened, about 5 minutes. Flip, and cook on the second side until an instantread thermometer reads 145 degrees F., about 5 more minutes.nPut 1 piece of catfish on each tortilla. Top with some slaw, onions and 2 slices of the avocado. Garnish each with a dollop of thousand island dressing and a few leaves of cilantro, if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 14 head green cabbage, thinly sliced, 4 yellow corn tortillas, Two 8ounce skinless American catfish fillets, split lengthwise down the center, 14 cup Creole seasoning, 12 cup peanut or canola oil, 12 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 avocado, cut into 8 slices, 14 cup storebought thousand island dressing, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Blackened Catfish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 34352: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place garlic in an ovenproof ramekin, and drizzle with olive oil. Roast until light brown and very soft, about 20 minutes. Let stand until cool enough to handle peel garlic and cut into slivers set aside. Lower oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nPeel squash, halve lengthwise, and seed. Cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices set aside.nPlace the kale in a steamer basket over boiling water, cover, and steam until bright green and wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and roughly chop. Squeeze out as much water as possible set kale aside.nButter a 2 12quart gratin dish. Distribute half the sliced squash in the dish, reserving the prettiest slices for the top layer. In a small bowl, combine the butter nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Distribute half the sliced garlic over squash, and sprinkle with 13 of seasoning mixture and 1 teaspoon thyme.nArrange the kale over squash, and sprinkle with 13 of the seasoning. Arrange remaining squash over kale, and sprinkle with remaining seasoning and 1 teaspoon thyme. Distribute remaining garlic over squash, tucking it between slices.nPour cream over assembled gratin, and cover with a piece of parchment. Bake until squash is soft when pierced with the tip of a knife, 40 to 45 minutes halfway through the baking time, remove parchment, press down on squash with a spatula to compress and distribute the liquid cover and continue baking. Meanwhile, combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. After 45 minutes, lower oven temperature to 375 degrees F, and remove the parchment paper. If youre planning to reheat this dish later, let cool, and transfer to refrigerator. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the squash return to oven and continue to bake, uncovered, until golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool for 15 minutes. Garnish with remaining thyme.nTo reheat: Do not add final layer of bread crumb mixture. Remove from the refrigerator, and let come to room temperature, 15 to 20 minutes. Cover with parchment paper, and reheat in a 400 degrees oven for 20 minutes. Top with bread crumb mixture and bake until golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Garnish with thyme., ingredients: [7 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 12 teaspoon olive oil, 2 medium acorn squashes 3 pounds, 12 pound kale, stems trimmed, large ribs removed, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper, plus 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons bread crumbs, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Savory Squash Gratin, picturelink: null}, 34353: {instructions: Special equipment: Stand mixernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a fork, lightly prick holes all over the sweet potatoes. Set the sweet potatoes on a foillined roasting tray and bake until fork tender, 30 minutes.nWhile still hot, cut the sweet potatoes in half and scoop the flesh into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Add the 1 cup Parmesan, olive oil, brown sugar, thyme, nutmeg, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Beat on medium speed until the ingredients come together. Increase the speed to high and mix until light and airy, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nDump the sweet potato mixture onto a lightly floured work surface and gently knead, adding small amounts of flour at a time, until the dough comes together and holds as a single mass. When done, the dough should be light and tender to the touch. Place in a floured bowl, cover and let rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nDivide the dough in half on a lightly floured work surface. Roll each half into a 34inchthick rope. With a sharp knife, cut the ropes into 1inch pillows.nBring a medium saucepot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi and cook until they float, 2 to 3 minutes.nWhile the gnocchi are cooking, set a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and melt until frothy and nuttysmelling. Drain the gnocchi, reserving some of the cooking water add the gnocchi straight to the saute pan. Toss to brown lightly, then season with salt and pepper. Once browned, you can add a little of the pasta water to make a light sauce. Divide among serving plates and shower with the remaining 14 cup Parmesan., ingredients: [3 large sweet potatoes, 1 cup plus 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, finely minced, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus for dusting the work surface, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Sweet Potato Gnocchi, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 34354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the powdered sugar, dry milk and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse 4 to 5 times until the mixture is smooth and well combined. Set aside.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup and water in a 2quart pot. Put over medium heat, cover and cook for 4 minutes. Add the butter, clip on a candy thermometer, and bring the mixture to 230 degrees F, about 1 to 2 minutes. When the sugar syrup reaches 230 degrees F, take the pot off the heat and remove the thermometer. Add the vanilla and the dry mixture, stirring continuously with a silicone spatula until well combined. Pour onto a half sheet pan lined with a silicone baking mat. Cool until the mixture is cool enough to handle, about 10 to 15 minutes.nDivide the dough into 3 equal pieces. Add 2 drops of yellow food coloring to 1 piece and knead the dough until the color is consistent throughout. Add 2 drops of orange to the second piece, and knead until the color is consistent throughout. Leave the third piece white. Roll each piece of dough into a strand, about 18inches long. Cut each strand in half.nRoll 1 of the white pieces into a strand that is about 12inch thick and about 22inches long. Repeat with a yellow piece and orange piece. Lay the strands side by side and press them together using your fingers. Cut the strand into 4inch pieces. Lay the strands, 1 at a time, onto the silicone mat and press into a wedge shape, like a triangle. Use a wire butter slicer to cut the candies into pieces. If you dont have a wire butter slicer, use a knife, metal bench scraper or pizza cutter to slice the dough into small pieces. Repeat the procedure with remaining dough. Lay the finished pieces on a piece of parchment or waxed paper to dry for 1 hour. Store in an airtight container with parchment paper between each layer., ingredients: [4 12 ounces powdered sugar, approximately 1 14 cups, 12ounce nonfat dry milk, approximately 6 12 teaspoons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 12 ounces granulated sugar, approximately 12 cup, 3 34 ounces light corn syrup, approximately 13 cup, 2 12 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 to 3 drops yellow and orange gel paste food coloring], title: Candy Corn, picturelink: mwbVpB3GIxVioep0bpUrnO2zRngb2}, 34355: {instructions: Peel potatoes and place in cold water. Using a box grater, grate potatoes and onions into large bowl.nTransfer potatoandonion mixture to a colander set over a bowl, and squeeze out excess moisture. Return mixture to bowl. Starchy sediment can be added back to mixture, if desired.nIn separate bowl, combine eggs, matzo meal or flour, fresh dill, if using, and salt and pepper, to taste. Combine all ingredients, adding more matzo meal if mixture is too wet.nIn large skillet, heat 12inch oil or chicken fat over mediumhigh heat. Drop tablespoon or serving spoonsize portions of mixture into hot oil, and press down with spoon to flatten. Fry until brown and crispy on edges turn until golden brown on each side, cooking 3 minutes per side. Remove to paper towels to drain. Serve immediately with applesauce and sour cream., ingredients: [6 medium Idaho potatoes, 2 medium yellow onions, 2 large eggs, 14 cup matzo meal, or 3 tablespoons allpurpose, unbleached flour, Fresh dill, optional, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, Chicken fat, or vegetable oil, for frying, Applesauce, for serving, Sour cream], title: Janes Latkes, picturelink: null}, 34356: {instructions: Place a skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When it is hot, add the garlic and ginger and cook for 2 minutes. Add the coriander, fenugreek, paprika, salt and pepper and cook for 30 seconds. Add the Brussels sprouts and 12 cup water and cover with a tightfitting lid. Let steam until the sprouts are bright green and tendercrisp, 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed with hands, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed and cut in half], title: Indian Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 34357: {instructions: Place the popcorn in a food storage bag and crush with a small skillet. Pour the crushed popcorn mixture onto a cookie sheet and combine with nuts. Soften ice cream 15 seconds per pint in microwave oven. Use a large scoop to overpack a round ball of ice cream. Place ice cream onto cookie sheet and roll in coating. Cover oddshapped ball in plastic wrap and use the wrap as a barrier to mold ball into a perfect circle the size of a baseball. Repeat to form 4 balls. You will use about 1 12 pints of ice cream total. Freeze until ready to serve. Garnish baseballs with caramel sauce, whipped cream and maraschino cherry., ingredients: [4 cups caramel coated popcorn recommended: Cracker Jack, Plastic food storage bag, gallon size, 1 package, 2 ounces, chopped nut topping, available on baking aisle, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, Optional garnishes: caramel sauce, canister whipped cream, maraschino cherries], title: Caramel Peanut Popcorn Baseballs, picturelink: null}, 34358: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly brush eggplant halves with oil. Place cut side down on a cookie sheet and bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until flesh feels soft. Allow to cool. When the eggplant has cooled, scoop out flesh, chop coarsely and set aside. Meanwhile, place onion slices in skillet with water, cover and cook over low heat until soft, about 10 minutes. Combine with eggplant, thyme and stock in a 2 quart saucepan. Simmer for 15 minutes. Ladle into soup bowls., ingredients: [2 medium eggplants, cut in 12 lengthwise, 1 teaspoon olive oil, l large onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock], title: Eggplant and Onion Soup with Fresh Thyme, picturelink: null}, 34359: {instructions: Raspberry Ice Cream:nChocolate Glaze:nAlmond Honey Brittle:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine and sift all of the dry ingredients, whisk in the buttermilk and creme fraiche, then the butter and the eggs.nBake in a 10inch cake pan for 30 minutes.nBlend the raspberries and strain out all of the seeds. Bring the milk and sugar to a boil. Temper in the egg yolks. Remove from the heat and add the cream and raspberry puree. Spin according to ice cream machine directions.nPlace the water and corn syrup in a pot and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and whisk until smooth.nPlace the sugar and honey in a pot and cook until the sugar has all melted, once melted add in the butter on tablespoon at a time. Once the mixture caramelizes add the nuts and baking soda and stir. Transfer to a silpat and once cool chop into piecesnTo assemble the cake, place the cake sponge into the bottom of a ring mold and top with bits of the toffee and raspberry ice cream. Fill the ring mold with enough ice cream that only 14 to 12inch is left at the top of the ring mold. It is preferable to allow this to set in the freezer overnight. Once set, pour the room temp chocolate glaze on top and fill the remaining 14 to 12inch of the mold. You may decorate the cake by wrapping it in chocolate, or simply garnish with fresh raspberries.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound sugar, 4 ounces cocoa, 1 pound all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups creme fraiche, 8 ounces melted butter, 6 eggs, 3 cups fresh raspberries, plus more for garnish, 2 cups milk, 3 cups sugar, 12 yolks, 6 cups heavy cream, 1 cup water, 12 cup corn syrup, 1 pound dark chocolate, melted, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup honey, 3 ounces butter, 1 cup toasted almonds, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Colorado Black Bear Cake, picturelink: null}, 34360: {instructions: Mix the cream cheese, Cheddar, Worcestershire, lemon zest, cayenne and a few grinds of pepper together in a medium bowl until thoroughly combined.nLay a large piece of plastic wrap on a work surface and put the cheese mixture on top. Use the plastic wrap to form it into a 6inch log. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPut the pistachios on a large plate. Unwrap the cheese log and roll it in the pistachios until it is fully coated. Serve immediately or rewrap in clean plastic and refrigerate up to 1 day., ingredients: [One 8ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 34 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Zest of 12 lemon, finely grated, Pinch of cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup roasted salted pistachios, finely chopped, Crackers or sliced bread, for serving], title: PistachioCoated Cheese Log, picturelink: WGvrPJj7apPk.kpO5UsdfnKWymZby}, 34361: {instructions: Sprinkle peach halves with sugar. Place under broiler and broil about 5 to 7 minutes until sugar is caramelized., ingredients: [4 mediumripe peaches, halved and pitted, 8 tablespoons sugar], title: Broiled Peaches, picturelink: null}, 34362: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne and cook according to package directions. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water.nWhisk the yogurt with the cream in a measuring cup and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and stir in the tomatoes and vodka. Return the skillet to medium heat, bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring often, until the alcohol cooks off and the sauce comes together and thickens, about 7 minutes. Stir in the yogurtcream mixture and cook until the sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes.nAdd the pasta, Parmesan, parsley and 12 teaspoon salt to the skillet and toss to combine. Use the reserved pasta water to thin the sauce as needed., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces wholewheat penne, 14 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 13 cup vodka, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup loosely packed Italian flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped], title: LightenedUp Penne a la Vodka, picturelink: KyGF0aAjs3gwxBXACL08boHHwlXgyJy}, 34363: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the grapefruit juice, tequila, agave liqueur and simple syrup. Stir just to blend, then strain into two rocks glasses filled with ice. Serve garnished with strips of grapefruit zest.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Once the sugar has dissolved, turn off the heat and add the basil. Allow the syrup to cool completely before removing the basil. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Leftover syrup will keep for up to a month., ingredients: [6 ounces pink grapefruit juice, 3 ounces anejo tequila, 1 ounce Mexican agave liqueur, 12 ounce BasilInfused Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Grapefruit zest, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 12 bunch basil, with stems], title: Pink Sombrero, picturelink: KoGCrY1BPmSIPFqFAKhiXmRIeQfQIvG}, 34364: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush a shallow 2quart baking dish round or rectangular with 1 tablespoon of the melted butter.nIn a food processor, combine the cream cheese, sour cream, spinach, olives, artichoke hearts, mozzarella, Pecorino and 34 cup of the Parmesan. Then add the garlic, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. Pulse to roughly chop.nPlace dough balls around the edge of the prepared baking dish. Fill the center of the dish with the dip, spreading to even. Press any remaining dough balls into the top of the dip. Brush the dough with the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter, and then sprinkle the dough and the dip with the remaining 14 cup Parmesan.nBake until the dip is bubbling and the rolls are golden and cooked through, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 10 ounces frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 12 cup pitted green olives, One 14ounce can quartered artichoke hearts, drained, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 dough balls frozen dinner rolls, such as Rhodes, thawed], title: Spinach, Olive and Artichoke Dip, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 34365: {instructions: Toss 12 chicken wings with 14 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Spread on an oiled baking sheet bake at 425 degrees F until golden, about 30 minutes. Whisk 1 cup mango chutney, 2 tablespoons each lemon juice and yellow mustard, and a pinch of salt. Toss the chicken with half of the sauce return to the baking sheet and bake 5 more minutes. Serve with the remaining sauce.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [], title: Mango Wings, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 34366: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk the olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, garlic powder, cumin, onion powder, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Combine the rice cereal squares, cornflakes, pita chips and pepitas in a bowl. Toss with the spice mixture and spread on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 40 minutes.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 3 cups rice cereal squares, 1 cup cornflakes, 23 cup wholegrain pita chips, broken into small pieces, 12 cup unsalted pepitas hulled pumpkin seeds], title: Spicy Cereal Mix, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 34367: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Toss the oats, almonds, pecans, pumpkin seeds, wheat germ and sesame seeds in a large bowl.nMelt the butter with 2 tablespoons maple syrup in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Pour the syrup mixture over the oat mixture and stir to coat evenly.nSpread the mixture on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 1 12 hours. Remove the mixture from the oven, but leave the oven on.nTransfer the granola to a large bowl. Stir in the remaining maple syrup, the dried fruit and egg whites. Spray twelve 12cup nonstick muffin cups with nonstick cooking spray and firmly press about 13 cup of the mixture into each. Bake until set, about 45 minutes.nTransfer the muffin tin to a rack and cool 15 minutes before unmolding. Store cooled granola up to 1 month at room temperature in a tightly sealed container.nFrom Food Network Kitchen, ingredients: [1 12 cups rolled oats, 14 cup whole almonds with skins, coarsely chopped, 14 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 14 cup green pumpkin seeds pepitas, 14 cup toasted wheat germ, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup mixed dried fruit, such as diced apricots, dates and pears, or blueberries, cranberries, currants and raisins, 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Maple Granola ToGo Breakfast Cookies, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 34368: {}, 34369: {instructions: Mix all of the ingredients together until evenly distributed there should be no lumps. Cover with waxed paper and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll dough into balls about the size of a golf ball. To keep batter from sticking to your hands, rub them with oil or water as needed. Drop balls immediately into a large pot of boiling water.nCook the balls for about 20 minutes or until done. They will sink to the bottom and then float back up to the top as they cook and the water returns to temperature. The balls should have expanded to be about 2 12 times their original size about the size of a tennis ball. Check to make sure that the balls are done by cutting in half. The center should look grainy and yellow.nRemove balls from pot and use immediately or set them in a pot of cold water and let cold water run over them until completely cooled. Set them in cold water in the refrigerator until ready to use. They may be reheated either in the broth or in the water.nIn a large stockpot, add all ingredients and water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 2 hours. Taste and adjust seasoning. Let cool. Strain vegetables out of the broth. Use immediately or it may be frozen., ingredients: [2 cups matzo meal, 9 eggs, 12 cup kosher for Passover vegetable oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 carrots cut into chunks, 2 medium onions cut into chunks, 2 parsnips cut into chunks, 3 turnips cut into chunks, 12 cloves of garlic, 1 leek thinly sliced, 34 teaspoon turmeric, Pepper to taste, Handful of parsley and dill, Water], title: Matzo Ball Soup, picturelink: null}, 34370: {instructions: For the honey chipotle lime sauce: In a food processor, puree all the ingredients until combined and add to a saucepan to heat through over medium heat.nFor the shrimp: While the sauce is reducing, combine the flour with the salt, pepper, cayenne and chili powder and stir to combine. Add the shrimp in batches to the flour and toss gently to coat evenly.nPreheat a couple inches canola oil to 350 degrees F in a deep skillet and add the shrimp. Cook until golden brown, turning as needed, 3 to 4 minutes. Work in batches to avoid crowding. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towellined plate.nDivide and add the rice noodles to the bottom of 2 martini glasses. Top the noodles with 3 lime wheels each and set aside until service.nAdd the shrimp to the reduced sauce and toss gently to coat evenly. Remove from the sauce with a slotted spoon or tongs and place in the prepared martini glasses. Garnish with Mango Jicama Salsa, chile threads, lotus chips and a lime wedge, if desired. Serve immediately.nToss the jicama, mango, onions and jalapeno gently in a bowl with the remaining ingredients and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup honey, 14 cup lime juice about 1 12 limes, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Pinch red chile flakes, Pinch chile powder, Pinch cayenne pepper, 4 chipotles in adobo, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 12 ounces rock shrimp about 1 12 cups, Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup cooked rice noodles, optional, for garnish, 6 lime wheels, optional, for garnish, 4 tablespoons Mango Jicama Salsa, recipe follows, 1 pinch chile threads, optional, for garnish, Lotus chips, optional, for garnish, 2 lime wedges, for service, 1 cup jicama, diced into 18inch pieces, 1 cup ripe mango, diced into 18inch pieces, 14 cup 18inch diced red onion, 2 teaspoons minced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon sweet chili sauce, 14 teaspoon sea salt], title: Lava Rock Shrimp With Honey Chipotle Lime Sauce and Mango Jicama Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34371: {instructions: Cover dried apples with water. Soak 2 to 3 hours. Drain water, reserving 1 cup. In a saucepan, simmer soaked apples, 1 cup water, and cranberries until cranberries start to burst.nRemove from heat add sugar, raisins, cinnamon, orange peel, and the juice of 2 limes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPrepare piecrust. Pour mixture into pie plate lined with lower crust. Cover with top crust.nBake pie for 1 hour.nMeasure and set aside 12 cup flour and 2 tablespoons butter. Rub the remaining butter into the flour. Stir in cold water with a fork.nRoll dough out on wellfloured board with a floured rolling pin, dot with 1 tablespoon reserved butter, and sprinkle 1 tablespoon reserved flour. Roll up the dough like a jelly roll. Flour lightly and roll to a 14 inch thickness.nRepeat the butter and flour addition procedure, using up all butter and flour. Divide dough in half and form into 2 discs, covering each with plastic wrap. Store in a cool place until needed., ingredients: [2 cups dried apples, Water, to cover apples, 2 cups cranberries, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon orange peel, 2 limes, juiced, Piecrust, recipe follows, 2 cups sifted flour or 3 cups rye flour, measured after sifting, 12 cup butter, 6 tablespoons cold water], title: Dried Apple and Cranberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 34372: {instructions: To make the dough, put the flour in a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the center and add the oil and salt. Stir together with a wooden spoon and slowly add the water until a dough begins to form. Turn out onto a well floured surface and knead until smooth. Divide the dough into 2 balls, flatten into disks, wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes or until ready to use.nTo make the filling, pour the olive oil into a large pot and place it over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the anchovies and cook, stirring until they dissolve. Add the onions, salt and pepper, stir and cover. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent, about 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature. Grease the baking sheet with olive oil and set aside.nOn a well floured work surface, roll out 1 of the disks to about 18inch thick rectangle to fit the size of the sheet pan and line the pan with the dough. Spread the filling out over the dough, roll out the second disk a little larger than the sheet pan and place it over the onions. Crimp the edges, brush with olive oil and cut vent slits into the top. Transfer the pan into the top half of the oven and bake until the dough is golden brown, about 1 hour. Let cool, slice and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 to 1 14 cups warm water, 14 cup olive oil, 10 anchovy fillets, optional, 4 pounds Spanish onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, Special Equipment: 11 by 17inch baking sheet pan], title: Rustic Onion Pie, picturelink: null}, 34373: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet pan with aluminum foil. Put the beets in a bowl with the olive oil, brown sugar and some salt and pepper and toss to coat. Spread the beets on the baking sheet, scatter the lemon peel and thyme around them and roast until a toothpick inserted into the beets meets just a little resistance in the middle, about 1 hour. Cool, peel and slice the beets 14inch thick.nMeanwhile, drain the ricotta in a colander for about 10 minutes, then add it to a food processor along with the buttermilk, parsley, chives and some salt and pepper. Whip until fluffy taste and reseason if necessary.nToss the sliced beets, lime juice, extravirgin olive oil and some Maldon in a medium bowl. Lay the beets on a platter. Scatter the fennels seeds and black olives on top. Then lay the blood oranges over the beets and sprinkle with the pistachios. Drizzle a little balsamic vinegar over the top. Dollop the ricotta mixture around the beets. Top with the micro basil and arugula flowers and serve., ingredients: [4 red beets, each about 3 ounces, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 strips lemon peel, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch Maldon or other sea salt, 2 tablespoons toasted fennel seed, 2 tablespoons chopped dehydrated black olives, or Kalamata or Gaeta olives, 3 blood oranges, peel and pith removed, sliced 14inch thick, 14 cup toasted pistachios, 23 tablespoons goodquality balsamic vinegar, Micro basil, for serving, Arugula or other edible flowers, for serving], title: Beet and Blood Orange Salad, picturelink: zaNfEuYNXYV7yld2EgLhifzmZTX.Tcy}, 34374: {instructions: In a bowl fitted into a sauce pan with barely simmering water, whisk the yolks with the lemon juice until light and frothy. Whisk in the butter in 2tablespoon increments. The sauce will seem thin at first, but continue to whisk until the sauce thickens. Be careful not to overcook because the eggs will scramble. When sauce is thick, remove from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 8 ounces butter, very soft or melted, 3 tablespoons minced roasted green chile, 1 scallion, minced, Pinch cayenne, Salt], title: Roasted Green Chile Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 34375: {instructions: With melon baller, scoop out insides of cucumber slices, being careful not to go all the way through. Fill each cucumber cup with a dab of Russian dressing, a bit of lobster and a few kernels of corn.nCombine all dressing ingredients and adjust to taste. Will keep for a week in the refrigerator., ingredients: [3 cucumbers, peeled  sliced into 8, 1.5 slices, 1 lobster, boiled, picked  chopped, 1 cob of corn, boiled  kernels removed, 12 cup Russian dressing recipe below, 12 cup mayonaisse, 14 ketchup, 1 Tb. lemon juice, 2 Tbs. minced onion, pinch of dry mustard, salt and pepper to taste], title: Lobster Stuffed Cucumber Cups, picturelink: null}, 34376: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet liberally with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nHoneyMustard: In a small serving bowl, mix together the honey and mustard until smooth. Set aside.nBreading: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour and 1 tablespoon salt. In a second medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and hot sauce. In a third medium bowl, mix together the cornmeal, chili powder and cayenne pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour and then into the egg mixture. Allow any excess egg mixture to drip off and coat the chicken in the cornmeal mixture. Arrange the breaded chicken in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt, to taste. Bake until golden and cooked through, about 15 to 17 minutes.nArrange the chicken on a platter and serve the honeymustard alongside., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 13 cup honey, 13 cup Dijon or wholegrain mustard, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten, 3 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 pounds chicken tenders, halved lengthwise, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt], title: Spicy Chicken Tenders with HoneyMustard, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 34377: {instructions: Combine all black cookie ingredients in a spice grinder and grind until finely ground. Combine all white cookie ingredients in a spice grinder and grind until finely ground.nTo Mix: Toss 8 cups freshly popped popcorn with 14 cup unsalted butter. Toss to coat with 14 cup black cookie topping. Toss 8 cups freshly popped popcorn with 14 cup unsalted butter. Toss to coat with 14 cup white cookie topping. Serve the 2 popcorn flavors side by side in the same serving cup., ingredients: [Black cookie topping:, 14 cup unsweetened Dutch cocoa, 14 cup sweetened ground chocolate, 14 cup superfine sugar, White cookie topping:, 14 cup powdered nonfat milk solids Terra Spices, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 14 teaspoon lemon powder Terra Spices, 2 tablespoons vanilla powder], title: Popcorn Topping: Black and White Cookie sweet, picturelink: null}, 34378: {instructions: Prepare Tyson chicken according to package directions. Place 2 slices of cheese and 3 slices of cooked bacon on top of each chicken breast heat for an additional 45 minutes until cheese melts. Set aside and keep warm.nIn a small bowl whisk together the maple syrup, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard and kosher salt. Drizzle olive oil into the bowl in a steady stream while whisking constantly until combined and appears completely smooth. In a medium bowl toss the spinach with 23 tablespoons of the maple syrup vinaigrette. Use enough to evenly coat the spinach with dressing. Set aside.nDivide the dressed spinach evenly on half of the bread slices. On the remaining 4 slices of bread drizzle with about 23 tablespoons of the maple vinaigrette. The bread should be evenly coated, but not soggy. Place each chicken breast on top of the dressed spinach leaves. Top with a few apple slices. Close each sandwich. Use remaining vinaigrette as a dipping sauce for the sandwich. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 slices peasant bread rustic country bread, sliced 14 thick, lightly toasted, 4 TYSONu00ae Chicken Breast Fillets, 1 12 cups baby spinach, washed and dried, 8 slices sharp cheddar cheese, 12 slices country bacon, cooked, 1 apple, cored and sliced very thin, about 18 thick, 3 tablespoons allnatural maple syrup, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Pinch of kosher salt], title: The Cooperstown Club, picturelink: null}, 34379: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a 4 quart saucepan. When hot, add onion, cover and simmer over low heat for about 5 minutes or until tender.nWhile this is cooking, peel the celery knob with a stainless steel knife, chop it roughly, then grate it in a food processor.nAdd celery knob to saucepan along with potato, 12 cup of water, salt and pepper. Cover and simmer over low heat for 20 to 25 minutes or until celery knob is tender.nTransfer contents of saucepan to a food mill or processor and puree with butter or cream adjust salt and pepper and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 pound celery knob, 1 medium boiling potato, peeled and diced, 14 cup or more heavy cream or 2 tablespoons butter or more to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Celery Root Puree, picturelink: null}, 34380: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, add rotini and ook for 6 to 8 minutes until tender. Drain and set aside.nIn a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt 2 tablespoons of butter and add the onions. Add the flour and pepper and mix until mixture is pasty and forms a roux. Whisk milk into pan incorporating the roux. Bring to a simmer over low heat and allow to thicken about 5 minutes. Once thickened, whisk in the cheeses. Add the pasta and mix until the pasta is well coated. Fold in spinach, sundried tomato oil, and sundried tomatoes.nIn a small saucepan, melt remaining 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Once melted, turn heat off and add bread crumbs and paprika. Mix well to combine.nPour rotini into a casserole dish large enough to hold the pasta. Sprinkle the top with bread crumbs and place in oven for 15 to 18 minutes or until brown and bubbling., ingredients: [12 pound wholewheat rotini, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons diced onions, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Pinch ground black pepper, 2 cups milk, 12 cup grated Muenster, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 12 cup baby spinach, 2 teaspoons oil, from marinated sundried tomatoes, 8 sundried tomatoes, chopped, 1 12 cups bread crumbs recommended: Panko, 1 tablespoon smoky paprika], title: WholeWheat Rotini Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 34381: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, to flavor the oil. Remove the garlic, add the bread cubes and toss to coat. Saute until golden brown on all sides, season lightly with salt. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.nHeat oil in a 4 quart pot, add the onion, celery, garlic, carrot and pancetta and cook until soft. Add the cabbage, chard, potato, water, broth, tomatoes and bouquet garni. Bring the soup to a gentle simmer and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Place half of the beans 1 12 cups in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the puree and the whole beans to the simmering soup. Simmer the soup for about 5 minutes. Add the spinach and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Ladle the soup into bowls, garnish with sauteed croutons and cheese., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 slices Italian bread, crusts removed and cut into 14inch dice, Salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, chopped, 2 large stalk celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large carrot, diced, 14 pound pancetta, thinly sliced, 12 head Savoy cabbage, finely sliced, blanched and drained, 12 bunch Swiss chard, finely sliced, 1 large waxy potato, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 cups water, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 bouquet garni rosemary sprig, 4 thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, bunch parsley, 3 cups cooked cannellini beans, 1 cup spinach leaves, coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, Grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Minestrone with Sauteed Croutons and ParmigianoReggiano, picturelink: null}, 34382: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUse a bread knife to cut a crosshatch pattern into the top of the bread, stopping short of cutting through to the bottom of the loaf so the loaf holds together.nMelt the butter in a small skillet over low heat. Add the olive oil and garlic and cook, stirring often, until very pale golden, about 4 minutes. Stir in 34 teaspoon salt and the parsley. Remove from the heat.nGently separate the cubes of bread from the top of the loaf. Spoon some of the garlic butter in the cuts and spread it over the cut surfaces use all but 2 tablespoons of the garlic butter for this. Slather the remaining garlic butter on top of the loaf. Distribute the Asiago between the cuts and on top. Wrap the loaf in foil and place it on a baking sheet.nBake the bread until heated through, about 10 minutes. Unwrap the foil and continue baking until slightly crisp on the outside, 5 to 7 minutes more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [One 8inch round loaf country or sourdough bread, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup grated Asiago cheese], title: PullApart Garlic Bread with Asiago Cheese, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 34383: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring water and sugar to a simmer. Cook until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and let cool.nIn a large pitcher, fill with ice. Stir in simple syrup, vodka, juice, lemon and lime slices.nfor kidfriendly version, omit alcohol.nSplit beans lengthwise and add to vodka bottle. Let infuse overnight in a cool dark place. Strain into another sterilized bottle., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 8 cups ice, 4 ounces vanillainfused vodka, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 lemon, sliced into rings, 1 lime, sliced into rings, 1 liter vodka, 2 vanilla beans], title: Sunnys Hard Lemonade, picturelink: Nt7g431fSEI2U2.4t1RPs5xGc9qh2o6}, 34384: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, garlic, zests, thyme, paprika, honey and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving.nPut the potatoes in a pot of cold water, add 2 tablespoons of salt and cook over medium heat until the potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool and cut each potato lengthwise into 8 slices.nHeat the grill to medium. Brush the potatoes with the oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a serving platter or bowl and serve with the mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, Meyer lemons, preferred, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 russet potatoes, scrubbed, 14 cup canola oil], title: Grilled Steak Fries with CitrusThyme Aioli, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 34385: {instructions: Cream margarine and sugar in mixer, beating well until light and fluffy. Add egg and beat well. Add vanilla until combined. In a separate bowl, sift flour, baking soda and cream of tartar three times. Add to creamed mixture. Beat until combined. Form dough into a ball, cover and chill at least one hour.nHeat oven to 350 degrees. Place a clean dishcloth on the work surface and lightly flour the cloth. Place dough on cloth and roll thin, 14 to 18 of an inch. Cut into circles or other desired shapes. Carefully transfer cookies to baking sheet. Sprinkle with sugar. Will need to bake in several batches. Bake 7 to 10 minutes or just until brown around the edges. Cool a few minutes on baking sheet, then remove to rack to cool completely., ingredients: [112 sticks margarine, softened, 112 cups confectioners sugar, 1 egg, 112 tsp. vanilla extract, 212 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 1 tsp. cream of tartar, Granulated sugar for sprinkling], title: Grandma Crissmans Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 34386: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the potatoes into nice thick handcut fry slices put in a large bowl and cover with cold water. You can do this in advance if you want  for up to 24 hours. It helps to remove the excess starch. Drain the potatoes and pat dry on paper towel. Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Drizzle with oil, sprinkle with salt, pepper, and paprika. Bake until tender and golden crispy outside, about 40 minutes. When out of the oven, hit them with some dashes of steak spice., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, scrubbed, but not peeled, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Dash smoked paprika, Dash steak spice seasoning], title: Oven Roasted Potato Fries, picturelink: null}, 34387: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nChop garlic in a food processor. Add all other ingredients excluding bread and cheese. Slice bread in 34inch slices, not all the way through, leave bottom crust connected.nSpread each side with butter spread. Place a piece of mozzarella between each slice. Brush top and side of bread with butter spread. Wrap in foil. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until cheese is melted throughout. Open foil, and brown under broiler, ingredients: [2 to 3 cloves garlic, 1 cup butter, room temperature, 1 14 tablespoons dry basil, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 loaf crusty Italian bread, 1 package sliced mozzarella], title: Spudini Bread, picturelink: null}, 34388: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and blanch until bright green, about 1 12 minutes. Remove to a large bowl of iced water. Drain then dry well.nAdd the cherry tomatoes, shallots and green beans together in a large bowl.nWhisk together the oil, vinegar and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over the veggies and toss well. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. Serve over a bed of wild arugula., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces snake beans Chinese long beans, or use green beans, ends trimmed and cut into bitesize pieces, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 12 shallot, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 big handfuls wild arugula], title: Insalata di Fagiolini Verdi: Green Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 34389: {instructions: Saute 1 chopped onion in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in 1 cup white rice and cook until toasted, 3 minutes. Add 1 23 cups water, 1 chopped plum tomato, 2 teaspoons tomato paste and 12 teaspoon each kosher salt and cumin bring to a boil. Add 1 whole jalapeno. Cover simmer 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 5 minutes. Discard the jalapeno. Top with cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Mexican Rice, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 34390: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously oil a 12cup muffin pan.nCombine the cake mix, oil, 3 of the eggs and 1 cup water until smooth divide among the muffin cups. Bake until a tester comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then cool completely on a wire rack.nMeanwhile, beat the cream cheese, butter, confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon of the vanilla and a pinch of salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer until smooth.nWhisk the milk, egg yolks, granulated sugar, remaining 5 eggs and 1 tablespoon vanilla, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl until smooth.nButter a shallow 3quart baking dish. Cut the cupcakes in quarters and scatter half over the bottom of the dish. Dollop half the frosting over the cupcakes, then pour in half the custard mixture. Repeat the layering once. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nWhen ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover the bread pudding and sprinkle the pecans on top. Bake until the top is golden brown and the center is set, about 1 hour. If the pecans start to burn, loosely tent the dish with foil. Cool completely on a wire rack., ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing pan, One 16.5ounce box red velvet cake mix, 8 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, 12 ounces cream cheese, softened, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing dish, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Fine salt, 4 cups whole milk, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup pecans], title: Red Velvet Bread Pudding, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 34391: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a 24 socket cupcake pan and line with paper liners. Set the pan aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and liqueur until blended, and set aside.nIn a large bowl of an electric stand mixer on low speed, gently combine the flour, granulated sugar, hazelnut meal, baking powder, baking soda and salt until blended. Add the butter and sour cream and beat on low speed until the dry ingredients are moistened.nIncrease the speed to medium and beat for 2 12 minutes, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. In three separate additions, add the egg mixture to the batter, beating for 30 seconds after each addition. Divide the batter evenly into the prepared cupcake liners and bake on the center rack until a cake tester inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans for 10 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool the cakes completely on wire racks, about 30 minutes.nFor the torrone filling: Mix together the butter and powdered sugar with the paddle attachment in an electric mixer. Once thoroughly combined, add the torrone paste. Continue to mix until evenly distributed.nFor the chocolate hazelnut fudge: In a food processor, place the powdered sugar, cocoa and salt. Blend to remove any lumps. Add in the butter and blend until smooth. Add the corn syrup. Process just until combined, and then scrape down the sides. Pulse. Add the chocolate hazelnut spread, and then pulse until completely combined, smooth and creamy.nTo assemble: Core each cupcake, and then fill with the torrone filling. Using a round tip and pastry bag, ice each cupcake with chocolate hazelnut fudge, creating a swirl on top., ingredients: [4 eggs, 13 cup hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico, 3 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup hazelnut meal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces butter, 1 cup sour cream, 6 ounces unsalted butter, 8 ounces powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons torroneflavored paste, 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pound 4 ounces unsalted butter, 23 cup corn syrup, 10.6 ounces chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Cupcakes, picturelink: Jab.CuZFnLYgurrK1F.en7ca6GXYElq}, 34392: {instructions: In a nonreactive bowl combine soy, honey, and wasabi powder. Reserve 14 cup for dipping sauce. Roll each piece of tuna in this mixture to coat evenly. Marinate from 1 hour to overnight. Remove the tuna from the marinade and discard the marinade.nOn a plate, lay the sesame seeds. Roll the tuna in the seeds to evenly coat.nFire up the chimney and top with a welloiled grate. Sear for 15 to 30 seconds per side or to desired temperature. Remove to rack and rest for 3 minutes. Cover with foil or plastic wrap to achieve carry over cooking. Slice thinly and serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup dark soy sauce, 12 cup honey, 14 cup dry wasabi powder, 2 pounds tuna loin, cut into 2 pieces, 12 cup sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons peanut oil], title: Chimney Tuna Loin, picturelink: CLAqCXrF8kUGWUqjY8kdJpXLFxc42fu}, 34393: {instructions: Bring 1 23 cups cream to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Remove from the heat, add the cardamom, cover and let steep 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a small pot or kettle of water to a boil. Place a folded damp kitchen towel in a 2quart baking dish arrange 8 espresso cups in the dish the towel will keep the cups from moving.nWhisk the egg yolks and salt in a bowl. Return the cream to medium heat, add the sugar and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Strain the cream into the egg yolks, whisking constantly. Stir in the espresso and vanilla until combined. Transfer to a liquid measuring cup, then divide among the espresso cups.nPlace the baking dish in the oven and pour boiling water into the dish until it reaches halfway up the outside of the espresso cups. Cover the dish tightly with foil and bake until the custard sets around the edges but still jiggles in the center, 35 to 45 minutes.nLet the custards cool in the water bath, about 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes. Cover each cup with parchment paper to absorb condensation, and then plastic wrap. Refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours.nWhip the remaining 12 cup cream and the confectioners sugar with a mixer until soft peaks form. Top each pot de creme with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with pistachios.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 23 cups plus 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup cardamom pods, cracked, 4 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, Pinch of kosher salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 tablespoons instant espresso, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 13 cup ground pistachios], title: Turkish Coffee Pots de Creme, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 34394: {instructions: Saute the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until it is crisp. Add the butter and melt. Add the onions and saute for about 3 minutes or until they are translucent. Add the red cabbage and continue to cook, stirring frequently, for another 3 minutes. Add the rest of the ingredients, except for the cornstarch and seasonings. Bring to a boil and turn the heat down to a simmer. Cover and simmer for approximately 30 minutes or until cabbage is soft and tender. Make a slurry by mixing the cornstarch with a small amount of water or chicken stock. Blend the slurry into the braising liquid and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Season, to taste,with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [4 ounces bacon, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 1 pound onions, thinly sliced, 2 pounds cabbage, shredded, 2 tart green apples, cored, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 ounces red wine vinegar, 8 ounces white chicken stock, 6 ounces dark beer, 4 ounces apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Cabbage Braised in Cider and Beer, picturelink: null}, 34395: {instructions: BEAT shortening, sugar and vanilla in large bowl with electric mixer until blended. Beat in egg yolks and orange juice. Combine flour and salt. Mix in gradually until dough is soft. Add more flour if needed. Wrap in wax paper or plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nROLL out half of chilled dough at a time to about 14inch thickness on a floured surface. Cut using a star cutter. Place on ungreased cookie sheets. Cut out centers of half the stars using a small round cutter. Repeat with remaining dough. Keep chilled until ready to use.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on cookie sheets for 1 minute. Place on cooling racks to cool completely. Spread whole stars with preserves. Place stars with centers cut out on top. Sift with powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 cups Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 3 large egg yolks, 13 cup orange juice, 4 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. salt, Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Mountain Strawberry Preserves, Powdered sugar], title: Filled Star Cookies, picturelink: CflRRANm.1mOiFnRySDiPpcRqX1KItK}, 34396: {instructions: Mix soy sauce and 1 tablespoon chili paste in a small bowl. Spread mixture over steak and let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nMicrowave the broccoli, peas, and carrots in a covered microwavesafe dish with 2 tablespoons of water for 2 minutes or until crisp tender. Rinse under cold water and drain. Mix the vegetables with the cucumbers, sesame oil, remaining chili paste, and sesame seeds. Cover and set aside.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add canola oil and heat. Then add beef and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly.nTo serve, divide the rice evenly among 6 bowls. Evenly divide vegetable mixture over rice, followed by beef, then spinach and mushrooms. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon chili garlic paste, divided, 6 ounces trimmed flank steak, thinly sliced, 12 cup broccoli florets, 12 cup sugar snap peas or snow peas, 12 cup sliced carrots, 12 cup sliced cucumbers, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 cups cooked rice, hot, 1 cup baby spinach, 1 cup thinly sliced mushrooms], title: Asian Inspired Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 34397: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook the garlic and ginger until browned. Combine the broth, soy sauce, and fish sauce, if using, to the saucepan and bring to a simmer. Add the remaining ingredients except the snow peas, scallions, and sesame oil. Simmer for 20 minutes, and then add the snow peas. Cook for just a few minutes longer, until the snow peas have softened but are still bright green. Add the scallions to the saucepan, remove from heat, and ladle into serving bowls. Drizzle a bit of sesame oil over the top of each serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 quarts reducedsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, optional, 2 portobello mushrooms, caps peeled, cleaned and thinly sliced, 5ounces cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 10 small shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and left whole, Outer leaves of 1 small Napa cabbage or 12 large cabbage, leaves roughly torn, 2 carrots, peeled, cut in 12 lengthwise then in 12 crosswise, and very thinly sliced, 2 good handfuls snow peas, 1 small bunch scallions, thinly sliced, Dark sesame oil], title: Asian Mushroom Soup, picturelink: eRfMVwRre5fPu4qLK6xMFvu4Cnpgu}, 34398: {instructions: Put the bread in a bowl and add water to cover. Let soak for 5 minutes until softened. Squeeze out the water and place the bread in a blender container or, if using a handheld blender, into a mixing bowl with the garlic. Blend until the bread and garlic are smooth.nTo seed the tomatoes: cut out the stem and core, then cut the tomatoes in half crosswise. Either spoon out the seeds or else squeeze the tomatoes through a sieve placed over a bowl. The seeds will squeeze out the juice will collect in the bowl. It is then ready to be added to the gazpacho as pulp.nAdd the tomato pulp to the bread and garlic, and puree. Add the cumin and salt and, with the motor running, add the olive oil in a slow stream. As the oil is incorporated, the gazpacho will turn from red tomatojuice to a paler, peacher color. Blend in the vinegar. Thin the gazpacho with water to the desired consistency.nPlace the blended contents in a tureen, bowl or pitcher. Chill until serving time.nPlace each of the garnishes in separate small bowls or on a divided relish dish and pass them around the table when the gazpacho is served. Each person can add their desired spoonfuls on to their gazpacho.nThis gazpacho can also be served, thinned with additional water, in tall glasses for sipping, without the garnishes., ingredients: [4 ounces day old bread, crusts removed, cut into 2 12inch cubes, 2 cloves garlic, 2 pounds ripe tomatoes, about 5 to 6 medium tomatoes, seeded, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 13 cup olive oil, preferably extravirgin, 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, 1 12 cups water, Chopped green pepper, Chopped onion, Chopped cucumber, Croutons or diced bread, toasted crisp, Chopped hard boiled egg, Chopped tomatoes], title: Gazpacho Andaluz, picturelink: null}, 34399: {instructions: Toss shrimp, carrots, peas, corn, and 3 tablespoons vinaigrette in a medium bowl to coat. Season shrimp salad, to taste, with salt and pepper. Place 1 avocado half on each of 2 plates. Divide shrimp salad on top of avocado halves. Drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon of vinaigrette over avocado halves and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh bay shrimp, 1 cup shredded carrots, rinsed and drained, 12 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 12 cup frozen cut corn kernels, thawed, 4 tablespoons favorite vinaigrette recommended: Champagne vinaigrette, Salt and pepper, 1 ripe avocado, halved and pitted], title: Bay Shrimp and Avocado Salad, picturelink: dVdi9qqOI5HHGTm8HzquCjIsG4WvaYW}, 34400: {instructions: Bring the vinegar, sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, the bay leaves, fennel seeds, red pepper flakes and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the cauliflower, fennel, red onion, carrots and garlic. Reduce the heat and simmer until the vegetables are crisptender, 8 to 10 minutes. Let the vegetables cool in the brine, then refrigerate until chilled. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 cups white wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 head cauliflower, cut into small florets, 1 small bulb fennel, cored and sliced, plus 14 cup chopped fennel fronds, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 small carrots, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed], title: Giardiniera, picturelink: null}, 34401: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heatnSeason chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place in the skillet and sear about 2 minutes per side.nPlace pinto beans in the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker.nRemove chicken from skillet and place the in the slow cooker on top of the beans. Pour the tomatoes over the chicken and beans and sprinkle with fajita seasoning. Cover and cook on LOW setting for 3 to 4 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place in the skillet and sear about 2 minutes per side. Place pinto beans in the bottom of a 9 by 13inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, stir together diced tomatoes and fajita seasoning. Remove chicken from skillet and place in the baking dish on top of beans. Pour the tomato mixture over the chicken and beans. Cover with foil and bake for 25 minutes or until the chicken is tender.nStove top instructions:., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and pepper, 2 16ounce cans pinto beans, undrained recommended: Bushs, 2 10ounce cans Mexican diced tomatoes recommended: RoTel, 1 tablespoon lowsodium fajita seasoning recommended: The Spice Hunter], title: Mexajita Chicken, picturelink: aumgKtWiotOJPb.VVoEj5SL.CYJnK2}, 34402: {instructions: In a small bowl, soak the dried mushrooms in 14 cup of hot water for 30 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the soaking liquid and coarsely chop. Strain and reserve the liquid.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, and shallots, and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, porcini, rosemary, and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the wine and the reserved mushroom liquid and simmer until the liquid is reduced by about half. Add the tomatoes and a 12 teaspoon of the salt. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes. In a large skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and butter over high heat. When the foam begins to subside, add the mushrooms. Lower the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and season with pepper to taste. Add the mushrooms to the tomato sauce and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve as is, or with pasta, polenta, or toasted bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dried porcini mushrooms, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small carrot, diced, 12 celery stalk, diced, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 14 cup dry red wine, 2 cups crushed canned tomatoes with juice about one 28ounce can, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 pound assorted mushrooms, such as cremini, shittake, button, and portobello, trimmed and cut into 13inchthick slices, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: pasta like penne or fusilli, polenta, or with toasted bread.], title: Mushroom Ragout, picturelink: null}, 34403: {instructions: In a saucepan of actively boiling lightly salted water, blanch the potatoes for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the tines of a fork will just pierce the surface. Drain and, when cool enough to handle, cut them in half and score the cut side of each with the tines of a fork.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees and heat a large castiron skillet over medium heat.nIn a bowl, combine the potatoes with the olive oil, oregano, salt, and pepper and toss together until evenly coated. Transfer the potatoes to the hot skillet and spread them out into an even layer so they are hardly touching each other. Heat until sizzling, then transfer the skillet to the hot oven. Toast, turning over every 10 minutes, for about 30 minutes, until very crisp and golden.nWhile the potatoes are roasting, heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons water. Cook the sausages for about 20 minutes, turning occasionally and pouring off the fat as it accumulates. Drain the sausages briefly on a double thickness of paper towels and slice them 34 thick.nPlace a slice of sausage on top of each roasted potato half and secure with a toothpick. Assemble the hors doeuvres on a platter and squeeze a little lime juice over them. Serve, accompanied by Avocado Salsa., ingredients: [2 12 pounds baby red potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound chorizo, 1 lime, quartered, 1 recipe Avocado Salsa], title: 2Step PotatoChorizo Hors dOeuvres, picturelink: null}, 34404: {instructions: Special equipment: Large ring mold or 10inch Bundt pannPlace the lime and orange slices in a large ring mold, layering the slices alternately and sprinkling the cranberries in between each layer. Mix together 34 cup each cranberry juice, orange juice and water. Pour the juice mix over the sliced fruit. Freeze until firm, about 6 hours.nMix the remaining cranberry and orange juices with the vodka and orange liqueur in a punch bowl. Just before serving add the ginger ale. Unmold the ice ring and float in the punch. Serve over ice in rocks glasses., ingredients: [2 limes, sliced, 2 oranges, sliced, 12 cup whole fresh cranberries, Two 60ounce bottles cranberry juice, 2 cups orange juice, 4 cups vodka, 2 cups triple sec, such as Cointreau, One 2liter bottle ginger ale], title: Cosmopolitan FizzPunch, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 34405: {instructions: Separate a can of refrigerated breadstick dough into sticks. Flatten the breadsticks and cut each lengthwise into 2 or 3 thin strips. To make the brooms, snip the bottom inch with scissors and twist the rest to form a handle. To make the wands, dip the dough tips in beaten egg and paprika, then twist. Place the broomsticks and wands on a parchmentlined baking sheet, brush with egg and sprinkle with grated parmesan. Bake at 375 degrees F until golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Broomsticks and Wands, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 34406: {instructions: Put all the ingredients into a bowl and whisk until well blended. Refrigerate until ready to serve. May be made 2 days in advance., ingredients: [12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon horseradish, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Lemon Dill Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: wUMjKzeCX9KZxBCUXCO3VL2MMBKN7a}, 34407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBeat the milk, eggs and egg whites in a large bowl set aside. Cook the bacon in a large ovensafe nonstick skillet over medium heat for about 2 minutes. Add the kale and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Add the egg mixture to the pan and scramble gently as the eggs begin to set. Sprinkle with the cheese.nTransfer the pan to the oven and cook until the eggs are set and the cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before cutting into wedges. Top with the tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [14 cup 1percent milk, 4 large eggs, 4 large egg whites, 4 slices bacon, chopped 4 ounces, 2 cups finely chopped kale, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup shredded Jarlsberg Lite cheese, 14 cup chopped tomatoes], title: Kale and Bacon Frittata, picturelink: null}, 34408: {instructions: Special equipment: three 6cup nonstick doughnut pansnFor the doughnuts: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nBeat the pumpkin puree, sugar, vegetable oil, butter, vanilla and eggs and together in another large bowl until smooth.nAdd the flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture and beat until just combined.nFill three 6cup nonstick doughnut pans with the batter so that each mold is almost full. Smooth the tops with a moistened finger.nBake the doughnuts until a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Invert the doughnuts onto a cooling rack.nFor the topping: Stir the sugar and cinnamon together in a shallow bowl. Working one at a time, brush the doughnuts all over with butter, then dip them in the cinnamon sugar to coat. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, One 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Baked Pumpkin Doughnuts, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 34409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the chicken: Using a knife, butterfly the chicken and pound thin between 2 layers of plastic wrap. Transfer the chicken to a shallow dish, drizzle with olive oil, and sprinkle with the rosemary. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 2 days. When ready to cook, preheat a grill. Grill the chicken, turning once, until just cooked through.nMake the tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nUsing a small knife, score the ends of the tomatoes, drop them in a pot of boiling water, and cook briefly, about 20 seconds. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the tomatoes to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Peel off the tomato skins and cut the tomatoes in 12 lengthwise. In a small bowl, toss the tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the tomatoes on a baking sheet, cutside up, and bake until lightly browned and somewhat dried, about 3 hours.nMake the sandwiches: Preheat an electric sandwich press or grill. Layer the chicken, tomato, and mozzarella between the bread, sprinkle with rosemary and season with salt and pepper. Put the sandwiches in the press and cook until hot and crispy., ingredients: [1 whole boneless, skinless chicken breast, Olive oil, as needed, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 8 plum tomatoes, cored, Olive oil, as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 6inch loaves ciabatta bread, or your favorite long and crusty bread, halved lengthwise, About 6 14inch thick slices mozzarella, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Breast, Dried Tomato and Mozzarella Panini, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 34410: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients for the crepe recipe, excluding the oil, in a bowl and whisk until smooth. The batter should be the consistency of heavy cream. Adjust with flour or water. Let the batter rest for 30 minutes before making crepes. Coat a crepe pan or saute pan with oil. Add enough batter to cover the bottom of the pan. Cook until the edges begin to curl and flip over for a few seconds to cook the other side. Remove to a plate and continue with remaining batter.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Saute the leeks in butter until translucent and cool in the refrigerator. Place the chicken in a food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer the chicken mixture to a bowl and fold in the remaining ingredients.nPlace about 1 tablespoon of chicken mixture in the middle of a crepe pull the edges up to form a beggars purse and tie with chive that has been blanched for 20 seconds in boiling water. Place the purses on a sheetpan and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for approximately 5 minutes or until cooked through., ingredients: [3 eggs, 10 ounces milk, 1ounce butter, melted, 4 ounces flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, Vegetable oil, as needed, 2 tablespoons leeks, diced small, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 chicken cutlet, diced, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste, 20 chives, for purses], title: Chicken and Leek Beggars Purses, picturelink: null}, 34411: {instructions: In a saute pan on medium, melt the butter then stir in the sugar. Simmer, stirring occasionally until it begins to turn golden brown and caramelized. Add brandy and lemon juice to the pan and simmer to incorporate. Peel, half and core apples. Place apples in caramel and cook slowly to caramelize and tenderize. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter [or margarine], 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 4 Granny Smith apples], title: Confit of Apples, picturelink: null}, 34412: {instructions: Carefully wash the arugula in several changes of water, being aware of the dense sand usually found on this green. Trim off and remove the stems. Dry the leaves in a salad spinner.nSlice the smoked mozzarella into thin 18 inch slices. Slice the tomatoes as neatly and evenly as the cheese, 18 inch thick.nBrush the bread with 2 tablespoons extra virgin oil and grill or toast under a broiler until crisp and golden. Encircle the outside edge of a serving platter with the crostini. Lay the clean arugula out in the center of the platter as a base for the salad.nCombine the vinegar with the mustard in a small stainless steel bowl. Whisk together briskly while drizzling in the olive oil. Add the diced onion and combine.nCarefully layer the slices of mozzarella, tomato, prosciutto and basil leaves around the greens. Drizzle vinaigrette over and around, sprinkle pine nuts and serve., ingredients: [1 pound arugula, 1 pound smoked mozzarella, 1 12 pounds ripe heirloom tomatoes of different colors and shapes, 1 loaf countrystyle bread boule, sliced, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 small red Bermuda onion, finely diced, 14 cup, 12 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, Basil leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts], title: Ripe Tomato Salad with Smoked Mozzarella and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 34413: {instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients in a small bowl. Sprinkle chicken with seasoning blend or salt and pepper. Coat chicken in dressing and set aside for 10 minutes.nGrill chicken on an indoor electric grill 6 to 7 minutes on each side or pan fry over medium high heat in a large nonstick skillet uncovered 6 minutes per side.nSlice chicken breasts on an angle and pile meat roll bottoms. Top with lettuce, tomato, red onion and sliced avocado. Spread salsa on roll tops as a condiment. Serve sandwiches with Five Vegetable Slaw Salad and assorted tortilla chips.nCombine vegetables in a bowl. In another small bowl, whisk lime juice and honey, and drizzle in oil to combine dressing. Pour dressing over slaw and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 rounded teaspoon cumin, A handful cilantro, finely chopped, about 12 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, canola, or corn oil, Four 6 to 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breast, 1 teaspoon grill seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper, Toppings: lettuce, tomato, red onion, and sliced avocado, 1 cup prepared salsa verde, 4 crusty rolls, split, Five Vegetable Slaw Salad, recipe follows, Assorted tortilla chips, for serving, 1 pound packaged shredded cabbage, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and cut across into thin slices, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and cut across into thin slices, 4 scallions, sliced thinly on an angle greens and whites, 12 European seedless cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 4 cup 3 healthy drizzles honey, 3 tablespoons a couple of glugs vegetable or light colored oil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Honey Lime Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 34414: {instructions: Cut pocket lengthwise in side of tenderloin, leaving 12inch uncut at each end. Place marrow into hot pan and add spring onions. Fry gently and add mushrooms. Add wine, rosemary, and salt and pepper. Scrape mixture to one side of pan so it cooks indirectly over the heat.nPreheat broiler. Stuff pocket of meat with mushroomonion mixture. Tie meat at each end to secure filling and season with salt and pepper. Brush roasting rack with butter and place meat on rack, basting with more butter. Broil 2 inches from heat, 5 minutes on each side, basting frequently. Cut into 12inch thick slices. Smooth over with anchovy butter.nPlace butter, anchovy paste and parsley on a board and work together into a smooth paste., ingredients: [1 pound center cut beef tenderloin, 4 slices beef marrow, 4 scallions, finely sliced, 1 large mushroom, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons dry red wine, 1 teaspoon rosemary, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, Clarified butter, Anchovy Butter, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Chateaubriand Henri Iv, picturelink: null}, 34415: {instructions: Combine nuts, sugar, flour, baking powder, salt and cinnamon in a large bowl, and set aside. In another bowl combine milk, squash, egg yolks and oil. With a large wooden spoon, stir the dry mixture into the squash mix and set aside. Beat the egg whites in a bowl until stiff peaks form. Use a copper bowl for best results. Gently fold the stiff whites into the squash mixture. Heat up you skillet, and pour about 14 cup batter per pancake. Cook until surface is bubbly and edges are slightly dry and flip. Cook until golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup ground nuts or walnuts, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup milk you can use nonfat or 2 percent, 12 cup steamed and mashed winter squash about 12 pound uncooked. I love sweet dumpling, 2 slightly beaten egg yolks, 1 tablespoon cooking oil, 2 egg whites], title: Harvest Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 34416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray an 8inch square cake pan with nonstick spray.nAdd the cereal to a large heatproof bowl and set aside.nAdd the butter to a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Once melted, stir in the brown sugar, heavy whipping cream and corn syrup. Cook until thick and syrupy while stirring frequently, about 7 minutes. Stir in the salt. Turn off the heat and stir in the marshmallows. Keep stirring until the marshmallows are smooth and melted.nQuickly pour the caramel marshmallow sauce over the cereal and stir all together. Pour into the prepared pan and press down with a piece of parchment paper sprayed with nonstick spray. Sprinkle lightly with flaky sea salt.nCool completely, and then cut into squares., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 6 cups crispy rice cereal about half a 12ounce box, such as Rice Crispies, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, plus more for sprinkling, One 10ounce bag mini marshmallows], title: Salted Caramel Crispy Treats, picturelink: 7uORYXSobU2CE5zZmUHPan1rfnni.}, 34417: {instructions: In a skillet, saute the onion in the olive oil until it is brown. Add the butter and lower the heat. As the butter melts, add the flour, stirring constantly to keep it from burning. After the flour browns, add the stock and stir until the gravy thickens. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium onion, finely sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 2 ounces stick butter, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 cup vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.], title: Golden Gravy, picturelink: null}, 34418: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the sour cream, hot sauce, milk and cream cheese in a food processor and process until smooth. Toss the chicken and hot sauce mixture together in a bowl and spread with a spatula in the bottom of a glass 8inch square baking dish. Cover the baking dish with foil and bake until warmed through, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add the bacon and cook over medium heat, turning a few times, until evenly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate to drain let cool, then crumble.nLet the baking dish sit at room temperature, 10 minutes. Uncover the baking dish and scatter over the celery, then the lettuce, then the carrots. Drizzle with the blue cheese dressing and sprinkle with the bacon and scallions. Serve with the tortilla chips., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mild hot sauce, such as Franks, 2 tablespoons whole milk, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup chopped chicken from about 12 rotisserie chicken, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces bacon about 9 slices, 3 stalks celery, finely diced about 1 cup, 1 12 cups shredded iceberg lettuce from about 14 head, 2 medium carrots, shredded about 1 cup, 12 cup storebought blue cheese dressing, 2 scallions, thinly sliced about 14 cup, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Layered Buffalo Chicken Dip, picturelink: rbN8jOakino5dw0cKOS3SgUGOhA2pUm}, 34419: {instructions: Mix egg yolks, eggs and 6 ounces of sugar until combined. Heat the cream to scalding, add ginger and gradually pour into egg mixture, stirring constantly. Add vanilla and salt.nUsing creme brulee molds or another baking ramekin evenly distribute mixture. Place in a shallow baking dish and fill dish half way up with water, creating a water bath.nBake at 350 degrees F for approximately 30 minutes or until set. Sprinkle granulated sugar on top of molds after they have cooled. Place molds under broiler to caramelize sugar. Garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [8 egg yolks, 4 eggs, 6 ounces granulated or brown sugar, 1 quart heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 tablespoons fresh grated ginger and any juice, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Ginger Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 34420: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons butter. Saute onion for about 5 minutes or until tender. Add the mushrooms and saute for another 5 minutes or until tender. If they give off a lot of water, then reduce over high heat until mushrooms are dry.nAdd the garlic, rosemary and bread crumbs and remove from heat. Season with olives, parsley and then with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup finely minced onion, 14 pound finely chopped mushrooms, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, 1 cup soft bread crumbs, 12 cup pitted Nicoise olives, 14 cup minced parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Stuffing for Sunday StartUp Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 34421: {instructions: Place the chopped peaches in a bowl or mason jar and set aside.nIn a saucepan, combine the sugar and 2 cups of water. Stir to combine. Turn the heat to medium high and boil until the syrup becomes thicker but is not yet starting to turn color, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour the syrup over the chopped peaches. Allow to sit at room temperature for 1 hour or you can chill in the fridge.nTo serve, spoon the peach syrup over the vanilla ice cream and sprinkle with the basil., ingredients: [2 peaches, pitted and chopped, 2 cups sugar, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, 12 whole basil leaves, cut into a chiffonade], title: Vanilla Ice Cream with Peach Syrup, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 34422: {instructions: 1. Place peach and peach schnapps into the Vitamix container and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10.n4. Blend for 30 seconds or until smooth. Pour into tall fluted glasses and add chilled Champagne. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large peach, halved, pitted, 1 ounce 30 ml peach schnapps, 4 to 6 ounce 120180 ml Champagne, chilled], title: Vitamix Bellini, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 34423: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine tomatoes, olives, onion, parsley, tarragon and extravirgin olive oil in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nCombine the garlic and the olive oil in a small bowl. Brush both sides of the halibut with the oil and let marinate for 15 minutes.nHeat the grill to high.nSeason the halibut with salt and pepper, to taste, on both sides and grill until slightly charred and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the grill to a platter. Garnish with tarragon and serve immediately with the tomato relish on the side., ingredients: [12 pint red pear tomatoes, halved, 12 pint yellow pear tomatoes, halved, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 12 small red onion, diced, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus 2 tablespoons, for garnish, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, crushed to a paste, 14 cup olive oil, 4 8ounce halibut fillets], title: Halibut with Charred Garlic Oil and Tomato Relish, picturelink: SQuGQbhbIrxzXejydrelJzcXZUtSMYG}, 34424: {instructions: Whisk 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon hazelnut oil and 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large bowl. Add 1 pint halved cherry tomatoes, 3 chopped endives and 4 chopped cucumbers season with salt and pepper and toss. Top with chopped toasted hazelnuts.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: EndiveTomato Salad, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 34425: {instructions: Add all ingredients to blender. Blend until smooth. If youd like an iced smoothie, blend and then add ice to desired consistency., ingredients: [12 cup soy milk or other milk, 12 cup white grape juice, 1 cup strawberries, stemmed, 12 cup pineapple chunks, 12 lemon, squeezed for tartness if desired, 14 teaspoon Vitamin C powder 1 capsule, Pinch salt, preferable grey salt, Small handful fresh seedless grapes], title: Fresh Fruit Smoothie, picturelink: 2dTUxg7nhUUwtnJR9kmS4m6T1CbbI1S}, 34426: {instructions: Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and bell pepper and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in potatoes and cook until golden brown. Add cooked leftover meat and toss to coat.nIn a mixing bowl beat together the eggs and cream and season with salt and pepper. Pour egg mixture into skillet and stir in chopped herbs. Top with grated cheese and brown under broiler for about 23 minutes until the frittata puffs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 12 red or green bell pepper, chopped, 1 cup boiled potatoes, chopped, 12 cup leftover cooked chopped ham, chicken, turkey or sausage, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup cream, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, basil or cilantro, 12 cup grated cheddar, Monterey jack or mozzarella], title: Frittata, picturelink: null}, 34427: {instructions: Core the tomato, roughly chop, and toss in a small bowl with the olive oil. Season with salt set aside.nBring the water and cream to a boil in a medium heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and salt, to taste. Stir to melt the butter. Whisking constantly, add the polenta in a slow steady stream. Continue to whisk until all of the lumps have disappeared. Reduce the heat to low and gently simmer, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the polenta is thick and creamy, about 20 minutes.nFold in the corn, herbs, and the ParmigianoReggiano. Divide the mixture between 2 heated bowls. Top with the tomatoes and any accumulated juices. Tear the basil leaves into small pieces and sprinkle over serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ripe tomato, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt, 2 cups water, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup polenta medium grind, 34 cup fresh cooked corn kernels, 13 cup loosely packed fresh mixed herbs, such as parsley, thyme, chives, and basil, coarsely chopped, 13 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 large fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Double Corn Polenta, picturelink: null}, 34428: {instructions: In a medium heavy saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic, ginger, and red pepper and saute, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the white wine and reduce by about 13. Add the chicken stock cornstarch mixture and continue cooking, stirring all the time, until thickened. Add the soy sauce, pepper, and black beans and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pan and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thick and chunky.nWhile the beans are cooking, fill a large saucepan halfway up with lightly salted water. Bring it to a boil over high heat and add the shrimp. Bring back to the boil and cook for 5 minutes, then drain well. Immediately spoon a layer of the black bean mixture onto each of 6 heated plates. Scatter the shrimp over the beans and top with a generous mound of spring onions and sprigs of cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 large red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, mixed with 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cooked black beans, 2 12 pounds large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 10 green onions, trimmed and sliced thinly on the diagonal, 12 small bunch cilantro, coarse stems removed], title: Shrimp with Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34429: {instructions: Combine the carrots, celery, parsnips, onions and garlic in a 6quart slow cooker. Sprinkle the beef on both sides with salt and pepper. Place on top of the vegetables. Add the wine, chicken broth, crushed tomatoes, thyme and bay leaf. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover with the lid and cook on high for 6 hours, until the meat is tender.nCarefully remove the roast to a cutting board. Skim off any fat from the surface of the cooking liquid and remove the bay leaf. Transfer half of the vegetables and liquid to a blender and puree until smooth stir back into the liquid and vegetables in the slow cooker to make a sauce. Slice the roast against the grain into 12inch pieces. Serve the beef ladled with the sauce and vegetables., ingredients: [3 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 2 medium parsnips, roughly chopped, 2 medium yellow onions, roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, One 3pound lean beef round, trimmed of all visible fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves plucked, 1 bay leaf], title: Leaner Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 34430: {instructions: In a small saute pan, melt butter. Saute the scallion and basil for 1 minute. Add the radishes, and vegetable stock to cover. Bring the stock to a simmer and cook until radishes are tender, about 4 minutes. Remove the radishes and reduce the cooking liquid 50 percent. Salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle liquid over radishes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 scallion, diced, 1 teaspoon basil, chopped, 10 large radishes, scrubbed and halved, 2 to 3 cups vegetable stock, as needed, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Braised Red Radishes, picturelink: null}, 34431: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the mayonnaise, herbs and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Spread 12 tablespoon of the herbed mayonnaise on each slice of bread transfer to a baking sheet. Broil until the bread is lightly toasted, about 2 minutes.nWhisk the vinegar into the remaining herbed mayonnaise. Add the lettuce, cucumber, chickpeas, tomatoes, celery, pickles and tuna and toss to combine season with salt and pepper. Divide among plates and serve with the toast.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 cup chopped fresh basil andor chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 thick slices crusty bread, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 head romaine lettuce, shredded, 1 English cucumber, chopped, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped pickles or cornichons, 2 5ounce cans solid white tuna in water, drained], title: Tuna Salad with Herb Toast, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 34432: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine lemon juice, olive oil, paprika, and salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh, using mesquite wood. Brush the fish generously with the lemon juice mixture and place fish on the grill, skin side down. Grill for 8 to 10 minutes and then brush with more of the lemon juice mixture. Flip fish and continue cooking until fish is opaque and a knife slides in easily.nRemove fish from heat and serve with fresh vegetables and a starch of choice., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Dash paprika, Salt, Black pepper, 4 petrale fillets, with skin on], title: Petrale, picturelink: null}, 34433: {instructions: Heat a griddle or large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Put butter on griddle to melt do not use all of the butter if doing this in batches, then place bread on griddle, sprinkle with cinnamon sugar mixture, and flip cook for a few seconds so cinnamon sugar adheres. Flip bread back over and spread with chocolate hazelnut spread. Arrange sliced bananas on top and then sprinkle with hazelnuts. Cook until just melted and then combine the slices to make 4 sandwiches. Serve warm with whole strawberries on the side., ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 12inch thick slices Pullman bread or pain de mie, 14 cup sugar mixed together with 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 jar chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 2 ripe bananas, sliced 14inch thick, 14 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted, Whole strawberries, for serving], title: Nutella and Banana Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 34434: {instructions: Preheat a large skillet or comal or griddle on mediumhigh heat and coat with lard or grapeseed oil.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the masa harina, eggs and milk. Fold in the whites, butter, and scallions. Fold in the kernels and shrimp. Ladle about 4 ounces of batter into the hot oil. Brown on both sides, about 3 minutes a side. Drain on paper towels and season lightly with salt and pepper.nPlating: On a large plate, spread some mole. Top with pancakes, garnish with a dollop of huitlacoche butter.nMix all together in a bowl and keep in the refrigerator.nIn a dry saucepan, toast the almonds, sesame seeds, 5spice, cinnamon, and tea until slightly smoking. Add the onions, garlic, and ginger and saute for 1 minute. Add the chiles and 12 of the soaking liquid. Add the mango and Shoaxing wine. Add stock and simmer 5 to10 minutes until slightly reduced, and all alcohol is burned off. Add chocolate and heat several more minutes. Transfer to a blender and blend at high speed. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [Lard or grapeseed oil, to cook, 1 cup masa harina, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup milk, 3 egg whites, whipped to soft peak, 14 cup melted butter, 14 cup sliced scallions, 1 cup corn kernels taken off a cob that has been dry roasted with the husk on until blackened, 1 pound shrimp shelled, deveined, and cut into 14 inch dice, Salt and black pepper, Huitlacoche butter, recipe follows, Mings Mole sauce, recipe follows, 14 pound butter, softened, 12 cup huitlacoche, removed from corn and Sauteed until just tender, 1 lime, juiced, Salt, Black pepper, 14 cup whole almonds, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon Chinese 5spice powder, 1 teaspoon Mexican cinnamon, 12 tablespoon jasmine tea leaves, 1 onion, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, 2 pieces ginger, thin sliced, 2 ancho chiles, toasted briefly and soaked in 1 cup warm water for 15 minutes, 2 pasilla chiles toasted briefly and soaked in 1 cup warm water for 15 minutes, 1 small mango, peeled and chopped, 14 cup Shaoxing rice wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 ounce Mexican chocolate 14 tablet], title: Corn and Shrimp Pancakes Topped with Huitlacoche Butter and Mings Mole Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34435: {instructions: Place flour in bowl and add egg and egg yolk. Whisk in milk. Beat until it is a thin cream and set aside for 4 hours.nMelt jelly over low heat. Mix port and gelatin in a separate bowl and add to jelly. Remove from heat and cool.nMelt butter in crepe pan on mediumhigh heat and add this to the pancake batter. Whisk thoroughly. Pour a thin layer of batter into pan and let cook until top layer becomes waxy. When pancake is lightly browned on bottom, flip it to cook other side. Transfer to a warm plate, second cooked side up, and repeat with remaining batter. Top crepes with 1 tablespoon of jelly filling. Roll up and dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 ounces flour, sifted, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 18 cups milk, 2 tablespoons red currant jelly, 14 cup port wine, 12 packet 1 teaspoon gelatine, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 2 teaspoons powdered sugar], title: Crepes a la Gelee, picturelink: null}, 34436: {instructions: Rub the inside of a saucepan with a garlic clove leave the garlic in the pan. Add 1 cup dry white wine and 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons lemon juice bring to a simmer over medium heat. Toss 1 pound shredded gruyere or other melting cheese see below with 2 tablespoons flour or cornstarch gradually add the cheese to the pan, stirring until melted before adding more. Discard the garlic and season the fondue with nutmeg and cayenne pepper. Transfer to a fondue pot or a slow cooker set to low. Serve with bread or other dippers.nBig Dippers :nRoasted Brussels sproutsnMini meatballsnGrilled polentanProsciutto or other cured meatnFrench friesnChoice Cheese:nThese are ideal for fondue. Use one or a combo.nBrie remove the rindnManchegonCheddarnFontinanSwiss or EmmentalernGouda young or agednPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Fondue, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 34437: {instructions: Preheat vegetable oil in a deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nSlice the onions into 34inch rings and separate. Add the buttermilk, hot sauce, and egg to a large casserole dish and whisk to combine. Stir in the onion slices and allow to soak for 3 to 5 minutes. Put the flour and cornmeal in a large brown paper bag and season with the season salt and cayenne. Add the onion rings, to the paper bag in batches, and shake until they are covered with the flour mixture. Make sure to get rid of the excess buttermilk before adding to the bag.nAdd the onions in batches to the hot oil, being careful not to overcrowd the fryer. Fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and season with salt when they come out of the hot oil., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for deepfrying, 2 medium Vidalia onions, 2 cups buttermilk, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt], title: Pats Old School Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 34438: {instructions: Place the milk and heavy cream into a medium saucepan and set over medium heat. Bring the mixture just to a simmer, stirring occasionally, and remove from heat.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks until they lighten in color. Gradually add the sugar and whisk to combine. Add the oil and whisk thoroughly. Temper the cream mixture into the egg mixture by whisking in small amounts, approximately 1 tablespoon at a time, until about a 13 of the cream mixture has been added. Pour in the remainder of the cream and stir to combine. Return the mixture to the saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens slightly and reaches 170 to 175 degrees F, approximately 5 to 7 minutes. Strain the mixture through a fine mesh strainer into a container and place in the refrigerator uncovered. Allow to sit uncovered until it is cool enough not to form condensation on the lid. Cover and store for 4 hours, up to overnight, or until the temperature reaches 40 degrees or below.nPour into an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers directions, approximately 25 to 35 minutes. Serve as is for soft serve or freeze for another 3 to 4 hours to allow ice cream to harden. If freezing longer than 4 hours, remove from the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 large egg yolks, 9 ounces granulated sugar, 12 cup coldpressed fruit or nut oil, hazelnut, olive, walnut, pistachio, etc.], title: Fruity Oil Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 34439: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Combine the bourbon, milk and vanilla in a separate bowl it may get clumpy lookingthats ok and set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and coconut oil until fluffy, about 1 minute. Add 1 34 cups of the granulated sugar and beat until fluffy, about 1 more minute. Add the egg yolks one at a time, mixing well between additions. Add the dry ingredients in four batches, alternating with the wet mixture, starting and ending with the dry. Stir in the pecans.nIn a stand mixer with a whisk attachment and a clean bowl, whip the egg whites with the cream of tartar on medium until soft peaks form. Sprinkle in the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and whip to stiff peaks, about 5 minutes total. Fold the egg whites into the batter in thirds.nPour into a bundt pan and bake until a cake tester comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Let cool before turning the cake out of the pan.nFor the glaze: In a medium bowl, combine the confectioners sugar, bourbon and 2 tablespoons water. Once the cake is cool, top it with the glaze and sprinkle with the chopped pecans., ingredients: [2 23 cups cake flour, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup bourbon, 12 cup milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 12 cup coconut oil, 2 cups granulated sugar, 4 eggs, separated, 34 cup pecans, chopped and toasted, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 14 cup pecans, chopped and toasted], title: Bourbon Pecan Cake, picturelink: fKY49Y3XBsb1lrAxie9Hbrn1JEWHCS}, 34440: {instructions: Heat grill. Mix venison, pork, salt, pepper, mushrooms and apples, and form into 16 small patties. Grill to medium doneness and crumble blue cheese on top. Serve on potato rolls., ingredients: [12 pound ground venison, 12 pound ground pork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped white mushrooms about 3 ounces of mushrooms, 1 cup chopped apples about 2 apples, 2 ounces blue cheese or your choice of cheese, 16 minipotato rolls the dinnerroll size], title: MiniVenison Burgers, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 34441: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Place pineapple on a silpat a French nonstick baking mat or parchment lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with 13 cup sugar and bake, checking every 30 minutes, until juices become syrupy, about 2 hours. Set aside.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan bring 4 cups cream and rum to a gentle boil. Add pineapple, and remove from heat. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk yolks and remaining 1 cup sugar until pale and thickened, about 2 minutes. Place cream mixture over medium heat and bring just to a boil. Whisking constantly, add about 12 cup cream mixture to lightened yolks. Return to saucepan and continue to whisk until thickened, about 3 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the remaining 1 cup cream until soft peaks form. Gently fold into cooled yolk mixture. Transfer to an ice cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 13 cups sugar, 5 cups heavy cream, 4 tablespoons dark rum, 8 large egg yolks], title: Roasted Pineapple Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 34442: {instructions: Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Add ghee and enough water until a nice soft dough forms not too dry. Allow to rest for 10 minutes and cut dough into 8 or 10 parts and form balls. Again, let dough rest for 2 minutes.nMake a well in the center of a ball, put 3 to 4 teaspoons of filling in the whole, and pinch, closing the well. Repeat with rest of the balls. Tuck extra dough under, put on floured board, and roll out into 8 to 10inch disks. Brush top with melted ghee or vegetable oil.nHeat a griddle to a medium heat and brush with ghee or vegetable oil. Cook dough on 1 side for about 2 minutes, brush top with ghee or vegetable oil and flip disk to cook the other side for about 1 minute. Serve warm.nPut butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan and into a preheated 300 degree F oven for 1 12 to 2 hours. Skim foam from top and pour the liquid into a glass jar, leaving behind any milk solids on the bottom of the pot. This is good for 6 months kept in the refrigerator.nIn a skillet over medium heat, melt ghee. Add garlic and saute 1 minute then add saffron, cumin and saute 1 minute more. Add chickpeas, water and a pinch of salt. Allow all to simmer until water has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cool and puree in food processor., ingredients: [3 13 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons ghee, recipe follows, or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Water, Chickpea Filling, recipe follows, 1 pound unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 1 12 tablespoons ghee or vegetable oil, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, Pinch saffron, 1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 2 cups chickpeas, cooked, 12 cup water, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roti, picturelink: null}, 34443: {instructions: Place sesame seeds in a small frying pan over medium heat cook, shaking pan frequently, until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Immediately remove from pan to cool. Combine meatball ingredients in a medium bowl mix well. Shape mixture into 1inch diameter balls. Combine glaze ingredients in a small bowl. Place a wide nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add oil, swirling to coat sides. Add meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides and meat is no longer pink in center, 6 to 8 minutes cut to test. Drain oil from pan. Pour glazing mixture over meatballs cook over high heat until meatballs are nicely glazed, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and sprinkle with sesame seeds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 pound ground beef, 6 ounces Chinese sausageLop Cheong, coarsely chopped, 13 cup finely chopped jicama, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon shredded tangerine peel, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cooking oil], title: Four Happiness Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 34444: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCover potatoes with water and bring the water to a boil. Salt the water and simmer potatoes 10 to 12 minutes, until just tender. Drain potatoes and return to warm pot to dry the potatoes. Drizzle potatoes with a little oil to keep them from discoloring and to shine them up.nFill a second skillet or saucepan with 2 inches of water. Cover and bring the water to a boil on the stovetop. Salt the water, replace the cover and reduce heat to simmer.nTo a heavy saucepan over moderate heat, add 1 tablespoon oil and the chopped shallots. Saute shallots for 2 or 3 minutes, then add sherry and allow it to almost evaporate, a minute or two. Add halfandhalf to the pan and reduce heat to low. Cut cream cheese into 1inch slices and add it to the pot. Allow the cream cheese to slowly melt into the halfandhalf, 5 minutes. Add Parmesan and shredded Gruyere or Swiss to the sauce and stir until cheese is melted and fully incorporated. Stir in lemon juice. Season sauce with, nutmeg and black pepper. Place a candle underneath a wire rack or warm a fondue pot. Transfer cheese sauce to fondue pot or place saucepan over wire rack and burning candle.nTo simmering, salted water, add broccoli and cook florets, covered, 3 minutes. Remove broccoli with a slotted spoon to a plate and add asparagus tips. Cook asparagus tips 2 minutes, then remove with tongs to a plate.nArrange the items for dipping on a large serving platter. Garnish the cooked potatoes with chives. Set the cubed baguette on the opposite end of the platter, to balance color. Between potatoes and bread, arrange cooked broccoli, asparagus and cherry tomatoes. Set out fondue forks or bamboo skewers for dipping. Place small dishes of cornichons, marinated mushrooms and pickled onions near dipping station for accompaniments., ingredients: [12 fingerling potatoes, cut in 12, 1inch baby potatoes may be substituted, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, plus some for drizzling, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 jigger dry sherry, 1 cup halfandhalf, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup grated Gruyere or Swiss, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups steamed broccoli florets, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed of stems, tips reserved, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, snipped or chopped, 12 French baguette, cubed, 12 cherry tomatoes, Cornichons or baby gherkin pickles, Marinated mushrooms, Pickled onions], title: Easy Cheesy Fondue with Fingerling Potatoes, French Bread and Select Vegetables, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 34445: {instructions: Put soaked wood chips in the bottom of a smoker and set up the grill. Begin to heat.nIn a large bowl, toss the mushrooms with a little olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. When the smoker is hot, add the mushrooms and cover. Smoke the mushrooms for 20 minutes, until the mushrooms have softened. When cooked through, dice the mushrooms, and place into a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients, and toss to combine. Adjust the seasonings if necessary.nServing suggestions: on a tostada sprinkled with cotija cheese or grilled with beef on skewers., ingredients: [1 pound cherry or mesquite wood chips soaked in water 30 minutes, 2 portobello mushrooms destemmed, degilled, and brushed clean of dirt, 10 cremini mushrooms destemmed and brushed clean of dirt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red onion finely diced, 1 jalapeno finely diced, 12 cup chopped scallion, 14 cup chopped epazote, 1 tablespoon Mexican oregano, 1 orange, juiced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Smoked Mushroom Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34446: {instructions: Divide the greens among 4 salad plates and chill. Meanwhile, prepare the dressing: Combine all the ingredients in a jar and shake vigorously to blend. When ready to serve, arrange the pear slices over the chilled greens. Top with blue cheese and walnuts and drizzle with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of dressing. Put the remaining dressing in a bowl and pass separately., ingredients: [1 small head Boston lettuce, rinsed, dried, and torn into pieces, 1 bunch watercress, rinsed, dried, and stalks removed, 2 ripe pears, cored and sliced, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 12 cup walnut halves, Creamy tarragon dressing:, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar optional, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 5 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 14 cup light cream], title: Watercress, Pear, and Blue Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 34447: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChop the dates into chunks scissors make this an easier job and put in the bowl of a food processor. Sprinkle the salt over the dates and process until theyre a smooth paste with just a few chunks here and there. If youre having trouble getting them to puree, add a teaspoon or 2 of water.nLine a baking sheet or plate with parchment paper or plastic wrap. Rub a little coconut oil on the palms of your hands this will keep the dates from sticking to you as you roll them. Use a spoon to measure out a little less than a tablespoon of the dates and roll lightly into a ball. Put on the lined baking sheet or plate and repeat with the rest of the mixture, making about 15 truffles. Freeze until firm, about 20 minutes.nIn a small microwavesafe bowl this can also be done in a small saucepan on the stovetop, combine the almond butter, coconut oil and vanilla. Microwave or heat until soft, about 20 seconds, and stir until smooth.nRemove the truffles from the freezer and drizzle with or dip in the almond butter mixture, then sprinkle with the coconut. Return to the freezer to solidify the topping, 10 to 20 minutes. Eat and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups pitted Medjool dates, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon virgin coconut oil, plus more for rolling the truffles, 14 cup almond butter we love Justins Maple Almond Butter, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Unsweetened shredded coconut, for topping], title: DateAlmond Butter Truffles, picturelink: QWifLcRSAdYHBBNDTaCVYbD6Gd.Go6}, 34448: {instructions: Using a round pastry cutter, cut the pastry into 2inch rounds. Roll the remaining scrap into a ball and roll out with a rolling pin into a 14inch thick sheet and continue to cut rounds of puff pastry until youve used up all of the pastry. As you cut the pastry, place it on a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper and refrigerate it until the filling has been made.nFor the filling, put the remaining ingredients, except the egg wash, into a food processor and pulse for 1 to 2 minutes to combine well. Scrape the sides of the bowl carefull with a rubber spatula and pulse again briefly.nHeat a deep fat fryer to 365 degrees.nLightly brush a round of pastry with some of the egg wash. Place 1 teaspoon of the ham filling in the center of the round and fold the dough in half to create a dumpling. Continue to fill the pastry in this way until all of the filling and pastry has been used up. Place the finished turnovers on a parchment paperlined cookie sheet, brush the tops with the remaining egg wash, and deep fry in batches for several minutes until rich golden brown. Drain on paper towels and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound storebought puff pastry, 14 pound smoked, cooked ham, chopped, 4 ounces grated Spanish manchego cheese or sharp jack cheese, 12 cup bread crumbs, 2 garlic cloves, 14 cup parsley leaves, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, Egg wash: 1 egg yolk beaten with 2 tablespoonss cold water], title: Smoked Ham and Goat Cheese Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 34449: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd 1 12 ounces of the vodka to each champagne flute. Top with 1 12 ounces of the pomegranate juice and 1 tablespoon of the lime juice. Add the Champagne or sparkling wine and a cherry to each flute for a sweet garnish., ingredients: [1 12 cups vodka, chilled, 1 12 cups pomegranate juice, chilled, 12 cup lime juice, 1 bottle Champagne or other sparkling white wine, Chilled maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Ginas Red Carpet Cocktails, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 34450: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add 2 tablespoons of salt and some olive oil. Add the pasta and cook it for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente. Add the corn to the pasta and cook it for another 2 minutes, until the corn is tender. Drain the pasta and corn together in a colander and pour them into a large mixing bowl. Add the scallions, diced pepper, tomatoes, and lobster, tossing gently to combine. Allow to cool slightly.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, 4 teaspoons salt, and 2 teaspoons pepper until smooth. Pour over the pasta and mix well to bind the ingredients. Stir in the dill. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for up to 6 hours to allow the flavors to develop. Check the seasonings and serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Good olive oil, 1 pound small pasta shells, such as Ronzoni, Kernels from 8 ears of corn about 6 cups, 12 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 2 yellow or orange bell peppers, seeded and smalldiced, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 pounds cooked fresh lobster meat, mediumdiced, 1 12 cups good mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 4 lemons, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups minced fresh dill], title: Lobster and Shells, picturelink: CoCZZC5PRevi4s80bQ.aO5zR6DxNola}, 34451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add pasta and cook to al dente. Drain and keep warm.nHeat extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, add anchovies and stir into oil until melted. Add the garlic, turn heat to low and saute for a couple of minutes. Stir in the tomatoes crushing them up, then stir in stock. Season with a little black pepper, add capers and olives and simmer a few minutes.nWhile sauce simmers, cut tuna into chunks and grind in food processor into coarse mixture. Pulse in the egg, bread crumbs and parsley and season with a little salt and black pepper. Remove tuna mixture from the processor to a bowl and add a drizzle of olive oil. Stir to combine. Adding the oil will prevent mixture from sticking to your hands as you roll the balls. Roll the tuna into small balls and drop into the sauce. Cover the pot and simmer the tuna balls in the sauce, about 4 to 5 minutes.nPlace the pasta into a serving bowl. Add the tuna and sauce, toss to coat and garnish with shredded basil., ingredients: [1 pound penne recommended: Barilla or de Cecco fine, Salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for tuna, 5 to 6 anchovies, in jars with red pepper, if plain anchovies add 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 large cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 28ounce can tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 1 cup chicken or seafood stock, Freshly ground black pepper, A few tablespoons capers, drained, A handful pitted black olives, oil cured or kalamata, chopped, 1 pound tuna steak, 1 large egg, 12 cup bread crumbs, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 cup basil leaves, shredded], title: Puttanesca with Tuna Polpette and Penne, picturelink: mBefQsuV73JN4zTIqbSQrsul.HHLeiq}, 34452: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace hazelnuts on baking sheet. Bake until theyre a shade darker and fragrant, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside to cool.nLower oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace hazelnuts in blender or food processor and pulse to coarse bits set aside. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt to blend set aside.nBeat butter and sugar together with a wooden spoon until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually beat the flour mixture into the butter mixture. Add the chopped hazelnuts and mix until distributed evenly throughout.nForm into approximately 1inch by 2inch long cookies and place on greased cookie sheets. Bake until firm, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on racks.nIn a saucepan over lowest heat or in a double boiler, melt chocolate. Dip 1 end of cooled cookies into melted chocolate. Place back on cookie sheet to harden.nServes: 12 Calories: 242 Total Fat:17 grams Saturated Fat: 7 grams Protein: 4 grams Total carbohydrates: 21 grams Sugar: 12 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 38 milligrams Sodium: 124 milligrams, ingredients: [1 cup husked hazelnuts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces goodquality semisweet chocolate], title: Chocolate Dipped Hazelnut Shortbread, picturelink: bpQBFfOmEJPKihjG5zcNBJK1Jxm74AC}, 34453: {instructions: Spread peanut butter on saltines. Top with thinly sliced strawberries. Drizzle with honey and top each with another saltine., ingredients: [], title: Crackerwiches, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 34454: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the chowder: In a soup pot or a Dutch oven, heat the EVOO over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the corn and cook until the kernels are lightly browned at the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the seafood seasoning, thyme, garlic, celery, bay leaves, chiles and onions, and cook until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock and tomatoes. Bring to a simmer, then turn off the heat.nFor the croutons: Arrange the English muffin cubes on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Toast in the oven until light golden. Melt the butter with the hot sauce. Place the croutons in a bowl and toss with the parsley, seafood seasoning and the butter mixture. Return to the rack set over the baking sheet and bake until deeply golden. Let cool.nTo finish the chowder: Place the clams and beer in a large pot with a tightfitting lid, and season with sea salt and pepper. Cover and bring to a boil, then cook at a rapid simmer until the clams open, 3 to 5 minutes. Discard any unopened clams.nDivide the clams and the cooking liquid among 4 shallow bowls. Ladle the corn chowder over top and garnish with the croutons. Serve with hot sauce.nCooks Notes: You can make the chowder base up to 5 days ahead. Cool and store in the refrigerator, then reheat over a medium flame. Buy the clams within 48 hours of serving and cook them just before youre ready to serve.nYou can store the croutons in an airtight container or in a foil pouch until ready to use., ingredients: [1 tablespoon EVOO, 13 pound lean bacon, chopped, 4 large ears corn on the cob, kernels cut off and cobs scraped, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 to 4 small ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 jalapeno or Fresno chiles, chopped or thinly sliced, 1 red onion, chopped, 4 cups chicken stock, 3 to 4 heirloom tomatoes, chopped, 4 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 lager beer, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, Hot sauce, for serving, 3 English muffins, chopped into bitesize cubes, 12 stick butter 4 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay], title: Spicy Clam and Corn Chowder, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 34455: {instructions: For the soup: Cut whole chicken into quarters or breasts into 2 pieces. Place the chicken into a stockpot and fill the stockpot with water to cover chicken. Bring the stockpot to a boil. Skim the top of the water. Add the vegetables and seasonings. Turn heat down and let simmer for approximately 1 12 hours or until tender.nFor the Matzo Balls: Separate the yolks from the whites and mix the yolks with chicken fat or oil. Mix matzo meal, salt and soup stock together. Beat egg whites to soft peaks. Mix together the yolk mixture and the matzo meal. Fold the egg whites into the matzo mixture and refrigerate for 40 minutes. Remove from refrigerator and make heaping tablespoon size balls. Boil in salt water for about 40 minutes.nStrain the soup, reserving the chicken for the chicken salad and the carrots. Place the matzo balls into the strained soup. Serve the matzo ball soup with the carrots.nFor the chicken salad: Mix chicken, eggs and mayonnaise together. The amount of mayonnaise may vary depending on the amount of chicken. Season with garlic powder and salt and pepper, to taste. The garlic powder is the trick to making it taste so good. Top with toasted slivered almonds optional., ingredients: [1 whole Kosher chicken or 6 double chicken breasts, 3 whole carrots, 4 celery sticks stalks and tops, 2 whole onions, 12 cup parsley, 1 parsnip, 4 sprigs dill, Salt and pepper, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chicken fat or oil, 12 cup matzo meal, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons soup stock from above or water, Boiled Chicken from the soup whole chicken in pieces, 3 hard boiled eggs, 12 cup mayonnaise, Garlic powder, Salt and pepper, Toasted slivered almonds, optional], title: Matzo Ball Soup and Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 34456: {instructions: For the toffee: Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat. Put the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. When the butter is halfway melted, add the sugar and water and cook over low heat, stirring very gently with a rubber spatula, until completely combined. Clip on a candy thermometer on to the side of the pan, turn the heat up to mediumhigh, and wait for the mixture to reach 300 degrees F, about 15 minutes. The mixture will start to bubble and turn brown. If the browning seems uneven, swirl the pan during the cooking process, but do not stir. Once the mixture reaches 300 degrees F, remove the pan from the heat and remove the candy thermometer. Stir in the toasted flax seeds and poppy seeds. Pour onto the prepared baking sheet, using an offset spatula to spread evenly. This will cool quickly. Chop by hand into small pieces.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners.nSprinkle each cupcake liner with 2 teaspoons Toasted Flax and Poppy Seed Toffee. In the bowl of a standing mixture fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, scraping the bowl after each addition. Add the coconut extract and coconut flakes. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl. Alternate folding the coconut milk and flour mixture into the butter mixture. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters of the way and bake for 11 minutes. Cool.nTo assemble: When the cupcakes are cool to the touch, use an apple corer to make a hole in the center of each cupcake be careful not to go to the bottom of the cupcake and tear the paper. Put the Muscat Raisin Filling in a pastry bag, snip the end, and fill each cupcake to the top of the hole. Pipe the Parsley Icing high on the tops of each cupcake. Decorate the sides of the cupcakes with toasted coconut. Arrange a few rose petals in a circle on the tops of the cupcakes and fill the middle with additional Toasted Flax Seed and Poppy Seed Toffee.nCombine the milk and brown sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat to dissolve the sugar. Add the raisins and continue to cook for 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the mixture cool. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Pour onto a half sheet tray and place in the refrigerator to cool. Combine the raisin mixture and toasted coconut by hand.nFor the puree: Rinse and pat dry the parsley. Bloom the gelatin in the warm water. Trim the bottom 2 inches from the parsley and add the remaining parsley to a blender. Add the bloomed gelatin and cold water and blend until smooth. It should hold a slight peak and be bright green you may need to add a couple extra tablespoons of water. Transfer the mixture to a baking sheet and cool quickly in the refrigerator.nFor the icing: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and salt on high speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar in 12cup additions until fully mixed. Add the vanilla. Fold in the finely chopped toffee. Remove the parsley puree from the refrigerator and mix into the icing. Transfer the icing to a large pastry bag fitted with a large fluted star tip. Return to the refrigerator to keep firm., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup flax seeds, toasted, 14 cup poppy seeds, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups superfine sugar, 5 eggs, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 12 cups coconut flakes, 2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup coconut milk, Muscat Raisin Filling, recipe follows, Parsley Icing, recipe follows, 1 cup toasted coconut, for garnish, Organic green and pinktipped rose petals, cut into chiffonade, for garnish, 1 cup milk, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 cups Muscat raisins, 1 cup toasted coconut, 1 large bunch fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 3 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 12 cup warm water, 12 cup cold water, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, cold, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup finely chopped Flax Seed and Poppy Seed Toffee], title: Winning Recipe Mini Coconut Cupcakes with Poppy Seed Crust, Muscat Raisin Filling, and Parsley Icing with Toasted Coconut, Flax and Poppy Seed Toffee, and Organic Roses, picturelink: wwxHfEhdtELZY2Z8ASfZwNcTGMvyqsa}, 34457: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a serving bowl. Add the cheese and toss until coated.nFor the sauce: Combine the mint, cheese, oil, chile and garlic in a food processor. Blend until smooth.nAdd the sauce to the pasta and toss until coated., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound campanelle pasta, 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 1 14 cups chopped fresh mint, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed], title: Campanelle with Spicy Mint Sauce, picturelink: SWUptmKbZcg8hntyubrtdzUgxOMmQRO}, 34458: {instructions: Heat 2 cups fumet, clam juice or water in a small saucepan. Add saffron, simmer about 5 minutes, remove from heat and set aside.nHeat 14 cup olive oil oil in an 8quart pot over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic, allowing it to brown for about 20 seconds, then add onions, fennel, and a pinch of salt. Cook until vegetables are softened, about 4 minutes. Add fennel seed, bay leaf and oregano. Stir and cook for 30 seconds. Add tomato paste. Cook, stirring, until paste darkens a bit, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add chopped tomatoes squeeze them slightly through your fingers to soften first, white wine, pernod and the saffron flavored fish fumet, clam juice or water. Add remaining fish fumet, clam juice or water, whole jalapenos and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until liquid has reduced by half. Cover pan and simmer for 30 minutes.nSkim the fat from the soup, and add parsley, basil and tarragon. Add clams and simmer until clams open, about 3 minutes discard any unopened clams. Add crab pieces and heat through. With a pair of tongs, remove crab legs to warmed serving bowls. Place a colander with shrimp in it, into the pot without submerging it completely. When shrimp are just cooked and pink and add to serving bowls. Use tongs to fish out the clams, add to serving bowls. Melt the butter in the broth, stirring as it melts.nMeanwhile, season halibut and scallops with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons oil. Cook the haibut and scallops, without stirring, until browned, about 2 minutes. Turn and cook another 30 seconds. Fish will be slightly underdone. Cover scallops and sautu00e9ed fish with ladles of broth, bring to a simmer, then transfer scallops and fish to the serving bowls.nRemove bay leaf and the jalapeno peppers from pot. Season broth with salt and pepper. Pour broth over fish in bowls.nMash the softened jalapeno peppers into a paste, and serve as a garnish for guests who like their Cioppino spicy.nPlace all ingredients in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Strain fumet and allow to cool before storing., ingredients: [2 quarts fish fumet, recipe follows can substitute mixture of 2 parts water to 1 part clam juice, Pinch saffron, 6 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed, 5 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 head fennel, sliced, Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon toasted fennel seed, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, drained and chopped, 2 cups dry white wine, 12 cup pernod, 5 whole jalapenos, 14 cup fresh chopped parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped tarragon leaves, 2 pounds littleneck clams, 1 pound cooked crab legs, cracked into 1 12inch pieces, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left on, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 pounds halibut fillet, skinned, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 34 pound sea scallops, foot removed, 5 12 pounds bones and trimmings from white fish, 10 cups cold water, 2 cups dry white wine, 6 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 small onion, sliced thin, 3 shallots, slice thin, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 10 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 sprig thyme, 2 teaspoons peppercorns, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 bay leaf], title: Cioppino, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 34459: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Thoroughly butter and flour the madeleine pans.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the eggs, sugar, and vanilla on medium speed for 3 minutes, or until light yellow and fluffy. Add 14 pound of butter and mix. Sift together the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt, and stir into the batter with a rubber spatula. Stir in the coconut.nWith a soup spoon, drop the batter into the pans, filling each shell almost full. Bake the madeleines for 10 to 12 minutes, until they spring back when pressed. Tap the madeleines out onto a baking pan lined with parchment paper and allow to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons melted butter, to grease the pans, plus 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup sweetened shredded coconut, Confectioners sugar, optional], title: Coconut Madeleines, picturelink: IAOjU58OmSLph.F9V.IrCNhbMrxwGmG}, 34460: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12by3inch heartshaped cookie cutternSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Place butter and sugar in the bowl of a standing mixer and beat until light in color. Add the red food coloring, egg and milk and beat to combine. Proceed with recipe and chill for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle a work surface and rolling pin with confectioners sugar and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move dough frequently to prevent it from sticking and add more confectioners sugar to the work surface and rolling pin as needed. With a 2 12by3inch heartshaped cookie cutter, cut 36 hearts, rerolling dough as needed. Place at least 1 inch apart on parchmentlined baking sheets, and bake until cookies are set but not brown, about 78 minutes. Let cool on the pan slightly before transferring to a rack to cool completely.nTo make striped Valentine hearts, transfer half of the melted chocolate to a disposable pastry bag, twist the end closed, and using scissors, snip a very small opening in the tip. Starting at the bottom of the cookie, apply gentle pressure to the pastry bag and drizzle lines of chocolate back and forth over the cookie, moving up as the chocolate flows. Allow chocolate to set before eating or packaging.nTo make polkadot Valentine hearts, color the remaining chocolate with pink food coloring to the desired shade of pink. Transfer to a disposable pastry bag, twist the end closed, and using scissors, snip a very small opening in the tip. Hold the pastry bag perpendicular to the cookie and apply gentle pressure to pipe a dot of chocolate. Release the pressure on the bag until the flow stops, and continue over the surface of the cookie, piping different sized dots, if desired. Gently tap the cookie to settle the chocolate and allow to set before eating or packaging.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week.nRecipe courtesy of Alton Brown, ingredients: [Ingredients for 1 recipe Sugar Cookie Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon red gel paste food coloring, 4 ounces white chocolate, melted, Pink gel paste food coloring, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough], title: White Chocolate Valentines, picturelink: PsP.UansGA6uKqi792i4KBoRnNEuR4K}, 34461: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter.nPut the ham on a paper towellined plate and microwave for about 3 minutes to reduce the moisture content. Mix together the Swiss and Monterey Jack cheese in a bowl.nPut about a third of chicken in a layer in the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Top with half the ham. Sprinkle over 14 cup of the mixed cheese. Repeat 1 more time, then finish with a layer of chicken.nMelt the remaining 5 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Put the panko in a bowl, pour in half of the melted butter, mix well and set aside.nAdd the flour to the remaining butter in the skillet and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, whisking out any lumps. Whisk in the milk, broth, Dijon and cayenne and let it cook until it begins to thicken. Remove from the heat and stir in 1 cup of the cheese until melted. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the sauce over the casserole. Sprinkle over the remaining 1 cup cheese, then the panko mix. Bake until the top is browned and the casserole is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [6 tablespoons salted butter, 2 cups smallcubed ham, 1 14 cups grated Swiss cheese, 1 14 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 4 cooked boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into cubes, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole, picturelink: 2C6RXg4UA5XeVI7d430wNY8qPYjQapu}, 34462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nTransfer the cut vegetables to prepared baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and 12 teaspoon each of salt and black pepper. Roast the vegetables for 20 minutes or until tender and golden brown.nIn a large saucepan, combine broth, tomatoes, cumin, and thyme. Set pan over high heat and bring to a boil. Stir in all but 2 cups of the roasted vegetables reserve 1 cup of the roasted vegetables for the Eggplant Caponata and 1 cup for the Chicken Curry. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 5 minutes.nCook couscous according to package directions, adding apricots and cinnamon before the addition of boiling water.nRemove vegetable stew from heat and stir in cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nSpoon cooked couscous into shallow dinner bowls and top with vegetable stew., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 large eggplant, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 3 carrots, chopped, 1 large or 2 medium yellow squash, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 cups reducedsodium vegetable broth, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup couscous, 12 cup minced dried apricots, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Roasted Vegetable Stew with Moroccan Couscous, picturelink: Mv1H3KNnu3MTqpG0r3dMUhWUJR6nsS}, 34463: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly coat an 8 or 9inch springform pan with nonstick vegetableoil spray.nTo make the crust: In a food processor or blender, grind the ginger snaps until crumbly. In a large bowl, combine the ginger snap crumbs and melted jam with a fork. Mix until blended and press into the bottom of the prepared pan.nTo make the filling: In a large bowl, beat together the fatfree cream cheese and light cream cheese with an electric mixer on the lowest speed until blended. Beat in the sugar.nIn a food processor or blender, puree the cottage cheese until smooth and creamy. Add the pumpkin, vanilla, cinnamon, flour, allspice, and cloves. Blend until smooth. Add the pumpkin mixture to the cream cheese mixture and mix just until blended. Add the egg whites and mix just until blended. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan.nBake 80 minutes, or until the cheesecake puffs and the center is almost set. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool. To serve, run a knife around the sides to loosen the cake. Release the pan sides. Cut into wedges., ingredients: [15 ginger snaps, 2 tablespoons apricot or peach jam, melted, 8 ounces fatfree cream cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces tubstyle light cream cheese not fatfree, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 cup nonfat cottage cheese, 1 13 cups canned pumpkin not pie filling, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 6 egg whites], title: Pumpkin Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 34464: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss the potato with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes.nWhile potatoes are in the oven, heat a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add a little canola oil followed by the onion and jalapeno and cook until beginning to soften, 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the andouille, cayenne, ancho chili powder, garlic powder and paprika and cook until almost browned, about 4 minutes.nScramble the 3 eggs in a small bowl and add them to the Dutch oven. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring, until the eggs are a soft scramble. Taste for seasonings.nHeat a grill or skillet to high heat. Grill the tortillas quickly for just a minute in order to char them a tad. Divide the tortillas among plates. Top each with a scoop of the andouille hash, a pinch of Cheddar and some green onions., ingredients: [1 russet potato, diced, 2 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 12 red onion, diced, 12 jalapeno, diced, 1 link andouille sausage, chopped, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 3 large eggs, Four 6inch corn tortillas, 4 pinches shredded Cheddar, 2 green onions, chopped thin], title: Andouille Hash and Egg Tacos, picturelink: huRO76CFlx2tL6FjWe96hyoeMi3OJui}, 34465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir together the brown sugar, chile powder, paprika, garlic powder, salt, black pepper and cayenne in a small bowl. Rub the mixture all over the pork shoulder. Wrap the pork in plastic wrap and refrigerate for several hours or preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace the pork in a large pot on a bed of the onion halves. Roast until forktender and falling apart, about 7 hours. Remove the pork from the pot and set it on a cutting board. Slice some of the onion.nPlace the pot on the stove over mediumhigh heat and add 12 to 1 cup of hot water. Scrape the pan to loosen up the bits and cook for 5 minutes to reduce. Pour in the barbecue sauce and stir to heat.nShred the meat with two forks, add the sliced onions to the pork and then toss in the barbecue sauce until its coated to your liking Serve on hamburger rolls., ingredients: [14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pork shoulder roast also called pork butt, 4 onions, cut into halves, 1 bottle good barbecue sauce and goodquality hamburger rolls, for serving], title: Pulled Pork, picturelink: c24gWKsZeKAfcdqf1xjfUZuCmy934VG}, 34466: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nGently bring the cream to a boil in mediumsize heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring it often. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar, and then add the passion fruit puree to the egg mixture. Pour 12 of the boiling cream into the egg mixture to temper it. Remove the pan of cream from the heat. Then return the tempered egg mixture back to the cream, and whisk to combine. Return the pan to the heat, and continue to heat it until it reaches 180 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Strain custard through a sieve into a pitcherlike container that you can easily pour from.nPlace 4 ramekins on a sheet tray. Divide the custard evenly among the ramekins, and place in the oven. Fill the pan halfway up the sides of ramekins with hot water. Bake for 10 minutes, and then turn the pan around, and bake for 15 minutes more, or until set. Remove from the oven, and let cool to room temperature in a water bath. Chill for at least 2 hours. Generously sprinkle the tops of the cru00e8me brulee with sugar, and then caramelize with a kitchen torch. If you do not have a kitchen torch, then place ramekins under the broiler for 1 to 2 minutes until sugar caramelizes., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 13 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup passion fruit puree, Sugar, for caramelizing], title: The Unbearable Lightness of Brulee, picturelink: null}, 34467: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nSpread the coconut and almonds on separate baking sheets and toast, stirring occasionally, just until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nLine the bottom and sides of a 14 by 17inch baking sheet with sides with parchment or waxed paper. Sift together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Transfer to a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or use a hand mixer and blend briefly.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, oil and vanilla extract. Add to the dry ingredients and mix at low speed for 5 minutes. Gradually add the hot water, mixing at low speed just until combined. The batter will be quite thin. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan.nCaramel: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the sugar, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar to moisten it. Over mediumhigh heat, bring to a boil without stirring. Reduce the heat to a fast simmer and cook without stirring until ambercaramel in color, 10 to 20 minutes. Immediately remove from the heat. Using a wooden spoon, slowly and carefully stir in the cream it will bubble up and may splatter. Stir in the toasted coconut and almonds. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, cut the roomtemperature cake in the pan into 6 even strips, each 3 inches wide. Using diagonal strokes of the knife, cut each strip into 4 triangles. If the sauce has stiffened, rewarm it over low heat or in a microwave until softened. Place a triangle on each plate, drizzle with sauce, and rest another triangle on top at a different angle. Drizzle with more sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups flaked or shredded coconut, 1 14 cups sliced almonds, 3 cups sugar, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons bestquality cocoa recommended: Dutchprocess, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups very hot water, 1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 1 12 cups heavy cream], title: Dark German Chocolate Cake with Toasted AlmondCoconut Goo, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 34468: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix crabmeat, mayonnaise, onion, Asiago, and paprika together. Put mixture into an ovenproof baking dish. Cover and bake until mixture is heated through and bubbly, about 20 minutes. Remove cover, and bake until golden brown, an additional 5 to 10 minutes.nWhile the fondue is baking, thinly slice the baguette. In a small saute pan, heat the oil and garlic so the flavors infuse. Brush each slice of bread with the flavored oil and place on a cookie sheet. Sprinkle bread with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake until golden brown. Arrange bread around fondue on a serving platter and enjoy., ingredients: [8 ounces crabmeat, preferably from Maine, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup grated Asiago, Paprika, 1 French baguette, 12 cup olive oil, 2 fresh garlic cloves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Maine Crabmeat Fondue, picturelink: null}, 34469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven 375 degrees F.nSeason the turkey with salt, pepper and herbs. Coat with olive oil, place in a baking pan and pour the chicken broth around the turkey. Place in the oven and bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool in the baking pan for 10 minutes. Slice into 12inch slices, on an angle. Allow to sit in baking pan with juices as you make sauce.nIn the bowl of a food processor add the tuna, anchovy, lemon juice and capers. Puree until creamy, about 1 minute. Pour the tuna mixture into a bowl and stir in the mayonnaise.nPlace the slices of turkey on a platter and pour the tuna sauce on top. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 pound turkey breast, skinless and boneless, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces canned white meat tuna, packed in olive oil  do not drain, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste or 1 anchovy fillet, drained, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon capers, 13 cup mayonnaise, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Turkey Tonnato, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 34470: {instructions: Heat the grill to medium or the oven to 250 degrees F.nAdd the peaches to a large bowl, drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and toss to coat. Grill for 1 minute per side or warm for 2 minutes in the oven.nMeanwhile, make the dressing. In a small bowl, whisk together the garlic, vinegar, mustard, honey and remaining 14 cup olive oil. Season with salt.nGently mix together the warm peaches, almonds, arugula and blue cheese in a large mixing bowl. Toss with the dressing.nCooks Note: I love this served right on top of a steak but it is also great as a side salad., ingredients: [6 firm peaches, pitted and quartered, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt, 12 cup Marcona almonds, 3 to 4 cups baby arugula, 1 cup of your favorite blue cheese Im currently obsessed with the smoked blue from Wisconsin], title: Peach and Blue Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 34471: {instructions: Let the ice cream sit at room temperature to soften, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, put 12 cup of the peanut butter in a medium microwavesafe bowl and heat for 30 second increments, stirring after each, until warm and very loose, about 2 minutes. Add the cereal and stir and toss until combined. Transfer to a 9inch pie plate and press into an even layer along the bottom and up the sides, using the flat bottom of a measuring cup to help. The mixture will still be a bit crumbly.nScoop the ice cream into the peanut butter crust and smooth out into an even layer. Heat the remaining 14 cup peanut butter in the microwave until warm and loose, about 1 minute. Dip a fork into the peanut butter and drizzle it over the pie. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and freeze until set, at least 2 hours or up to overnight. Decorate with a ring of strawberries before serving., ingredients: [2 cups strawberry ice cream, 34 cup smooth peanut butter, 2 12 cups crispy rice cereal, 6 strawberries, hulled and quartered or sliced], title: 4Ingredient Peanut ButterStrawberry Ice Cream Pie, picturelink: qAGalhosxPIq645mGvIzEqOB5ehKKe}, 34472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a squeeze bottle for easy decoratingnIn a large bowl, use a whisk to combine the flour, salt and baking powder. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar together on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and beat until completely combined.nReduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture slowly, about 12 cup at a time until finished, mixing until just combined. Form the dough into 2 disks and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until slightly firm, about 1 hour, or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, or spray with cooking spray.nRoll the dough out onto a floured work surface and use cookie cutters to cut out shapes, then transfer to the prepared baking sheets, leaving about a 2inch space between each cookie.nChill the cutout cookies on the baking sheets for about 15 minutes before baking for a more precise shape. Bake until just starting to become crisp and golden around the edges, about 15 minutes. Remove the cookies to a rack and let cool completely.nUse food coloring to tint Royal Icing into different colors. To decorate, cover the cookies with the Royal Icing, then sprinkle on decorations while the icing is still wet. Let the icing set completely.nAdd the meringue powder to 12 cup water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whip for about 30 seconds. Slowly add the confectioners sugar, and continue to beat until medium peaks form. If the icing is too stiff, add water a tablespoon at a time. Keep covered until ready to use. Transfer to a squeeze bottle for easier decorating., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Gelpaste food coloring, optional, Royal Icing, recipe follows, Edible decorations, such as sprinkles or candy balls, optional, 14 cup meringue powder, 8 cups sifted confectioners sugar], title: Santas Christmas Cookies, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 34473: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the cranberry juice to a boil. Transfer to a medium mixing bowl and pour in the gelatin. Stir until gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir in vodka. Chill 1 12 to 2 hours in the refrigerator until it begins to set. Stir in remaining ingredients. Divide into 12 4ounce molds. Refrigerate at least 4 hours to set.nRemove from molds by first running the tip of a sharp knife around the edge of the mold to loosen side. Then dip the bottom of mold in a bowl of warm water. Invert onto a plate. Serve garnished with fresh cranberries and a sprig of fresh mint, ingredients: [2 14 cups cranberry juice cocktail, 1 box 0.6 oz. sugarfree cranberry gelatin recommended: JellO, 34 cup orange flavored vodka, 1 16ounce can whole berry cranberry sauce recommended: Ocean Spray, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 12 cup chopped pecans, Fresh cranberries and mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Cranberry Molds, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 34474: {instructions: In a wide skillet pour milk. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until reduce by half, 2030 minutes. Strain into a large saucepan and add the water and cinnamon sticks.nBring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 15 minutes. Remove the cinnamon sticks and reserve.nCombine the sugar, rice flour, and vanilla extract in a bowl. Pour in the milk mixture and whisk to incorporate well. Refrigerate at least 4 hours. Then pour the mixture into a pitcher, discarding the sediment that has settled on the bottom of the bowl. Serve cold over ice, with cinnamon sticks as stirrers., ingredients: [1 quart nonfat milk, 2 quarts water, 4 cinnamon sticks, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup rice flour or 13 cup raw white rice crushed to a powder in the blender, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Horchata, picturelink: null}, 34475: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 13 by 9 inch baking dish.n2. Melt one cup chocolate chips and butter in large heavy duty saucepan over low heat, stir until smooth. Remove from heat.n3. Stir in eggs, flour, sugar, vanilla, and baking soda. Stir in remaining morsels and nuts. Spread into pan.n4. Bake for 18 to 22 minutes. Cool completely in pan on wire rack., ingredients: [2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup butter, 3 eggs, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Walnut Chips], title: Easy Double Chocolate Chip Brownies, picturelink: null}, 34476: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare the cupcake pans by spraying with nonstick coating and using cupcake liners.nIn a small bowl, pour the hot water over the raisins to rehydrate and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cocoa powder and cinnamon, and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the corn oil, dark brown sugar, granulated sugar, vanilla and eggs. Mix well to fully incorporate. Combine the wet and the dry ingredients, stirring to fully incorporate. Drain the raisins and squeeze out the moisture. Fold them in to the batter with the carrots and walnuts.nScoop the batter into the prepared cupcake pans and bake until the cupcakes spring back when lightly touched with a finger, about 20 minutes. Cool.nTo assemble: Core and fill the cupcakes with the Maple Cinnamon Pastry Cream Filling after they have cooled. Frost the cupcakes with the Cream Cheese Frosting using a pastry bag or offset spatula.nOptional garnish: Using orange and green food color and some marzipan or almond paste, form carrots by rolling a ball of marzipan in the palms of your hand. Use a knife to make marks in the carrots and make a small batch of greens to attach to each carrot.nThe key to making pastry cream is in the set up. Its best to set the stage with everything before you start cooking anything.nCut the butter into small pieces and place in a medium mixing bowl with the maple flavoring and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, place 12 cup water and some ice and set aside you will need it to help cool and stop the cooking of the pastry cream.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat the eggs and set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine 2 ounces sugar, cornstarch and cinnamon, and set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the milk, the remaining 2 ounces sugar and vanilla bean.nNow that the stage is set, add the sugarcornstarch mixture to the eggs, mixing really well with a whisk.nBring the milk to a boil on the stove, and then temper it into the sugaregg mixture pour very slowly while whisking the eggs, so that you slowly raise the eggs temperature. Put it all back into the pot and back on the stove. Whisking constantly, cook the pastry cream until it boils for at least 30 seconds. It will quickly pass a lumpy stage and then get creamy and shiny. Immediately dump it into the bowl with the butter and mix to incorporate fully. Place the bowl in the prepared ice bath and stir to cool. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nIn a large mixing bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter to soften. Add the cream cheese in bits, about 2 tablespoons at a time. Scrape down the bowl and mix on medium speed until fully combined. Add the powdered sugar and mix until incorporated. Mix in the vanilla., ingredients: [Nonstick coating, 12 cup hot water, 12 cup dark raisins, 6 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 12 ounces corn oil, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 8 ounces carrots, shredded, 23 cup walnuts, toasted, chopped, Maple Cinnamon Pastry Cream Filling, recipe follows, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Orange and green food coloring, for garnish, optional, Marzipan or almond paste, for garnish, optional, 1 ounce butter, 14 teaspoon maple flavoring, 1 egg plus 2 egg yolks, 4 ounces sugar, 1 14 ounces cornstarch, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 16 ounces milk, 12 vanilla bean, 4 ounces butter, at room temperature, 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 6 ounces powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Carrot Cake Cupcakes, picturelink: Pai87H.tRg3XItgAgqP9RTxmPukxsy}, 34477: {instructions: Blend together butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon in a small bowl. Cut pear in half and remove core with a melon baller cut off stem and blossom end. Do not peel pear.nPlace each half pear, cored side up, on a large square of doubled heavyduty foil. Scoop up half the buttersugar mixture and form into a ball with your hands press into cored pear cavity. Gather foil up around pear half and squeeze juice from 1 orange half over pear. Close foil around pear. Repeat with other pear half.nPlace foilwrapped pears in a preheated 350 degree oven and bake until very soft, about 1 hour. Or place on a grate over a burneddown campfire and cook until soft, moving packet often with tongs so fruit doesnt scorch, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, Generous pinch ground cinnamon, 1 comice or anjou pear, 1 navel orange, halved], title: Foilwrapped Pears with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34478: {instructions: Over a double boiler, combine miso, sugar, sake, and mirin and whisk until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and let cool. Refrigerate for a few hours so that marinade is cold and add black cod fillets or fillet pieces. Marinate for 24 to 48 hours in refrigerator.nRemove from marinade and scrape off most of marinade that is coating the fish. Preheat oven to broil oven should be very hot and heat should be coming from the top down. Place fish on a greased foillined baking sheet. Place baking sheet approximately 6 inches away from top heating element. Broil 7 to 10 minutes, until browned. Depending on the thickness of the fish, fish should flake away otherwise, bake an additional few minutes., ingredients: [34 cup white miso, 12 cup sugar, 14 sake, 6 tablespoons mirin, 6 to 8 black cod fillets or fillet pieces], title: Miso Marinated Blackened Cod, picturelink: null}, 34479: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUse a paring knife to cut an X in the flat side of each chestnut shell. Toss into a pot of boiling water and cook for 10 minutes. Peel away the outer shell and brown skin. Return the peeled chestnuts to the pot of water and boil until tender, about 25 minutes.nBlanch the Brussels sprouts in boiling salted water for about 8 minutes or until they are just tender. Take care not to over cook. Drain the Brussels sprouts well and cut in half lengthwise. Melt butter in a skillet and saute the shallots. Add the chestnuts and Brussels sprouts, toss to coat with the butter. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Cook for 5 minutes until heated through, ingredients: [1 pound whole chestnuts, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, stems trimmed, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, minced, Salt and pepper, Pinch nutmeg], title: Blanched Brussels Sprouts with Chestnuts, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 34480: {instructions: Bring a quart of water to a boil. Add pasta to and cook for 10 minutes. Meanwhile prepare and dice the pepper, tomatoes and cucumber and season with a tablespoonful or so of olive oil and some balsamic vinegar to taste. Add basil season with salt and pepper. Drain pasta and ladle into a plate spoon raw mixture over the top and garnish with goats cheese., ingredients: [4 ounces dry capellini or linguini fini, 12 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 1 ripe tomato or 2 ripe plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 1 kirby cucumber, seeded and cut into 14 inch dice or 6 or 7 green beans cut into very fine rounds, Olive oil, Balsamic or sherry vinegar to taste, A few fresh basil or mint leaves, cut into chiffonade, Salt and pepper, 1 ounce goats cheese], title: Pasta for One with Raw Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 34481: {instructions: Heat grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nMix spices and sugar in a large plastic food storage bag. Coat chicken with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil and add to bag. Coat the chicken evenly in the spices and sugar. Let the chicken hang out a few minutes.nChop and combine the tomatoes, bell pepper, onions and grilled pineapple spears.nPlace chicken on grill and cook 6 to 7 minutes on each side.nDress the salad with lime and a couple tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Season the salad with cilantro, salt and pepper.nHeat the stock and milk or halfandhalf in a sauce pot with chipotle and adobo sauce. Whisk in the polenta and thicken 23 minutes, stir in pumpkin to warm through. Stir in butter and honey and season with salt and pepper.nServe polenta with chicken and salsa salad., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon coriander, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 14 fresh pineapple, cut into spears and grilled, 2 limes, A handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup milk or halfandhalf, 1 chipotle in adobo, finely chopped and 2 teaspoons adobo sauce, 34 cup quick cooking polenta, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons honey], title: BBQ Spiced Chicken, Salsa Salad and PumpkinChipotle Polenta, picturelink: cjh.bzx90J.0uRzaAT9F41RZAsUmC}, 34482: {instructions: In a large, deep frying pan, heat about 12inch of oil to 350 degrees F.nMash cooked peas in a large mixing bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Shape into fritters, whatever size you desire. Carefully add fritters to the hot oil and fry until golden on 1 side. Carefully turn fritters over and continue frying until golden on the second side and cooked through in the middle. Remove and let drain on paper towels. Serve., ingredients: [Oil, for deep frying, 1 12 pounds black eyed peas, cooked canned works equally as well, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 small to medium onion, minced, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder], title: Black Eyed Pea Fritters, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 34483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, mix together the pudding mix and sugar. Slowly whisk in the milk and lemon juice until smooth. Beat the egg yolks in a small bowl and add them to the pan. Whisk until incorporated. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula until thickened. Allow to cool in an ice bath. Pour the filling into the pie crust and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Cut into wedges and serve with Lemon Whipped Cream.nIn a chilled mixing bowl add the heavy cream, lemon zest, lemon juice and powdered sugar. Using a handheld mixer, beat until soft peaks form. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with candied lemon peel. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 4ounce package cook and serve lemon pudding mix, 34 cup superfine sugar, 3 cups whole milk, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 egg yolks, 1 baked pie crust in a 9inch deep pie plate, Lemon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup powdered sugar, Candied lemon peel, garnish], title: Baked Lemon Meringue Pie, picturelink: T3reanPI88r6Qs9vEHfcmoSfgLrciJi}, 34484: {instructions: Butter three 8 inch cake pans thoroughly and line the base of each with baking parchment. Rub a little more butter onto the paper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a double boiler, melt the chocolate over simmering water, stirring occasionally, and set aside to cool. Sift the flour together with the sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In the bowl of an electric mixer or with a handheld mixer, beat the butter until it is fluffy. Add the flour mixture, 34 cup of the buttermilk, and the vanilla and beat in thoroughly, mixing for about 2 minutes with the electric mixer. Add the melted chocolate, eggs, and the remaining 14 cup of the buttermilk and beat for 1 minute longer. Pour an equal amount of the cake batter into each prepared pan and bake on the center rack of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool the cakes in their pans for 15 minutes, then turn out onto a cake rack and finish cooling. With a soft pastry brush, brush any loose crumbs from the side edges of the cake layers.nTo make the marmalade, combine the milk, sugar, egg yolks, and butter in a medium saucepan. Over medium heat cook the mixture, stirring constantly, until it thickens, about 10 minutes. Do not let the mixture come to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the coconut and pecans. Stir together well, then let cool almost to room temperature, beating occasionally so that it does not form a crust.nTo assemble the cake, place the first layer of cake on a serving dish. Spread a layer of the marmalade on the top of the cake only, about 12 inch thick. Place the second layer of the cake on top of the first and spread the top of it with some of the marmalade. Finally, place the third cake layer on the top and spread a nice, thick, and slightly rounded layer of the marmalade on top of that. Cut into wedges for serving., ingredients: [4 ounce package sweet German cooking chocolate, broken into 4 pieces, 2 13 cups sifted cake flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, 1 cup evaporated milk, 1 cup sugar, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 13 cups coconut flakes, 1 cup pecan piece], title: Buttermilk Chocolate Cake with Coconut Pecan Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 34485: {instructions: Make streusel: In a small bowl, whisk together the flour and sugar. Drizzle in the melted butter and mix with your fingertips until the mixture lumps into unevenly sized crumbs. Refrigerate until ready to use.nCombine the chocolate, sugar and cinnamon. Brush a 8 x 4 x 2 12 inch pan, or 5 cup loaf pan with melted butter. Roll the dough into a rectangle measuring 9 x 22 inches and brush off any excess flour. Brush the dough generously with the melted butter, leaving a 12 inch along the top edge of the dough. Sprinkle the chocolate mixture evenly over the dough, leaving the top 12 inch border free. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture. Sprinkle the streusel over the chocolate, reserving about 3 tablespoons.nBrush the 12 inch border along the top lightly with water. Beginning at the bottom edge, roll the dough into a log and pinch along the seam to seal it well. Moisten the ends of the log with water and bring them together to form a ring. Pinch the ends to seal. Gently twist the circle of dough twice into a double figure 8 and place in the prepared loaf pan, keeping the joint and seam down. Brush the top with melted butter.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the pan with a towel and set in a warm draft free place to proof for about 1 14 hours, or until a finger gently pressed into the dough leaves an indentation. It will not quite double, but will increase more than half again in size when fully proofed. Brush the top with more melted butter and sprinkle with the reserved chocolatesugar and streusel. Bake 45 to 50 minutes, or until the dough in the crevices appears baked. If the top browns too quickly, cover loosely with foil. Cool on a rack, in the pan, for 15 minutes. Slip a knife around the edge to loosen it and turn out onto the rack. Cool before slicing., ingredients: [12 recipe danish dough l pound, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon melted butter approximately, 3 ounces grated or finely chopped semisweet chocolate, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup streusel approximately, 2 tablespoons melted butter approximately], title: Chocolate Babka, picturelink: null}, 34486: {instructions: Use a peeler to remove eight 5inch strips of orange peel. Make sure to remove only the orange peel, leaving behind as much white pith as possible.nCut each sprig of rosemary into 4inch pieces. Remove the leaves from the bottom 12 inch of the rosemary sprigs, exposing the stems.nRoll up each strip of orange peel from one end to the other, peelside out, to resemble a rose. Pierce the exposed end of the rosemary sprig through the rolled orange peel, ensuring the rosemary holds together both ends of the orange rose.nDivide the champagne among 8 flutes about 4 ounces per glass. Top each with a splash of Campari about 14 ounce. Drop a rosemary orange garnish into each flute.nPhotograph by Tara Donne, ingredients: [4 large navel oranges, 8 sprigs rosemary, 1 750ml bottle champagne, chilled, 2 ounces Campari], title: Champari Gold, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 34487: {instructions: For the risotto: Heat the stock with 1 12 cups water and the saffron and keep warm. Heat 2 turns of the pan EVOO in a pot and cook the pancetta to render, 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and onions and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes, and then add the rice and toast 1 minute. Pour in the wine and cook until evaporated, then begin adding the warm saffron liquid a few ladlefuls at a time, stirring frequently to develop the starches. The risotto will take exactly 18 minutes time from first addition of liquids. Stir in the cheese and butter and remove from the heat. For the meat and mushroom filling: Heat the stock in a small pot along with the mushrooms, and chop once reconstituted keep the liquid. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet and cook the onions to a light caramel color, then transfer to a plate. Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, raise the heat slightly and stir in the chicken livers. Sprinkle with the thyme, some salt and pepper and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the sherry and transfer the livers to a plate. Pour the EVOO into the center of the skillet. Once the oil is hot, brown the beef and sausage, breaking up the meat as it cooks. Stir in the garlic and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Return the onions and livers to the skillet along with the tomato paste, mushrooms and mushroom soaking liquid. Simmer over low heat to thicken and combine the flavors, about 3 minutes. To assemble: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix together the mozzarella, peas, basil and tomatoes in a small bowl. Grease a baking mold or ovenproof bowl with butter and dust with breadcrumbs. Fill the mold evenly with half of the risotto and top with the meat sauce. Create a small well in the center, and fill with the mozzarella, peas and tomatoes. Layer the rest of the risotto on top and smooth the surface. Dot the top with butter and remaining breadcrumbs. Bake 45 minutes. Let cool on a rack while in the mold 15 minutes before loosening the edges with an offset knife. Place a plate on top of the mold, invert, and serve., ingredients: [12 quart chicken stock, 1 generous pinch saffron threads, EVOO, as needed, 12 pound pancetta, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 14 cups Arborio or Carnaroli rice, 12 cup dry white wine, About 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups chicken stock, A handful of dried porcini mushrooms no more than 1 ounce, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 4 ounces chicken livers, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground thyme, Salt and finely ground black pepper, Splash dry sherry or marsala, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 12 ounces ground beef sirloin, 13 to 12 pound bulk hot or sweet Italian sausage or 2 links cut from casings, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, diced, 1 cup frozen peas, defrosted, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 small plum tomato, seeded and diced, Softened butter, for greasing mold, Panko breadcrumbs, for dusting], title: Risotto Timbale, picturelink: null}, 34488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Butchers twinenBegin by making the brine:nIn a large container, combine all the ingredients and stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Put the turkey breasts in the brine, making sure they are completely covered. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nTo make the turkey:nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot, sage, thyme, chili flakes, and a pinch of salt saute for 5 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumhigh. Add the pears, spreading out in a single layer. Let sit untouched for 2 minutes to brown slightly. Toss, saute 1 minute more, then remove from heat. Transfer the pear mixture to a bowl and add the walnuts, bread crumbs and chicken stock. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside to cool.nRemove the turkey breasts from brine and pat dry. Butterfly the turkey by slicing the breasts into even halves on the horizontal, leaving about 12inch, uncut at 1 edge so the breasts can open like a book. Season all over with salt and pepper, to taste. Lay a large piece of plastic wrap on a clean cutting board. Put 3 slices of bacon parallel, about 1inch apart on top of the plastic. Arrange 1 of the open turkey breasts, cut side up, lengthwise on top of the bacon. Scoop half of the stuffing onto 1 half of the turkey breast, fold over the other half, then roll the bacon around it tightly. Make sure the bacon strips lay flat against the turkey. Sprinkle the outside of the bacon with a little paprika. Wrap tightly in the plastic wrap twisting the ends to really seal in the breast to keep its shape. Repeat with remaining bacon, turkey, and stuffing. Transfer the breasts to a sheet tray and rest in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the turkey breasts from refrigerator 12 hour before you plan to cook them. Discard the plastic wrap and using 3 pieces of butchers twine, tie the twine over the center of the 3 bacon strips to secure the breasts when searing. Warm a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil. Add 1 of the turkey breasts, seam side down, into the skillet and sear until the bacon is slightly crisp and the turkey is lightly browned, about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer the turkey breast to a baking sheet lined with a rack. Sear the remaining turkey breast, using 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil and add it to the baking sheet. Put the baking sheet into the oven and bake until the turkey is cooked through and the internal temperature registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 60 minutes. Remove the turkey from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Cut away the butchers twine, slice crosswise, arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [6 cups water, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh sage, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 2pound boneless turkey breasts, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, Kosher salt, 1 ripe but slightly firm Bosc pear, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons finely chopped walnuts, 1 cup bread crumbs, 12 cup chicken stock, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 strips thick cut bacon, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: BaconWrapped Turkey Breast Stuffed with Pear Hash, picturelink: sMbvDQYWNDTjnfd0XOw1aTz4R9tItSm}, 34489: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken broth, turkey, carrot halves, celery stalk, onion halves and 1 bay leaf in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil and then simmer, about 1 12 hours.nDice the turkey meat. Make sure the meat pieces are no larger than the size of a soupspoon. If preparing the soup the next day, be sure to store leftover turkey meat in an airtight container before placing it in the refrigerator. Top with 1 or 2 ladles full of broth to keep the meat moist.nBefore straining the broth, remove the large bones and carcass with tongs. Strain the broth through a sieve covered with wet cheesecloth. Discard the solids. Transfer the broth to a bowl set in a bath of ice water, which will cool the broth quickly and help keep it fresher longer. This can be done the night before and stored in the refrigerator until the next day.nIn a large soup pot, heat the garlic in the olive oil over medium heat. Allow to brown slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the minced carrots, celery and onions. Sweat over mediumlow heat until softened, 7 or 8 minutes.nDice the leftover Thanksgiving vegetables. Add the sage to the soup pot along with the turkey broth and the remaining bay leaf. Bring to a simmer. When simmering, add the Brussels sprouts, green beans and diced turkey meat to the soup. Bring it back up to a simmer. Finally, add the sweet potatoes to the center and gently push them down. Turn the heat off and cover. Allow to sit and steam, 5 to 7 minutes. Let simmer for 5 more minutes and serve with the Mashed Potato Polpetti.nReseason the potatoes with salt and pepper. Stir in the cheese. Take a mayonnaise or peanut butter lid and line with plastic wrap to use as a mold. Pack the potato mixture into the lid, unwrap it and place the patty on a baking sheet. You may refrigerate them covered with plastic wrap until the next day, or fry immediately.nTo cook, dredge the patties in flour. Heat the oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Just before frying, dredge the patties again with flour.nAdd the patties to the oil without crowding them you may have to cook them in batches. Cook until the underside is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Flip and brown the other side. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels. Serve hot with leftover gravy. Makes 6 servings.nFrom Food Network Kitchens after further testing and to ensure the best results this recipe has been altered from what was in the actual episode., ingredients: [8 cups chicken broth, 1 turkey carcass, all meat removed, 1 carrot, halved lengthwise, plus 1 carrot, minced, 1 whole stalk celery, plus 1 stalk, minced, 1 onion, halved, plus 1 onion, minced, 2 bay leaves, 3 cups dark turkey meat, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups leftover cooked Thanksgiving side vegetables Brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, green beans, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, Mashed Potato Polpetti Patties, for serving, recipe following, 3 cups mashed potatoes, Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Leftover gravy, for serving], title: NextDay Turkey Soup with Mashed Potato Polpetti, picturelink: FTWQxCuiCgPcnmYFzJrug1EW5Cpp9C}, 34490: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together milk, eggs, sugar, orange zest, vanilla, cardamom, and salt until eggs are broken up and evenly combined. Soak 3 bread slices in egg mixture turning once, until soaked through, about 4 minutes total.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large frying pan over medium heat. When butter foams, place 3 pieces soaked bread in the pan and cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining bread. Serve topped with Honeyed Strawberries.nMix honey, vanilla, and orange juice together in a medium bowl until honey is dissolved. Add strawberries, stir to coat, and let sit until berries give off their juices, at least 5 minutes. Stir briefly before using., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon lightly packed orange zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 1inch thick slices sweet batard or brioche, 3 or 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 12 stick, Honeyed Strawberries, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds removed, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 pound strawberries, hulled, and halved lengthwise], title: CardamomOrange French Toast, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 34491: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the soy sauce, the honey, the vinegar, the gingerroot, the sesame oil, the garlic, and the cayenne, add the chicken wings, stirring to coat them with the marinade, and let them marinate, covered at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 2 hours or chill them, covered, overnight. Stir the mixture, put the wings on racks in baking pans, and sprinkle them with sesame seeds. Bake the wings in a preheated 425 degree oven for 30 minutes, or until they are golden and tender, and, if desired, broil them under a preheated broiler to about 2 inches from the heat for 1 to 2 minutes to crisp the skin. Serve the wings warm or at room temperature, ingredients: [13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced ginger root, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 3 pounds chicken wings, wing tips cut off, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Sesame Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 34492: {instructions: Cut lamb from bones, reserving bones, then cut meat into 1inch pieces.nHeat 12 tablespoon oil in a flameproof wide shallow casserole with a tightfitting lid over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Brown meat on all sides in 2 batches, transferring to a plate as browned. Brown bones and transfer to plate.nAdd remaining 12 tablespoon oil to the casserole and cook onion, stirring, until softened. Return meat and bones to pot. Stir in water, saffron, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, until lamb is tender, about 1 14 hours.nTransfer the lamb to a clean plate and add any meat from lamb bones, discarding bones. Add carrots and sweet potato to pot, then simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are barely tender, about 10 minutes.nAdd ginger, cinnamon, prunes, apricots, and squash, simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables and fruits are tender, about 5 minutes. Return lamb to stew and add honey. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds 1inch thick lamb shoulder chops, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus 12 tablespoon, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 12 cups water, Pinch saffron threads, crumbled, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 large carrots, cut into 14inch thick rounds, 1 small sweet potato, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 23 cup pitted prunes, 12 cup dried apricots, 1 medium yellow squash, cut into 34inch pieces, 2 teaspoons honey, optional, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Lamb Tagine with Prunes, Apricots, and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 34493: {instructions: With a food mill puree the leeks, carrots, and potatoes. Transfer the puree to a saucepan. Add enough broth to turn the puree into a souplike consistency and bring to a simmer. If desired, add heavy cream to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle into soup bowls and garnish with snipped chives., ingredients: [Half of cooked leeks, carrots, and potatoes, Broth to thin, Heavy cream, optional, Snipped chives, for garnish], title: Second Time Around Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 34494: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Egg Ideas, picturelink: null}, 34495: {instructions: Fill a large pot with 2inches of water and place a steamer inside. Bring water to a boil. Add string beans and cover for 5 minutes, or until beans are cooked throughout but still crisp to the bite. If you dont have a steamer, toss beans in a large pot of boiling water for 4 minutes.nThoroughly drain water then return beans to the emptied pot. Let beans sit, uncovered, for 2 minutes so that any water coating them has evaporated. Pour out any accumulated water.nMelt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 3 minutes, or until melted butter has turned golden brown this adds a slightly nutty flavor. Remove from heat and add lemon juice and beans and toss thoroughly. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss again., ingredients: [1 12 pounds string beans, stems trimmed, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Green Beans Tossed in Browned Butter, picturelink: null}, 34496: {instructions: Have toppings individual shallow bowls. Peel bananas and cut into 1 12 to 2inch pieces. Put chocolate chips in top of double boiler over simmering water. Stir contstantly until chocolate is melted taking care to avoid any water from getting into chocolate. Once melted, remove chocolate from the heat. With a fork, dip banana pieces, one at a time into chocolate until coated, then dip into desired topping and place on parchment lined, freezer safe dish. Freeze until set, ingredients: [4 bananas, 1 12ounce bag chocolate chips, 34 cup each, shredded coconut, chopped peanuts, or other desired toppings], title: Sammys Chocolate Covered Bananas, picturelink: null}, 34497: {instructions: Even though crab meat is packaged fresh and clean of shell there are always some shell fragments remaining. Open the crab meat, dump into a clean dish, and with scrupulously clean hands, pick through and clean the crabmeat of all shell fragments. Be careful of the delicate nature of such a high quality product and try not to crumble the large lumps of crab. Mix the crabmeat with the sweet peppers, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro leaves, and mayonnaise. Add the seasoning powder, 4 tablespoons of the bread crumbs, salt, and pepper. Mix well then refrigerate the mixture for twenty minutes. A cold mix is easier to work with and form into cakes.nCover a work surface with waxed paper and sprinkle with half of the remaining bread crumbs. Scoop up and divide the crabmeat into 6 equalsize portions and place each mound on the work space. With the a portion of crab in the palm of one hand pat the crab with the fingers of your other hand into a diskshaped cake approximately 34inch thick. It is important for the crab cakes to be the same thickness so that they will cook uniformly. Pat each cake with the bread crumbs, turning them so they coat evenly on all sides. Refrigerate for at least an hour so that the firm enough to cook and in this way prevent them from crumbling.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees.nNot more than half an hour before you plan to serve the crab cakes add enough oil to cover the bottom of a saute pan. Heat until just before it begins to smoke. Add the crab cakes gently, being careful not to crowd the pan. Cook them in two batches if necessary. Turn the cakes and brown the second side. When the crab cakes are well browned to a rich golden on both sides, place on a heat proof platter and into a 375 degree oven for 6 to 8 minutes to ensure that they are fully cooked and hot at the center. Serve with chili mayonnaise and a mango salad., ingredients: [1 pound fresh jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 sweet red pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 sweet yellow pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh garlic, 1 to 2 jalapeno peppers, finely chopped, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons Maryland style Old Bay brand seasoning powder, 1 teaspoon each of salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil or vegetable oil for sauteing], title: Crabcakes and Seafood Sausage, picturelink: null}, 34498: {instructions: Place lemon juice, garlic, mustard, mayonnaise, anchovies, red wine vinegar, salt, and a good amount of freshly ground black pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and blend until emulsified. Add the grated cheese and blend for a few seconds to incorporate.nPlace spinach in a large bowl, add dressing, and toss to coat each leaf. Add Flatbread Croutons and toss again. Top with shaved Parmesan and serve immediately.nFlatten flatbread dough, gently press into a large rectangle, brush liberally with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and throw on grill. Grill on both sides until golden brown. Cut into strips about 2 to 3 inches long and 14inch wide.nMix water and yeast in a large bowl and let stand 5 minutes to proof. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour and stir to incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered, for at least 1 hour.nPut sponge in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the dough hook, add the salt and oil, then add the flour, 12 cup at a time, to form a dough. Remove from bowl and knead. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 2 12 hours. Divide dough into 4 balls, if desired, let rise again for 12 hour, and then roll out as desired., ingredients: [14 cup fresh Meyer lemon juice or 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice combined with 1 tablespoon orange juice, 4 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 3 anchovy fillets, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for shaving, 1pound baby spinach, washed and dried, Flatbread Croutons, recipe follows, 1 recipe flatbread, recipe follows, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 12 teaspoon active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil, plus more for bowl], title: Spinach Salad with Meyer Lemon Caesar Dressing and Flatbread Croutons, picturelink: null}, 34499: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Make 2 lengthwise slits in leek and rinse it in a bowl of water. Arrange leeks in a gratin pan. In a sauce pan combine water, olive oil, marjoram, cinnamon, red wine vinegar, oregano and salt to taste. Bring liquid to a boil and simmer 10 minutes. Pour liquid over leeks to just cover. Arrange a piece of foil over dish and bake 35 minutes, or until tender. Transfer leeks to a serving plate. Reduce cooking liquid to 12 cup and strain over leeks. Chill, covered, 2 hours or overnight. Before serving, garnish with tomatoes, olives, cheese and fresh herbs.nRecommended Drink: Ouzo, ingredients: [1 pound leeks, white and pale green parts only, cut into 7inch lengths, 2 cups water, 14 cup olive oil, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, or 12 teaspoon dried, Salt to taste, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 13 cup Calamata olives, pitted and halved, 1412 pound Feta cheese, crumbled, Minced fresh marjoram and oregano to taste], title: Leeks a la Grecque, picturelink: null}}