{34800: {instructions: Heat a cast iron grill pan over high heat until smoking hot, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cut the sourdough bread into thick rustic slices and drizzle both sides with plenty of olive oil. Put on the grill and pressing down gently so they pick up nice even grill marks. Grill until crispy and toasted, about 45 seconds per side., ingredients: [1 loaf sourdough, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Toasted Sourdough, picturelink: Hi6c1XIT6NZ2w6u0JESx0BlkR8t0JG}, 34801: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrush the nacho cheese chips, reserving 1 whole chip for garnish. Place the chip crumbs on a baking sheet and toast until dark, 5 to 10 minutes add the sea salt and let cool. Rim a martini glass with agave, then coat the rim of the glass with the chip crumbles.nAdd the mezcal, lime juice and Simple Syrup to a cocktail shaker with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into the prepared glass and garnish with the reserved nacho cheese chip.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [14 cup nacho cheese chips, Pinch sea salt, 1 tablespoon agave, for rimming, 2 ounces mezcal, 1 ounce lime juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar], title: Mezcalita, picturelink: BGbFDl9MTVRnoWa8DkWMcILpg2vQ22C}, 34802: {instructions: Roast the jalapenos in a skillet or over an open flame until the skin is blackened and charred. Wrap in damp paper towels, and set aside until cool enough to handle.nOnce cooled, remove the skin of each pepper by rubbing with dry paper towels. Use a vegetable peeler or paring knife to remove extra stubborn pieces. Remove the stems and slice each in half to remove the seeds and ribs. Place the peppers, 1 cup of the lime juice and the horseradish into a blender, and then blend until smooth. In an extralarge pitcher or beverage dispenser, stir the pepper mix, the remaining 1 cup lime juice and the tomato juice until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo serve, pour 12 cup drink mix and 1 12 cups or one 12ounce can beer over ice., ingredients: [4 jalapenos, 2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 1 gallon tomato juice, 3 gallons pilsner or pale lager], title: Long Haul Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 34803: {instructions: In a large saucepan, cook the bacon until crisp. Remove the bacon, crumble, and set aside to use as a topping for the peas. Saute the onion in the bacon drippings until tender. Add the peas, diced tomatoes and green chiles, salt, chili powder, pepper and water. Cover and cook over medium heat for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the peas are tender. Add additional water, if necessary. Serve garnished with crumbled bacon., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 1 medium onion, chopped, One 16ounce package dried blackeyed peas, washed, One 12ounce can diced tomatoes and green chiles, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups water], title: Spicy BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: PJGFb8pCByYlUrVdMLS2I1YFDNO16K}, 34804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F.nThinly slice the potatoes lengthwise 18inch thick. Arrange potatoes in a single layer on nonstick baking sheet. Brush the potatoes with extravirgin olive oil, rosemary and grill seasoning. Bake potatoes turning once 25 minutes until crisp., ingredients: [2 large Idaho potatoes, scrubbed, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, for brushing potatoes, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning], title: Roasted Thick Potato Chips, picturelink: oG0GuR7SzGG.zT6wv.9ELMj.eLwOGW}, 34805: {instructions: Slice about 1inch from the bottom of the asparagus stalks. Place stalks in a jar of water to rehydrate for several hours.nCover an outdoor grill with aluminum foil. Preheat grill to high heat.nIn a large bowl, toss asparagus with thyme and olive oil until all the asparagus is coated. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace asparagus on the foilcovered grill and cook until tender, rotating frequently to avoid scorching, about 6 to 7 minutes. Place asparagus on a platter and sprinkle with the feta., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled feta], title: Grilled Asparagus with Feta, picturelink: null}, 34806: {instructions: Draw the design you would like to make on a piece of paper. Transfer the design to foam board and cut out the pieces. It is helpful to construct a 3D version of your centerpiece before you make it from chocolate. You can make any design and any size you like. My centerpiece design included a large moon with a flame and other flame pieces. Then I made a total of 4 thin single flames and 4 thick double flame pieces. The tallest flames I made were about 28 inches long with 3 progressively shorter flames. Trace the foam board design onto the rubber mat and cut out the moon design to make the template. Repeat to make the flame designs. Make the moon design and the flames in dark chocolate: Place the rubber mat moon design cut out on a parchment paper lined surface. Use a ladle to fill the cut out with chocolate. Allow the chocolate to set. When the chocolate has set, peel away the mat. Repeat to make other flame pieces. Make a base: Use flexible aluminum strips or cake ring to form a base. The base I made was 10 inches in diameter. Place it on a parchment paper lined surface. Pour tempered dark chocolate inside the ring to form a 38inchthick layer. When the chocolate has set, remove the ring and peel off the parchment paper. Make the chocolate plate: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered dark chocolate over a 10inch sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a paring knife to trace around an 8inch cake circle. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Make the white chocolate moon design and the thin flames: Use the templates for the moon and flames as a guide and draw slightly thinner versions of these things onto acetate. Cut out the acetate pieces. Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of white chocolate over the acetate pieces. When the chocolate has set, remove acetate from the chocolate piece and place each one on top of its existing dark version. Use tempered chocolate to glue each 1 into place. Use an airbursh to paint the white chocolate pieces red.nMake the chocolate flowers: Each flower consists of about 13 or more petals. Some petals are about 3inches long while others are about 4 inches long. I used a lot of flower petals so I made my own petal templates. To do this, I drew the shape of the petal at 1 end of a piece of plastic like plastic from the side of a bucket that was about 10 inches long and 5 inches wide. Repeat to draw as many petals as will fit on the plastic. Use an Xacto knife to cut out the petals. Repeat to make another template for the 3inch petals. Place the template on a piece of parchment paper. Use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over the template. Let the chocolate set slightly. Lift the template from the chocolate. Place the parchment paper over a rolling pin to give the petals a slight curve. You will need petals of varying degrees of curves. Make as many petals as you will need to make as many flowers as your design requires. Assemble the flowers: I used a plastic dome mold to give my flowers their final shape. You could also use a small glass bowl. Place a small dollop of white chocolate in the bottom of the mold. Add petals resting the ends in the chocolate and the tops along the side of the bowl. Add another layer. Continue this process to make as big of a flower as you like. I used the petals with the sharpest curve for the inside layer. When the chocolate has set, pop the finished flower out of the mold. Use an airbrush to paint the flower. Assemble the centerpiece: Use tempered chocolate to adhere the moon design to the base. Use more chocolate to adhere the flames to the base. I glued 1 flame slightly behind the moon design piece and the other slightly in front of the piece. Use more tempered chocolate to glue the flower to the base at the front. Determine the points at which the chocolate plate will rest inside the base of the moon design. Use a hot paring knife to create a 90degree indentation on the inside of the moon. To do this, heat the knife under very hot water and wipe it dry. Hold the knife blade against the side of the chocolate where you want to make the cut. Do not press on the knife or the chocolate will break. Allow the heat of the knife to cut through the chocolate by melting it. Create the same type of indentation on the plate where it will rest near the tip of the moon. Balance the plate into the spot you have created using the tempered chocolate to glue it into place. If you are using this as a dessert display, place any dessert that you have on the chocolate plate.nSources: Chocolate Melter: Demarle New Jersey, Demarle.com Chocolate Cold Spray: PCB in France 011 33 0388 587333 Foam board: any art supply store Rubber mat material: hardware store, ingredients: [5 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 3 pounds white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, as desired], title: Chocolate Moonscape Centerpiece, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 34807: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nTo make the granola, toss the hazelnuts, cashews, oatmeal, almonds, coconut, oil, and honey together in a large bowl until they are completely combined. Pour onto a sheet pan and bake, stirring occasionally with a metal spatula, until the mixture turns an even golden brown, about 20 minutes.nRemove the granola from the oven, scrape the pan with the spatula to loosen the granola, and allow to cool, stirring once., ingredients: [1 cup roasted hazelnuts, roughly chopped, 1 cup roasted cashews, roughly chopped, 1 cup oldfashioned oatmeal, 12 cup sliced or slivered almonds, 12 cup sweetened, shredded coconut, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Roasted Hazelnut Granola, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 34808: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large saute pan with extravirgin olive oil. Add the 3 smashed garlic cloves and the crushed red pepper and bring to a medium heat. When the garlic is brown and very aromatic remove the garlic and discard. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the fennel, season with salt, and saute for 3 to 4 minutes or until the fennel is wilted and soft but does not have any color. Add the shrimp and white wine and season with salt. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes or until the wine has evaporated. Taste for seasoning and add salt if needed. Reserve.nToast or grill each piece of bread and rub with the whole garlic clove. Drizzle each toast generously with extravirgin olive oil and top with the shrimpfennel mixture. Garnish with fennel fronds. Serve warm or at room temperature.nTry not to eat them all yourself., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 3 smashed and 1 whole, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 bulb fennel, shaved thin on a Japanese mandolin and tossed with the juice of 12 a lemon, 14 cup fennel fronds, reserved, Kosher salt, 12 pound 21 to 25 shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut in 12 lengthwise, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 baguette, cut into 12 inch slices on the bias], title: Shrimp and Fennel Crostini, picturelink: WjnHXjHWF.AfTguSEanm9uMJZKwRoQO}, 34809: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh and lightly oil the grate.nArrange the corn on the grates, and let them cook through and char, turning frequently, approximately 15 minutes. Rub the grilled corn with the limes, and season them with fivespice powder, and salt, to taste., ingredients: [4 ears corn, husked, 2 limes, halved, 1 tablespoon fivespice powder, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Corn with Five Spice and Lime, picturelink: null}, 34810: {instructions: Churn the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade a couple of seconds until well blended. Tap half the mixture onto a large piece of waxed paper and reserve.nScatter half the butter evenly over the dry ingredients in the processor and pulse 6 to 8 times. Pulse quickly 3 to 5 times more until the mixture is about the texture of lentils. Empty the mixture into a large mixing bowl.nReturn the reserved dry mixture to the food processor, scatter the remaining butter evenly on top, and cut in as before. Add to the mixture in the bowl.nToss the 2 batches together well, then spoon into a large zipper freezer bag, press out the air, and seal. Label, date and store in the freezer. This quick cake mix will last at least 2 months in the freezer, 1 week to 10 days in the refrigerator.nScoop out the frozen mix u00bf no need to thaw u00bf and use as individual recipes direct., ingredients: [4 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks icecold butter, diced no substitute], title: Quick Cake Mix, picturelink: null}, 34811: {instructions: Special equipment: 9 by 3inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare the springform pan by coating it in a thin layer with 2 tablespoons of the softened butter. Add the cocoa powder to the pan and tap the sides to coat the bottom and sides evenly. Discard any excess cocoa powder. Put the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven on the center rack until just fragrant, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer immediately to a kitchen towel to stop them from cooking. Use the towel to rub off the skins. Set aside to cool. Lower the oven to 350 degrees F.nFill a 1 to 2quart pot with about 1 inch of water and bring it to a bare simmer over medium heat. Place the dark chocolate pieces into a heatproof bowl and set it over the pot and simmering water this is a bainmarie. The water should not touch the bottom of the bowl. Let the chocolate melt, and then stir gently. Remove from the heat when melted.nChop the hazelnuts into small pieces using a chefs knife or a food processor. Make sure you dont turn them into powder. Whip the egg whites with an electric mixer with the salt until they are almost at stiff peaks. Try not to overwhip. Mix together the remaining 5 tablespoons butter with the chocolate hazelnut spread in a large bowl with a wooden spoon. Stir in the espresso. Add the yolks and stir briskly to combine. Stir in the chopped hazelnuts and melted chocolate. Add onefourth of the whipped egg whites to the chocolate hazelnut mixture and stir to lighten the batter. Then gently fold the rest of the egg whites into the batter in 3 additions. Dont overfold. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan.nBake on the center rack of the oven until the sides of the cake start releasing from edges of the pan, 40 minutes. This cake is almost a hazelnut fudge, so no need to poke with a toothpick to check if the inside is ready or not. The cake will come out of the oven nice and fluffy and souffled, but it will deflate to half the size during its cooloff period. Serve garnished with some powdered sugar and whipped or cream or gelato, if using., ingredients: [7 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for greasing pan, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 cup hazelnuts, 3 ounces chocolate I like to use dark chocolate 65 to 75percent, broken into pieces, 6 large eggs, separated, 14 teaspoon sea salt I like the salt from Trapani, 13 ounces chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 2 tablespoons espresso, Powdered Sugar, for dusting, Sweetened whipped cream, optional, Gelato, optional], title: Hazelnut Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 34812: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the processed cheese, Cheddar, Monterey Jack and mozzarella. Set aside. Heat the oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking into very small pieces with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage using a slotted spoon to a plate. Leave the drippings behind in the pot. Add the jalapenos to the drippings and continue to cook, stirring, until the pepper has softened, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour into the pot and continue to cook until lightly toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chili powder and cumin and continue to cook until well incorporated to the flour mixture, 30 seconds longer. Slowly pour in the milk and cook, whisking occasionally, until smooth and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the cheese mix a handful at a time. Cook, whisking until smooth. You can add the next handful once the previous handful has melted about halfway. Remove from the heat and stir in the browned sausage, 12 teaspoon salt and the pico de gallo. Taste and adjust the seasonings and heat with additional salt and hot sauce. Serve warm with chips for dipping and extra pico de gallo on the side., ingredients: [8 ounces processed cheese block, such as Velveeta, diced, 2 ounces freshly grated sharp Cheddar about 34 cup, 2 ounces freshly grated Monterey Jack about 34 cup, 2 ounces freshly grated mozzarella about 12 cup, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 ounces bulk pork sausage, 1 jalapeno, seeded, if desired, and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup prepared pico de gallo, plus extra for serving, Kosher salt, Hot sauce, Corn chips, for dipping], title: Chili Con Queso, picturelink: null}, 34813: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and curry paste and cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, coconut milk and fish sauce cover and bring to a boil.nAdd the bell peppers and noodles and simmer, uncovered, until the noodles are al dente, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken and simmer until just cooked through, about 3 more minutes. Stir in the lime juice and cilantro. Add more fish sauce and lime juice, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons green curry paste, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15ounce can coconut milk, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, plus more to taste, 2 red bell peppers, thinly sliced, 4 ounces thin rice noodles, broken into pieces, 2 small skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 pound, very thinly sliced crosswise, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, plus more to taste, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro], title: Thai Chicken Soup, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 34814: {instructions: To make Bloody Bull:nRub prechilled glass rims in bowl of fennel spice rub or your favorite spice rub. Pour a beer in each glass, top with bull mix. Stir with a spoon and serve.nTo make Fennel Spice Rub:nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nTo make Bloody Bull Mix:nCombine tomato juice, scallion jalapeno, horseradish, lemon juice, garlic and salt and pepper in a blender. Blend until smooth. Pour in a pitcher and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Fennel Spice Rub, recipe follows, or your favorite spice rub, 6 chilled beers, 4 cups Bloody Bull Mix, recipe follows, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 quart tomato juice, 1 scallion, roughly chopped, 1 jalapeno with seeds, stemmed, 2 tablespoons grated fresh horseradish, or to taste, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, Grey salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bloody Bull, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 34815: {instructions: Cut apples and onions into quarters. Remove seeds from apples and set aside. Rinse duck with cold water and pat dry. Discard giblets and organ meats. Trim all loose fat from the inner cavity. Stuff cavity with apples and onions. Sprinkle duck liberally with salt and pierce skin in several places with a fork.nPlace the duck, breast side up, in a roast holder which is placed in a drip pan for gas grill in the center of the cooking grate. Cook 1 12 to 2 hours, piercing the underside of the duck every 30 minutes to remove excess fat. When the duck juices run clear, and the internal temperature is 170 to 180 degrees F, remove from grill and let rest for 15 minutes. Remove apples and onions from duck cavity and place on cooking grate to crisp. Serve duck with the grilled apples and onions while still warm., ingredients: [1 duck, 4 to 5 pounds, 1 tablespoon sea salt or kosher salt, 2 crisp tart apples, such as Granny Smith, unpeeled, 3 yellow onions, peeled], title: Grilled Crispy Duck Stuffed with Apples and Onions, picturelink: null}, 34816: {instructions: Make the hash: Put the potatoes into a small pot, cover with water, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook the potatoes until fork tender, about 10 minutes, and drain them well. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the salmon, cooked potatoes, and dill. Raise the heat to high and cook an additional 10 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally, until the potatoes begin to brown. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper.nMake the pancake: Mix the flour, salt, pepper, and sugar in a bowl. Add the beaten eggs, oil, and chives and whisk until the batter is smooth. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. When hot, pour the batter into the skillet about 14cup at a time. Flip the pancakes when small bubbles form on the top and the bottom is golden brown. Repeat with the remaining batter.nMake the egg: Using the same pancake skillet, melt a tablespoon of butter over high heat and crack the eggs into the skillet. Allow to become firm before flipping. Cook 30 more secondsnTo serve: Place a pancake on a plate, top with some of the hash, and slide an egg onto the hash. Garnish with a sprig of fresh dill., ingredients: [2 red potatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 4 ounces smoked salmon, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill, Kosher or sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, Fresh dill, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon Hash with Fried Egg and Chive Pancake, picturelink: null}, 34817: {instructions: Butter a 1 12quart bowl and line it with plastic wrap. Slice a disk from the Pan di Spagna and cut the rest into 2 large wedges. Cut the wedges into thin slices and line the bowl with them. Sprinkle with the Strega. Reserve the disk to cover the filling later on.nCombine the ricotta and confectioners sugar in the food processor and process until smooth, about 2 minutes. Combine the Strega and gelatin and allow to soak until the liquid is absorbed, then place over simmering water to melt. Whisk the dissolved gelatin into the ricotta mixture. Whip the cream and fold it into the mixture. Fold in the almonds.nPour the filling into the prepared mold and cover with the reserved slice of the Pan di Spagna. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until set, about 6 hours. Invert the Zuccotto on the platter and remove the bowl and plastic wrap.nFor the meringue, combine egg whites and sugar in the bowl of electric mixer and place over a pan of simmering water, whisking constantly, until egg whites are hot and sugar is dissolved. Whip on mixer until cooled and increased in volume.nSpread meringue on outside of dessert. Pipe on a decoration of remaining meringue with a pastry bag fitted with a medium star tube. Place Zuccotto in 400 degree oven for about 5 minutes to color meringue. Chill before serving., ingredients: [1 9 or 10inch Pan di Spagna, baked and cooled, Butter for the mold, 1 pound ricotta, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons Strega liqueur or other sweet liqueur, plus extra for sprinkling over Pan di Spagna, 1 envelope gelatin, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons chopped, toasted slivered almonds, 34 cup egg whites whites of 6 large eggs, 1 cup sugar], title: Zuccotto alla Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 34818: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks, garlic and turkey and cook, stirring, until the turkey browns slightly, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 2 cups water and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Increase the heat to high, bring the sauce to a boil and cook 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add half of the basil and the parmesan rind and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Stir the halfandhalf, the remaining basil and 2 tablespoons cheese into the sauce. Add the pasta and toss to coat, adding some of the reserved pasta water to loosen, if needed. Remove the parmesan rind and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the pasta among bowls. Top with the remaining 1 tablespoon cheese and more basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces ground turkey, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup fresh basil, chopped, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus the rind optional, 12 ounces penne, 2 tablespoons halfandhalf], title: Penne With Turkey Ragu, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 34819: {instructions: Place 6 glasses in the refrigerator.nIn a large bowl, combine the berries, vinegar and sugar. Stir gently. Cover securely with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nSpoon the berries into the chilled glasses. Garnish with a sprig of fresh mint., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, hulled and cut in half, 1 pint blueberries, 1 pint raspberries, 1 tablespoon good balsamic vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Very Berry Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 34820: {instructions: Blend the artichokes, parsley, nuts, lemon peel, lemon juice, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in a food processor, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally, until the artichokes are very finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually pour in 14 cup oil. Continue blending until the pesto is creamy. Season the pesto, to taste, with more salt and pepper.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large bowl until light and fluffy.nSpray a 2 to 3 cup bowl with nonstick spray. Line the bowl with plastic wrap, extending the plastic over the sides. Spread enough cream cheese mixture evenly over the bottom of the prepared bowl to form a 12inch layer. Top with enough pesto to form a 12inch layer. Repeat layering the remaining cream cheese mixture and pesto. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 2 days.nInvert the torta onto a platter and remove the plastic. Garnish with parsley sprigs. Serve with bread, crackers, and vegetables., ingredients: [1 13 to 14ounce can whole artichoke hearts, rinsed well, drained, and patted dry, 1 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, Nonstick cooking spray, Italian parsley sprigs, for garnish, Assorted breads and crackers, to serve, Assorted cutup fresh vegetables, to serve such as bell peppers, cucumbers, celery, endive leaves, and carrots], title: Artichoke Pesto Torta, picturelink: null}, 34821: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot and saute the onion until soft. Add the Basic Chicken Stock, garlic, bay leaf, oregano, peppercorns, and chiltepin and simmer for 1 hour.nWhile the soup is simmering, fill a deep saucepan with corn oil to a depth of 2 inches and heat to 375 degrees F. If you dont have an oil thermometer, heat the oil until a piece of tortilla dropped in the oil sizzles immediately, but dont let the oil start smoking. Fry the tortillas strips until golden brown and crisp. Drain strips on paper towels. Alternative method: If you prefer not to deepfry, brush the tortillas lightly with oil before cutting them into strips, and bake on a cookie sheet in a preheated 350 degree F oven until dry and crisp.nWhen the soup has simmered 1 hour, puree 1 12 cups of the Salsa Fresca and add it to the soup. Remove from the heat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nDivide the fried tortilla strips into 6 wide soup bowls. Add 2 or 3 slices of avocado, a lime wedge, and some grated cheese to each bowl. Pour in the hot broth, add a dollop of salsa, and serve immediately, with the additional lime wedges on the side.nPut all the ingredients in a large pot and add water to cover. Bring to a boil, skimming off the foam that comes to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer, skimming occasionally, for 2 hours. Strain and discard the bones and vegetables. You may wish to refrigerate the broth and skim off fat before using in a recipe, or freezing.nMix all the ingredients together. For best results, let salsa stand at least half an hour before serving or incorporating into recipe. Use within 24 hours. The Vinaigrette calls for 1 cup. Enjoy the remaining 2 cups in Tortilla Soup or just with chips., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 8 cups Basic Chicken Stock, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 or 4 peppercorns, 2 fresh chiltepin chiles, see Cooks Note, Corn oil, for frying, 4 corn tortillas, cut in strips, 2 cups Salsa Fresca, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe avocado, sliced thin, 1 lime, cut in 12 wedges, 34 cup grated Monterey jack cheese, 5 pounds chicken bones necks and backs, 4 onions, halved use skins too, if clean, 4 carrots, 2 ribs of celery, 1 bunch of parsley, rinsed, 2 tomatoes, 4 bay leaves, 12 peppercorns, 1 12 pounds tomatoes, cored, seeded, and cut into 12inch dice, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno or serrano chile, seeded, deveined, and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 34822: {instructions: Special equipment: Waxed paper 1 large craft sticknHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease and flour 2 1 12quart ovensafe bowls. Combine the first 6 ingredients in a large bowl mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, beat together the remaining cake ingredients, then add this mixture to the dry ingredients, and beat until well mixed. Pour the batter into the prepared bowls and bake for 60 to 70 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.nAllow the cakes to cool in the bowls for 10 minutes, then remove them from the bowls, and set them inverted on wire racks to cool completely. Once they have cooled, turn over the cakes and use a long knife to even the tops.nTo make the topping, place the caramel candies and water in a medium bowl and microwave on high power for 1 minute. Stir, then heat 30 to 45 seconds more until the mixture is smooth and forms a slow, thick ribbon when dropped from a spoon.nLayer the cakes flat sides together, using a few spoonfuls of the caramel to help hold them in place. Pour the remaining sauce over the cake. The caramel will run down the sides of the cake to cover it completely, or you can spread it with a knife while its still warm. Let the caramel set for about 20 minutes before pressing the walnuts onto the bottom half of the craft stick with waxed paper and insert the covered end into the top of the cake. Refrigerate or serve immediately., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon allspice, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 2 cups unsweetened applesauce, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 60 caramel candies, 2 tablespoons water, 34 cup walnuts, toasted and finely chopped, Waxed paper, 1 large craft stick], title: Caramel Apple Cake, picturelink: null}, 34823: {instructions: In a saucepan add a touch of olive oil, plum tomatoes, 3 shallots and 4 cloves of garlic and cook until shallots are translucent. Add white wine and juice of 2 lemons. Bring to boil, reduce heat, let cook three minutes. Remove from heat and add all ingredients to blender and puree. This process may require being done in steps so that blender does not overflow. Strain pureed ingredients through chinoise, throw out pulp, reserve broth. Bring broth back up to at least 110 degrees. Place in a clean blender, add cubed butter with blender on high to emulsify, thicken sauce, season to taste.nIn a large pot bring to boil salted water and then cook pasta to al dente, refresh in ice bath and set aside. Toss in 1 tablespoon olive oil until ready to serve.nIn a blender, add 2 cloves of garlic, 1 shallot, basil, parsley and watercress, juice of the 1 remaining lemon, cover blender, turn on high. Slowly add 1 cup olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt  add fresh cracked black pepper a lot, briefly turn blender on. Transfer contents into a squirt bottle and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPlace 1 saute pan over high heat until it smokes.nIn another saute pan place 1 teaspoon of olive oil, add 3 ounces of pasta, then 4 ounces of tomato sauce, check for seasoning of salt and pepper to taste.nIn smoking pan, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Season scallops with kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, then add to hot oil. Sear deeply until warm brown color turn each scallop over and finish in a 375 degree oven for 3 minutes. In desired plate or bowl place pasta with sauce, when scallops are done arrange them on top of pasta. Liberally swizzle pesto over plate and garnish with purple basil sprig., ingredients: [4 shallots, diced, 6 cloves garlic, 1 cup white wine, Juice of 3 lemons, 14 pound or 1 stick butter cubed, 4 ounces of fresh pasta of choice linguine, fettuccine, 1 bunch of basil, stems removed, 1 bunch of parsley, stems removed, 1 bunch of watercress, stems removed, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil plus 3 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 10 to 20 dry pack sea scallops, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Sprig of fresh purple basil, Olive oil, 12 plum tomatoes, diced], title: Pan Seared Scallops with a Light Plum Tomato Sauce and a Basil Pesto, picturelink: null}, 34824: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the apples in a small baking dish. In a small bowl, mix together the granola, sugar, coconut oil and cinnamon. Spoon the granola mixture into the apples. Pour the cider around the apples in the dish, loosely cover the dish with foil and bake, basting occasionally, until the apples are tender when pierced with a fork, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [4 large apples, such as Honey Crisp, cored, 1 cup oatfree granola, 2 tablespoons coconut sugar, 2 tablespoons coconut oil or unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup apple cider], title: GranolaStuffed Baked Apples, picturelink: IcIuddgeBEe6p44vFCKJ1Q3rh726Gha}, 34825: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the tomatoes into wedges. Whisk together the olive oil, sherry vinegar and mustard until the dressing emulsifies. Coat the tomato wedges in the dressing and sprinkle over the parsley and pancetta., ingredients: [4 tomatoes, 34 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Handful chopped parsley, Generous handful cubed, panfried pancetta], title: E.A.T. Tomato Salad, picturelink: Lw31BW7p9MY5brjTAvBr2M26wGMgsfq}, 34826: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWhisk together the eggs and ricotta in large mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and stir for a few seconds, until fragrant. Add the eggricotta mixture and cook, stirring gently, until it starts to set, a few minutes. Transfer to the oven and bake until nearly set, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in another medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage to the pan, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon cook until cooked through and browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the onions, peppers and mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and let cook for a few minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside until ready to use.nRemove the frittata from the oven and spoon the pizza sauce over the top. Top with the sausage mixture, pepperoni, mozzarella and Parmesan. Return to the oven and bake until cheese has melted, another 8 to 10 minutes.nLet the frittata cool in the pan for a few minutes before sliding it out onto a cutting board. Cut into slices and serve.nAdd the tomatoes, olive oil, salt, basil and oregano to a food processor and puree until smooth. Pour the sauce into a medium saucepot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and hold at a simmer until ready to use., ingredients: [8 eggs, 1 12 cups sheeps milk ricotta, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, grated or minced, 1 link Italian sausage, removed from casing, 12 small yellow onion, diced, 1 cubanelle pepper, sliced or chopped, 4 crimini mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 12 cup Pizza Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup diced pepperoni, 34 cup shredded mozzarella, 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, One 14ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, Drizzle of good olive oil, Pinch salt, 3 to 4 fresh basil leaves, torn, 12 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Ricotta Frittata Supreme Pizza, picturelink: d8nUcW3d7B2JXO3x1nvQGh2qHROeZAS}, 34827: {instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients in a heavy, large saucepan. Cook over mediumlow heat until mixture thickens and rice is very tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour.nReduce heat to low. Whisk egg yolks and cream together in a small bowl. Gradually whisk 12 cup rice mixture into egg mixture return mixture to the saucepan and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly do not let boil. Remove from the heat. Add white chocolate and stir until melted. Stir in the orange zest and cinnamon. Transfer pudding to a large bowl, cover, and chill until cold. Serve in bowls or large goblets with Warm Cherry Sauce, whipped cream, and toasted almonds on top, or layer in parfait glasses.nBring preserves and cinnamon to a simmer in a medium saucepan over low heat. Remove from the heat, add the kirsch, and carefully ignite with a long match or just warm through., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 23 cup longgrain white rice, 23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons whipping cream, 4 ounces goodquality white chocolate recommended: Lindt or Valrhona, chopped, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Warm Cherry Sauce, recipe follows, Whipped cream, for garnish, optional, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, for garnish, 1 cup cherry preserves, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons kirsch cherry brandy], title: White Chocolate Rice Pudding with Cherries Jubilee and Sliced Almonds, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 34828: {instructions: Debeard the mussels if needed. Scrub the clams if they feel too gritty, soak them in very salty ice water to expel the grit. Cut the snapper into 2inch pieces. Set seafood aside.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat 14 cup of olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add ginger, half of the garlic, and the onion. When the mixture becomes fragrant, add the red and yellow bell pepper and the tomato and cook for 5 minutes. Turn heat to the lowest setting and cover.nIn a 3quart saucepan, heat the remaining olive oil over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add remaining garlic, juice from 1 lime, clams, mussels and 12 cup clam broth. Cover pan and allow mixture to cook for 7 minutes. Uncover shellfish and discard any clams and mussels that have not opened. Add 12 of the cilantro, the saffron, snapper pieces, the jalapeno, banana, and the bell pepper mixture from the skillet. Stir to combine, making sure there is enough liquid, if not add more clam broth, then cover and cook for 6 to 8 minutes. The banana will thicken the soup and will impart a sweet taste to counter the limes sour taste. Banana should completely break down during the cooking. Add coconut milk and turn the heat off. Cover and reserve.nUncover the soup, sprinkle with remaining cilantro. Portion into bowls be sure to remove the jalapeno pepper and serve with lots of crusty bread and the lime wedges., ingredients: [1 12 pounds mussels, 1 12 pounds clams, 1 12 pounds red snapper fillets swordfish or any other firm white fish can be used, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated ginger, 1 cup finely minced garlic about 2 heads, 1 cup finely minced sweet onion about 2 small onions, 1 medium red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 medium yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 1 medium tomato, finely diced, 12 to 1 cup clam broth, 4 limes, 1 juiced and 3 cut into wedges for serving, 3 tablespoons cilantro leaves, finely minced, 1 12 teaspoons saffron threads, 1 jalapeno or serrano pepper, 1 very ripe banana, thinly sliced, 2 cups light coconut milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Garlic Seafood Soup, picturelink: eTLgnerDMQ.CJNs5ny6EVoDghV8Aiy}, 34829: {instructions: Special equipment: a sandwich pressnIn a small bowl, combine the mascarpone, powdered sugar and lemon zest. Mix until well combined and the mascarpone is smooth.nAssemble the sandwiches by placing 1 tablespoon blueberry preserves in the center of 4 of the pieces of bread. Using two tablespoons, place a heaped tablespoon of the mascarpone mixture on top, and then place a slice of bread on top of each.nHeat the sandwich press over an open flame gas, or if youre camping, a fire pit. Remove from the heat, open and spray the inside with nonstick spray. Place a sandwich in the press, close tightly and pull away any exposed crust around the edges. Place over the flame until the bread is crispy and golden, 1 minute per side. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches.nSlice in half, dust with powdered sugar and serve with vanilla ice cream if desired., ingredients: [13 cup mascarpone, whipped, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 13 cup blueberry preserves, 8 square slices white bread must be big enough to fit in a sandwich pressabout 4 by 4 inches, pressed with a 3inch round cutter, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying sandwich press, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Sweet Blueberry and Mascarpone Toasties, picturelink: null}, 34830: {instructions: For the corn puree: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter. Add the corn and chicken stock. Cook until the corn is cooked and most of the liquid has evaporated, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool slightly, and then place the corn in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nCooks Note: When blending hot liquids, remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth.nFor the salsa: In a small mixing bowl, combine the corn, lemon juice, vinegar, cilantro, scallion and red peppers. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the oysters: Set three shallow bowls next to one another. Place the flour in the first bowl, then place the buttermilk and egg in the next bowl and place the cornmeal in the last bowl. Use a fork to whisk the egg into the buttermilk. Dredge the oysters, one at a time, in the bowl with the flour, shaking to remove any excess. Then dip the oyster into the bowl with buttermilk. Once covered in the egg wash, place the oysters into the cornmeal.nSet a large saute pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the oysters to the pan and fry until golden brown, about 1 minute. Turn the oysters to the other side and cook another minute or until golden brown. Remove the oysters with a slotted spoon onto a paper towel.nPlace 1 teaspoon of corn puree in an oyster shell. Place a fried oyster on top of the puree. Top each oyster with 1 teaspoon corn salsa. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 cup corn niblets, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup cooked corn niblets, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 14 red pepper, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 large egg, 14 cup cornmeal, 6 oysters, shucked, 12 cup olive oil, 6 oyster shells, cleaned], title: Crispy Fried Oysters with Sweet Corn Cilantro Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34831: {instructions: In a skillet, cook olive oil and garlic over moderate heat 2 minutes. Add thyme and radicchio and cook another minute. Add beans and toss with radicchio and garlic to combine. Season beans with salt and pepper. Warm beans through, 2 minutes, then serve. Garnish with extra sprigs of fresh thyme or chopped parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large cloves chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 head radicchio lettuce, shredded, 1 large 1 pound 13ounce can, white beans cannellini, drained well, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: White Bean Salad with Thyme, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 34832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large frying pan, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions and celery for 5 minutes. Next, add the sausage and cook until browned, about 10 more minutes, stirring frequently. Meanwhile, break up the bread slices by hand into mediumsmall pieces into a large bowl. Add the seasonings and mix well. Then add the cooked vegetables and sausage and mix again. Finally, add the turkey stock and mix well. There will be enough stuffing for a 10 to 15pound bird and an 8 by 8inch pan., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 3 cups diced onions, 3 cups diced celery, 3 cups sliced breakfast sausage, 25 slices white and wheat bread, 1 12 teaspoons poultry seasoning recommended: Bells, 1 12 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 12 cups turkey stock], title: Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 34833: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLay bacon out on a roasting pan in a single layer and bake for 10 minutes until just crispy  remember they will be going back into the oven with the oysters so you dont want to finish the bacon just yet. While the bacon is cooking, put the butter, garlic, shallots, bell pepper, celery, lemon juice, oregano, and cayenne pepper in a food processor pulse until well combined, but still has texture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove bacon from oven and cut each slice into 6 so you have a total 24 pieces. Lay oysters in their half shells out on a large roasting pan in a single layer. Place 1 tablespoon of the casino butter mixture on top of each oyster and place a piece of bacon on each. Bake oysters in the hot oven until bubbly, approximately 10 to 12 minutes. Finish with finely chopped, fresh flatleaf parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup roughly chopped shallots, 14 cup roughly chopped red bell pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped celery, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves picked, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 mediumsized approximately 4 inches West coast oysters on the half shell, 14 bunch flatleaf parsley, finely chopped for garnish], title: Hog Island Oysters Casino with Red Bell Peppers and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 34834: {instructions: Melt the butter in a heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, add the corn and cook, stirring for one minute, then add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat source and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the chives, salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 34 cup fresh corn kernels cut from 2 ears of corn or thawed frozen, 34 cup chicken broth, 12 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, minced, Salt and pepper], title: Herbed Corn and Couscous, picturelink: null}, 34835: {instructions: Heat oil in saucepan. Add the first 4 ingredients. Cook until soft. Add the cider and reduce to 14 cup. Add honey and stock. Let it simmer until reduced to 12 and puree, then pass through a fine chinoise and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nSeason the veal chops with salt and pepper. Brush them with olive oil and grill on medium heat until medium rare. When almost done, brush them with the red chile glaze., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, chopped, 1 Guajillo Chile, seeded, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 shallots, chopped, 1 cup apple cider, 14 cup honey, 1 cup chicken stock or chicken glaze, 4 veal chops, Frenched, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 1 cup red chile glaze], title: Red Chile Glazed Veal Chop, picturelink: null}, 34836: {instructions: Heat the vegetable stock and 2 cups water in a wok or pot and let simmer for a minute. Add the mushrooms and tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes.nSlowly pour in the beaten eggs and stir gently to create a weblike pattern. Season the soup with the light soy, salt and ground white pepper. Simmer for another minute, and add the cornstarch and water mixture. Cook the soup until the soup has thickened slightly, another minute. Finish the soup by adding the toasted sesame oil and garnishing with sliced scallions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable stock, 4 shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 3 ripe heirloom tomatoes, cored and chopped, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 2 tablespoon cold water, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 scallion, thinly sliced], title: Egg Drop Soup, picturelink: null}, 34837: {instructions: Heat the sesame oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the scallion whites, ginger and garlic cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes.nAdd 5 cups water, the chicken broth, chicken breasts, teriyaki sauce and 12 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high cover and bring to a simmer. Add the squash and reduce the heat to medium low. Cook, covered, until the chicken is just cooked through, about 7 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate let cool slightly, then shred.nReturn the soup to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add the noodles and bell pepper cook until the noodles are just tender, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and shredded chicken. Top with the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 4 scallions, chopped white and green parts separated, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 8 ounces each, 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, Kosher salt, 1 cup chopped delicata or other winter squash, 9 ounces fresh Asian egg noodles, 1 red, yellow or orange bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 5ounce package baby spinach about 8 cups], title: Asian Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 34838: {instructions: For the crust: Combine the flour, butter, Parmesan and a pinch of salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the pastry blade. Pulse a few times until the mixture resembles fine gravel. Add up to 8 tablespoons of ice water, a few tablespoons at a time, until the dough comes together and forms a ball. Remove from the food processor and form the dough into a disk wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until ready to use.nFor the roast chicken: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, slather the chicken with the olive oil and sprinkle with the granulated garlic, paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Set the chicken on a rack in a roasting pan and roast until the skin is golden and crispy and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a thigh reaches 165 degrees F, 45 to 60 minutes. Set aside to cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, remove the skin, pull the meat from the bones and tear it into bitesize pieces you need 4 cups of the meat for the pie.nFor the filling: Heat the butter in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. When the butter has melted, add the onion, 12 teaspoon salt and a dash of pepper and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the carrots, fennel and parsnip and cook until the vegetables are brightly colored, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and when fragrant, stir in the flour. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the sherry and scrape up any bits stuck to the pan. When the liquid has almost evaporated, stir in the chicken stock and milk and cook, stirring, until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. If the sauce becomes too thick, add more chicken stock to reach the desired consistency. Remove from the heat and stir in the chicken, peas, parsley, thyme, 1 tablespoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough to a 14inchthick rectangle, about 15 inches long by 11 inches wide. If using individual ramekins, cut 6 circles in the shape of the ramekins plus an extra 1inch overhang. If using a 9by13inch pan or similarsized shallow baking dish, cut to that shape plus an extra 1inch overhang.nPour the filling into the ramekins or pan. Lay the dough over the filling and trim to 12 inch from the edge. Fold the overhang under itself to create a lip around the edge and use your fingers to flute the edges, or use the tines of a fork to create an attractive edge. Alternatively, simply tuck the overhang dough into the side of the pan. Cut a 1inch vent hole in each small pie or four to six 1inch vent holes in a large pie.nIn a small bowl, lightly beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water. Lightly brush the pie crust with the beaten egg.nBake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 45 to 50 minutes for small pies and about 60 minutes for a large pie., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, Pinch of salt, 8 tablespoons ice water, 3 pounds bonein, skinon chicken thighs, rinsed and patted dry, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, chopped finely, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 3 medium carrots, peeled and cut crosswise into 14inch pieces, 1 small bulb fennel, cut into quarters and sliced crosswise into 14inch pieces, 1 parsnip, peeled and cut crosswise into 14inch pieces, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup dry sherry, 4 cups chicken stock, plus additional as needed for thinning the sauce, 14 cup milk, 34 cup frozen peas, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 large egg, for egg wash], title: Roasted Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: XFxvHzXR9X2evA3PkQkkKcFFJMzb8u}, 34839: {instructions: Combine the vodka, pomegranate juice, orange liqueur and lime juice in a large cocktail shaker or pitcher filled with ice. Mix well to combine.nCoat the rims of 4 martini glasses with lime juice. Add the sugar to a small plate and then dip the rims into the sugar. Pour the vodka mixture into the martini glasses and garnish each glass with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 cup vodka, 34 cup pomegranate juice, 12 cup orange liqueur, 12 cup fresh lime juice, plus more for glass rims, 2 tablespoons sugar, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Big Daddys Pos Mo Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 34840: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Brown the ground beef, breaking it up with a fork, until cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes. Season the beef with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a paper towellined plate.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the pot. Add the onion, bell pepper and garlic and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, oregano and cumin and cook for 1 minute.nReturn the beef to the pot. Stir in the beans, tomatoes, tomato sauce, corn, 1 12 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt. Simmer 30 to 45 minutes. Taste and add more chili powder, if desired.nLadle the chili into serving bowls and top with a dollop of sour cream and a sprinkling of cheddar cheese.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 medium onion, diced about 1 cup, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and diced about 12 cup, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup chili powder, plus more to taste, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 15ounce cans red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 10ounce bag frozen corn kernels, Sour cream, for serving, Grated cheddar cheese, for serving], title: Savannah Tailgater Chili, picturelink: kUcyYHnJZK92AOpnN3VRXWZj02bN4G}, 34841: {instructions: To a medium bowl, add all ingredients except fish and stir to thoroughly combine. Refrigerate until ready to use it is best to let flavors blend for at least 1 hour in the refrigerator.nPreheat the broiler and position the oven rack so that it is at least 4 inches from the broiler, but no more than 6 inches.nPlace fish fillets on a baking sheet and then season fish with salt and pepper. Place under the broiler and cook until done on 1 side. Watch carefully, as it may only take a couple minutes, depending on the thickness of your fish fillets and the proximity to the broiler. Remove from broiler and turn each fish over. Top each fillet with about 12 cup sauce. Return to the broiler and cook until fish is done on the other side and fully cooked through in the middle. If you are unsure about doneness, cut into the center of 1 fillet it should be opaque. You can cover up the cut with the sauce. Serve with rice, if desired., ingredients: [12 Spanish onion, chopped, One 8ounce jar capers, 5 shallots, peeled and chopped, 5 tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup chopped basil leaves, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 cup olive oil, 8 individual fish fillets of your choice, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestion: rice], title: Fish Matecumbe, picturelink: null}, 34842: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the pie crust according to package directions. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl mix together the egg with the cold water to create an egg wash. Set aside.nDivide the dough into 6 even pieces, and roll each into a ball. On a floured work surface roll out each piece of dough, with a rolling pin, into 14inch thick rounds about 3 to 4 inches in diameter. Using a small bowl as a template cut around to form perfect circles.nBreak the leftover Salisbury Steak into small pieces and add it to a bowl with the leftover Brown Gravy. Stir to combine.nPut a heaping tablespoon of the meat mixture into the middle of each piece of dough. Brush the edges of the circles with egg wash. Fold the dough over the filling to form a half circle. Press the edges together and seal them again with the tines of a fork to make pretty borders. Brush the tops of the empanadas with the egg wash. Arrange the empanadas on a sheet pan and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove the empanadas from the oven to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 9ounce package pie crust mix, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon cold water, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 leftover steak from the Salisbury Steak recipe, 14 cup leftover gravy from the Brown Gravy recipe], title: Beef Empanadas, picturelink: Al0spcioRHspo96flzyoWz5ilRq2FC}, 34843: {instructions: Combine the water, bay leaves, salt and pepper to taste in a pot with a snugfitting lid. Bring to a boil. Add the rice, reduce to a simmer, and cook 40 to 45 minutes.nCombine the remaining ingredients in a saute pan and saute over low heat until the nuts have toasted lightly. Remove from the heat and combine with the cooked wild rice., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 1 12 cups wild rice, 34 cup pecan pieces, 23 cup cranberries, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste], title: Wild Rice with Spicy Pecans, picturelink: null}, 34844: {instructions: In a blender of food processor blend the flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, the milk, the eggs, the butter, and the salt for 5 seconds. Turn off the motor, with a rubber spatula scrape down the sides of the container, and blend the batter for 20 seconds more. Transfer the batter to a bowl and let it stand, covered, for 1 hour. The batter may be made up to 1 day in advance and kept covered and chillednYield: Enough batter for about 20 crepesnTO MAKE CREPES: Melted unsalted butter for brushing the pan Crepe batter recipe abovenHeat a crepe pan or nonstick skillet measuring 6 to 7 inches across the bottom over moderate heat until it is hot. Brush the pan lightly with the butter, heat the pan until it is hot but now smoking, and remove it from the heat. Stir the batter, half fill a 14 cup measure with it, and pour the batter into the pan. Tilt and rotate the pan quickly to cover the bottom with a thin layer of batter and then turn the pan to the heat, loosen the edge of the crepe until the underside is browned lightly. Turn the crepe, brown the other side lightly and transfer the crepe to a plate. Make crepes with remaining batter in the same manner, brushing with butter as necessary. The crepes may be made in advance, stacked, wrapped in plastic wrap, and chilled for up to 3 days or frozen., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup milk, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Crepes, picturelink: null}, 34845: {instructions: For the boil: In a large pot, combine the red potatoes, Yukon Gold potatoes, bay leaves, corn, onions, butter, kielbasa, andouille, chicken stock, seafood seasoning, pepper flakes, salt and 6 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Add the crawfish if using and simmer for another 5 minutes. Then add the shrimp simmer 5 minutes more.nFor the sauce: Combine the butter, parsley, seafood seasoning, salt and cayenne in a small saucepan over medium heat. Heat until the butter has melted and begun to simmer.nServe the lowcountry boil with the butter sauce for dipping., ingredients: [6 red potatoes, sliced, 6 Yukon Gold potatoes, sliced, 4 bay leaves, 3 ears corn, sliced into small discs, 2 large onions, sliced, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, One 14ounce package kielbasa sausage, One 12ounce package andouille sausage, 2 cups chicken stock, 14 cup seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 pound live crawfish or crawfish tails, optional, 1 pound shrimp, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: LowCountry Boil, picturelink: VbGC2gpjCLlZlrrqJdqHSCVFtI936}, 34846: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a 12count muffin tin with liners and set aside.nWith an electric mixer, cream together the sugar and butter until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt together, then add alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Add the vanilla and mix until smooth.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared muffin tin cups, filling about threequarters of the way up. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Turn out cupcakes onto a cooling rack to cool completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: With an electric mixer, beat the butter and peanut butter together until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Slowly add 1 12 cups of the confectioners sugar, the milk, and the vanilla. Beat in the remaining 1 12 cups confectioners sugar. Mix in additional milk, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the frosting is a creamy, spreadable consistency.nGenerously frost the cupcakes. Garnish with sprinkles., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 2 large eggs, 3 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk, plus as needed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Rainbow sprinkles, for garnish], title: OldFashioned Cupcakes with Peanut Butter Frosting, picturelink: rZBWMmhfKDFZVmZaMm5nV8BPDZxNai}, 34847: {instructions: To plump the raisins, combine them with the apple cider in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Immediately remove from the heat and set aside.nIn a large, nonreactive saucepan or Dutch oven, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, and pine nuts. Cook, stirring occasionally, without coloring, 6 to 8 minutes.nAdd the mortadella, olives, apples, and sage and cook 5 more minutes.nStrain the raisins, reserving the cider, and add the raisins to the saucepan. Stir in the bread cubes, season with the salt and pepper, and add reserved cider. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer, covered for 15 minutes. Stir thoroughly, cover, and continue cooking for an additional 15 minutes. The stuffing will be very moist. Serve hot. The stuffing can be kept hot and held for up to 1 hour in a bainmarie., ingredients: [13 cup raisins, 4 12 cups apple cider, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, diced about 1 cup, 3 celery stalks, split lengthwise and cut into 14inch slices, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 8 ounces mortadella, cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup pitted and coarsely chopped green olives, 2 apples, peeled, cored, and diced, 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 6 cups dayold sourdough bread crusts removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Apple and Mortadella Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 34848: {instructions: Spray 3 1 cup or 6 12 cup ramekins with vegetable oil cooking spray.nPlace the cilantro, green onions, cream cheese, salt, lime juice, and chile in a food processor and puree until smooth.nPour 14 cup water in a small bowl.nSprinkle the gelatin over the water and let it sit for a few minutes. Place the remaining 34 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the boiling water over the softened gelatin and whisk until the gelatin has dissolved.nAdd the gelatin to the mixture in the food processor, pulsing until pureed and thoroughly blended. Pour the mixture into the prepared ramekins. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. To unmold, fill a large container with very hot water. Dip the ramekins in the water for 1 minute. Run a small, sharp knife tip around the edge of each mousse. Unmold onto a platter. Let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes before serving. Serve with Crostini.nPreheat a grill pan or charcoal grill. Using a pastry brush, brush the baguette slices with olive oil. Sprinkle with oregano and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 12 bunches fresh cilantro, washed and dried, leaves picked off and reserved about 2 14 cups loosely packed, 1 avocado, 3 green onions, white and pale green parts only, thinly sliced, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, from about 1 lime, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, deveined, and roughly chopped, 1 cup cold water, divided, 2 14ounce envelopes unflavored gelatin recommended: Knox, Crostini, for serving, recipe follows, 12 baguette, thinly sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Avocado and Cilantro Mousse, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 34849: {instructions: Marinade: Stir together marinade ingredients and reserve one fourth of marinade for sauce. Marinate steak, then broil: Put steak and remaining three fourths of marinade in a glass dish, turning steak to coat, and marinate at room temperature, turning once, 30 minutes. While steak is marinating, cut apples and mango into 1 by 14 inch sticks. Toss together with juice and chili sauce and season with salt. Preheat broiler. Broil steak on rack of a broiler pan 2 to 3 inches from heat until slightly charred, 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium meat. Let steak stand 5 minutes. Cut crosswise into 14 inch thick slices, then halve slices crosswise. Toss beef in reserved marinade with salt and pepper to taste and divide among lettuce leaves. Top with fruit and sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 13 cup chopped scallion, 14 cup 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, 1 34 pound skirt steak, 2 small red apples such as Gala, 1 firmripe mango, peeled and pitted, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, or to taste, 60 3 to 4 inch long Bibb lettuce leaves, Toasted sesame seeds], title: Korean Beef Barbecue, picturelink: null}, 34850: {instructions: For the vinaigrette:nWhisk the vinegar, honey, salt, and pepper together, in a small bowl, until the salt is dissolved. While whisking constantly, pour in the olive oil. Stir in the chives, taste, and adjust seasoning as desired. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the salad:nHeat the grill to medium 350 degrees F and rub the grate with a towel dipped in oil. Brush the vegetables all over with oil and season well with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the vegetables, turning rarely, over medium heat until soft and charred, about 10 minutes for the onions and 15 minutes for the peppers. Remove the vegetables from the grill to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Cut the onion rings into quarters and cut the peppers into 1inch cubes. Reserve.nSeason the steak generously with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Grill the steak until desired doneness, about 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes.nCut the steak against the grain into 12inch slices and add to a medium bowl. Pour 13 of the vinaigrette over the steak and toss to coat.nCombine the peppers, onion, watercress or arugula, tomatoes, and the remaining vinaigrette in a large serving bowl, and toss to combine. Top with the steak, adjust seasoning, as desired, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, Oil, for brushing vegetables, plus more for grill grate, 1 large red onion, cut into 12inch wide rings, 2 large red, yellow, or orange bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and cut into quarters, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound NY strip steak, trimmed, 4 cups chopped watercress or arugula, 1 cup halved grape or cherry tomatoes], title: Sweet Pepper and Steak Salad, picturelink: W7rwyVrftrJO9y3IF5PmvlcwzQ4Pt.}, 34851: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the butter, vanilla, and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring and watching closely until the butter browns, 8 to 10 minutes. Strain the butter into a medium bowl cool to room temperature. Discard solids.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9 by 2inch cake pan with parchment paper and pack the apples in a dish.nWhisk the yolks and sugar in a large mixing bowl until thick and bright yellow. Gradually whisk in the butter until combined. Stir in the flour and sesame seeds until incorporated. Pour over the apples to cover completely and smooth the top. Bake 20 minutes, then rotate the dish from front to back. Bake 20 to 25 minutes more or until the top is golden and the filling is just set., ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Salt, 4 cups peeled and diced apples, 12 large egg yolks, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup benne or allpurpose flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons benne or sesame seeds], title: Benne Brown Butter Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 34852: {instructions: 1.Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2.Select Variable 1.n3.Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4.Blend for 1 minute or until desired consistency is reached. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces 113 g low fat vanilla yogurt or vanilla soy milk, 2 cups 310 g fresh, ripe pineapple, with core or a 2inch thick slice, 1 celery stalk 7inch stalk, 37 g, 1.3 oz, halved or about 13 cup chopped, 2 cups 60 g spinach leaves, gently packed, 2 cups 480 ml ice cubes, Sweetener to taste if pineapple is a bit tart], title: Emerald Smoothie, picturelink: ST3c3Nc0UE4puvovb6Se8CvLzF7bZm}, 34853: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the cabbage, cider, vinegar, sugar, and pepper to taste. Cover and simmer until the cabbage is tender, about 20 minutes.nMix in the jicama, beet horseradish and dill season with salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Serve with grilled sausage left.nPhotograph by Rick Lew., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 large clove garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 cup apple cider, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground pepper, 14 small jicama, peeled and grated, 2 tablespoons beet horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill], title: SweetHot Cabbage Relish, picturelink: YIm19UUwzM9pO0dAR98sX8bEm8pCS6.}, 34854: {instructions: Thinly slice potatoes. Place into a nonreactive i.e. glass bowl. Combine with onions. Prepare the basic vinaigrette. Combine with potatoes and onions while still warm this way the flavor soaks in. Allow to sit and absorb more flavor for a couple of hours or even overnight.nTomatoes, thinly sliced, may also be added to this recipe, for additional flavor and color. This recipe is terrific for outdoor bbqs and parties as vinegar does not go bad, unlike mayo., ingredients: [10 peeled and boiled potatoes, 23 shredded sweet onions Spanish or Vidalia, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 cups water, 2 3 tablespoons sugar adjust to taste, One bunch fresh dill, chopped large stalks taken out, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Czech Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 34855: {instructions: To a small non reactive bowl or dish combine marinade ingredients. Marinate tofu overnight.nPlace tofu slices on hot grill and cook 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Place grilled slices in a warm place while making the sauce.nIn a separate saucepan whisk together olive oil, milk, flour and vegetable broth. Add shiitake mushrooms and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 7 to 10 minutes or until the mushrooms are tender. Pour the mixture over grilled tofu. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound firm tofu, sliced into 1inch thick pieces, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup orange juice, Dash of pepper, Dash of salt, 12 teaspoon olive oil, 34 cup skim milk, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 14 cup vegetable broth, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 green onions, chopped fine], title: Grilled Tofu with Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34856: {instructions: In a bowl combine all ingredients, except for the pasta and egg wash.nUsing the fresh pasta recipe, roll out your dough either by hand or by machine. Cut into 3 or 4 inch rounds with a round cookie cutter. Place 14 teaspoon into the center of each round. Brush egg wash on the bottom half of the round and fold over to seal. Fold back around your finger and turn down the edge to form a tortellini.nIn half a gallon of rapidly boiling salted water add the tortellini in batches. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they float to the surface. Remove to a strainer to drain.nFresh Pasta:n3 cups allpurpose flourn2 large eggsn3 tablespoons watern1 teaspoon olive oiln12 teaspoon saltnBy Hand: On a clean surface make a well with the flour. In a measuring cup mix the eggs, water and oil and salt. Pour the wet mixture slowly into the flour and mix with your 2 fingers until all of the wet is incorporated. Do not force the dough to take all of the flour. If you are going to use a pasta machine to roll out the dough you may at this point form the dough into a disk and cover with plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator for 1 hour to rest. If you going to roll this by hand you should knead the dough on a floured work surface for 8 to 10 minutes.nBy Food Processor:nIn the bowl of your food processor combine the flour and salt and pulse 2 to 3 times. In a liquid measuring cup whisk the eggs, water and oil. While pulsing the machine pour this mixture in a continuous stream and continue running the machine until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl. Follow directions above for hand rolling or machine.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnPreparation time: 5 minutesnCooking time: 3 to 5 minutes in boiling waternEase of Preparation: easy, ingredients: [12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped spinach, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Fresh pasta, recipe follows, 1 egg mixed with 12 teaspoon water], title: Tortellini, picturelink: null}, 34857: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the patties:nCombine the chuck, basil, sundried tomatoes, onion, garlic, and salt in a large bowl, handling as little as possible. Shape into 6 patties to fit the bun size. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nFor the fennel:nGrate 2 teaspoons zest from the lemons. Juice the lemons to yield 2 tablespoons juice. Put the fennel rings in a mediumsized bowl and toss with the lemon juice, oil, and salt. Put the fennel in a grill basket and grill, shaking the basket occasionally, until soft, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the fennel to a sheet of foil, sprinkle with the lemon zest, and wrap to keep warm.nHeat a large, heavy nonstick fireproof skillet on the grill. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Wrap in foil to keep warm.nFor the topping:nDrain off the bacon fat from the skillet, wipe out the skillet with paper towels, and set the skillet back on the grill. Add the walnuts to the skillet and toast until golden and fragrant set aside.nWhisk the vinegar with the oil in a small bowl and season with salt, to taste. Combine the figs, arugula, and toasted walnuts in a medium bowl. Toss with just enough dressing to coat.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook, turning once, until done to preference, 5 to 7 minutes on each side for medium. Place the cheese slices on the patties during the last 3 minutes of grilling. Place the buns, cut side down, on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly during the last 2 minutes of grilling.nTo assemble the burgers, place equal portions of the warm grilled fennel on each bun bottom, followed by a cheesetopped patty, 2 bacon slices, and an equal portion of the figarugula topping. Add the bun tops and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 34 cup packed fresh basil leaves, chopped, 34 cup drained and chopped sundried tomatoes, packed in oil, 12 cup grated onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced or pressed, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 mediumsized lemons, preferably Meyer lemons, 4 mediumsized fennel bulbs, tops removed, sliced into rings, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 slices thickcut black pepper bacon or regular thickcut bacon, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 4 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, Salt, 6 fresh figs, stemmed and sliced lengthwise, 3 cups prewashed bagged baby arugula, roughly torn, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 34 pound aged Teleme cheese semisoft cheese made in northern California, sliced thinly Camembert or Brie may be substituted, 6 goodquality hamburger buns, split], title: Born in Berkeley Burgers a.k.a. Bacon Cheeseburgers with Aged Teleme, ArugulaFig Topping, Pepper Bacon, and LemonGrilled Fennel, picturelink: jIwF0f74FT39mRNrzENta4iFGHrWG}, 34858: {instructions: Combine the water, honey, lemon juice and mint leaves in a pitcher. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours to allow the flavors to meld., ingredients: [8 cups cold water, 2 tablespoons clover honey, Juice of 2 large lemons, 1 bunch crushed fresh mint leaves], title: Citronnade a la Menthe, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 34859: {instructions: Split the English muffins in half and then toast or grill them set them aside. Fill a large shallow pan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and gently break the eggs into the boiling water. Cook the eggs until the yolks are set to the desired doneness, about 3 minutes. Remove the eggs from the heat. Heat the smoked trout in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat for 30 seconds or until heated through. Arrange the toasted English muffins on plates and top with the trout. Using a slotted spoon, place 1 poached egg on top of each English muffin. Spoon warm Hollandaise Sauce over the eggs and sprinkle with parsley and a dash of paprika to garnish. Serve immediately.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a heavy saucepan. While butter is melting, whisk together white wine, lemon juice, and hot sauce in a large metal bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks. Place the bowl over a skillet of simmering water and continue whisking over medium heat until a custard consistency develops. Slowly whisk in the melted butter. Continue whisking until the sauce is rich and smooth., ingredients: [4 English muffins, 8 eggs, 16 ounces smoked Idaho trout or salmon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves or dill, for garnish, Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, Paprika, for garnish, 1 pound butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 6 egg yolks], title: Rocky Mountain Benedict, picturelink: null}, 34860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLiberally salt and pepper the chicken breast halves. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and sear the chicken, skin side only, until brown and beginning to crisp, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the orange glaze: In a small saucepan, heat the orange juice concentrate, honey, and salt and pepper, to taste, over medium heat, and boil for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat.nTurn the chicken over and brush each piece with the glaze. Turn the chicken skin side up and transfer the pan to the oven. Bake until the internal temperature reaches 160 to 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, brushing on more glaze halfway through, about 15 minutes in total. Let the chicken rest for 10 minutes on a cutting board. Remove the chicken breast from the bone and slice the meat on the bias. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 skinon bonein chicken breast halves, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, 4 tablespoons honey], title: CrispySkinned Chicken a lOrange, picturelink: FmoX8GkMg29YH7JtRrz3fd.dy8YRC0C}, 34861: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn medium mixing bowl, mix flour, baking powder, salt, butter, egg, milk, and pudding mix. Mix until smooth, and pour into greased 9inch springform baking pan. Place welldrained peaches, peach juice, macaroons and gingersnap crumbs over top of batter.nIn a small mixing bowl, mix cream cheese, egg, peach juice, and sugar, and pour over cake mixture. Top with gingersnap crumbs.nBake for 45 minutes, or until golden brown and center is done. When cool, spread raspberry jam over top., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 egg, 12 cup milk, 1 3ounce box French Vanilla pudding mix, 1 cup sliced peaches, 1 tablespoon peach juice, 23 cup crumbled coconut macaroons, 12 cup gingersnap cookie crumbs, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons peach juice, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons gingersnap cookie crumbs, 12 cup raspberry jam], title: Peach Melba Cake, picturelink: null}, 34862: {instructions: Saute the onion in the oil over medium heat until softened. Add the okra and the tomatoes with all their juice. Cover and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Add salt to taste, and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes more. Top with a dash of pepper just before serving., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped sweet white onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil or bacon grease, 2 cups chopped fresh okra, 3 medium fresh tomatoes, peeled and chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Okra and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 34863: {instructions: With the heel of your hand or a meat mallet, pound the meat and flatten to a thickness of about 12inch. Sprinkle the inside of the meat with salt and pepper. Spread the pesto over the meat, leaving a 1inch border on 1 long side. Roll the meat towards the border.nWith your knife, mark the fillet at 1inch intervals. Run skewers through your fillet in between your knife marks so that each portion has a skewer securing it. Using your knife marks as a guide, cut your fillet into slices. Drizzle with the oil.nPreheat the grill or a grill pan.nGrill slices over high heat for about 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Let rest for a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds center cut fillet of beef, spiral cut, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup store bought pesto, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 long wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for at least 30 minutes], title: Spiral Rolled Fillet with Pesto, picturelink: kV0UtiPMuw9sR.JN4UnH8asUuacW01m}, 34864: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a kettle grill with charcoal off to one side for indirect grilling and add the soaked apple wood or mesquite wood chips over the coals. Remove the neck and giblets and pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Brush chicken all over with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper and 3 tablespoons dry rub. Set aside.nOpen the beer can, pour out about 12 cup of the beer into a cup and drink it or pour it over the wood chips. Make an extra hole in the top of the can with a churchkey can opener. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon dry rub to the beer can it might fizz up a little bit at the top, but dont worry, that is normal, the garlic and rosemary.nHold the chicken above the can of beer and slide the chicken over the can. Fold the wings back behind the chicken. Make sure the legs are in front of the can, supporting the chicken. Place the chicken inside a disposable pan.nPlace the pan on the grates of the grill on the opposite side of the charcoals, put lid on and cook the chicken until golden brown and the internal temperature registers 160 degrees F in the breast area and 175 degrees F in the thigh area on an instantread thermometer, 1 to 1 12 hours. Remove from the grill be careful not to spill the contents of the beer can as it will be very hot and let rest for 10 minutes before carving.nUse a pair of locking tongs and grab the bottom of the beer can to remove from the chicken cavity. Place on a platter or cutting board to rest and cool. Carve and serve., ingredients: [2 cups mesquite or apple wood chips, soaked in cold water for 1 hour, 1 3 to 4pound roasting chicken, preferably kosher since it has been brined, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Bobby Flays 16 Spice Rub for Chicken, or your favorite dry spice rub recipe, divided, 1 12ounce can beer, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary], title: Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: hhB44y.ckVR1tcPfj2qHGbic8oBd.EO}, 34865: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCut croissant into 1inch cubes and spread along the bottom of a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Mix eggs, evaporated milk, coconut milk, and sugar add water until it has a custard texture. Pour custard mixture over bread cubes.nTop with shredded coconut and macadamia nuts. Bake for 1 12 to 2 hours., ingredients: [15 croissant, preferably 1 day old, 5 eggs, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, 1 12 cups coconut milk, 1 cup sugar, granulated, 1 quart water, 12 cup coconut, shredded, 12 cup chopped macadamia nuts], title: Haupia Macadamia Nut Bread Pudding, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 34866: {instructions: In a food processor, blend the chickpeas, beets, mint, tahini, olive oil, garlic, lemon juice and 14 cup water. Blend until smooth, and season with salt and pepper. Serve with crudite or chips., ingredients: [One 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 cup chopped roasted beets, 12 cup picked mint leaves, 3 tablespoons tahini paste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper, Crudite or chips, to serve], title: Roasted Beet and Mint Hummus, picturelink: V4x7uUqPFui49GSX26gf0gDMHkrF3G}, 34867: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the carrots, zucchini, squash, and red pepper. Toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and pepper. Mix well. Spread in 1 layer on a foil lined baking sheet and roast for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. When done, set aside to cool.nRemove the corn kernels by standing the cob on a plate or in a wide shallow bowl. Set the blade of a small, sharp knife at the juncture of the kernels and cob. Slice downward to remove the kernels. Repeat this procedure, working your way around the cob, until all the kernels are removed. Set aside.nCut the avocado in half lengthwise and remove pit, leaving the skin on. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of lemon juice to prevent avocados from discoloring.nIn a large bowl, mix roasted vegetables, corn, remaining lemon juice, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and fresh herbs. Taste and reseason with salt and pepper, if needed.nPlace each avocado half on a small bed of mixed greens or arugula, if using. Top each avocado half with a generous serving of the roasted vegetable salad. Sprinkle lemon zest on top and serve., ingredients: [4 medium carrots, cut into 12inch rounds and rounds cut in 12, 1 medium zucchini cut into 12inch dice, 1 medium yellow squash, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 medium red pepper, cut into 12inch dice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ripe avocados, 1 lemon, zested and juiced 2 to 3 tablespoons juice and 1 tablespoon zest, 1 ear fresh corn, husk and silk removed, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 12 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped dill, Mixed greens or arugula, optional], title: Farmers Market Roasted Vegetable SaladStuffed Avocados, picturelink: 2A1PllmjvcMa.VFYE4oJeQASlueOhm}, 34868: {instructions: Preheat a grill or a grill pan.nLightly brush the onion slices with olive oil. Place on the grill and cook about 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and chop into bitesized pieces or serve whole., ingredients: [2 red onions, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Red Onions, picturelink: aFNFbNCOWZ4DHMxfverHg.V7az1xRq}, 34869: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTomatillo Salsa:nCombine all ingredients except cilantro, over medium heat, and cook for 10 minutes in 12 cup olive oil. A little caramelization is okay. Puree in a blender. Add chopped cilantro and keep warm.nBeef Short Rib Enchiladas:nIn a saute pan, over high heat, season short ribs with salt and pepper and sear all sides until golden brown. Remove from pan and set aside.nIn a large pot, over medium heat, combine the next 8 ingredients and cook in 12 cup of olive oil until tender. Add chipotles, tomatoes, cumin, and tomato paste. Cook until all liquid has evaporated. Deglaze with tequila and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd short ribs and orange to mixture and cover with chicken stock. Bring to a boil, cover, and place in the preheated oven for approximately 4 hours or until meat is falling apart.nRemove meat from liquid and let cool. Puree the liquid and vegetables, except orange and strain through fine mesh strainer. Season with salt and pepper.nShred meat and let cool. Combine meat with cilantro, sliced scallions, and queso fresco. Roll desired amount into corn tortillas.nReserve Serving Suggestion:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTen minutes before serving, place the short rib enchiladas in a saute pan with a little of the braising sauce, into the preheated oven. Ladle 3 ounces of sauce onto the plate. Place 12 cup of steamed white rice on the sauce. Place hot enchiladas on top. Top with 2 ounces of tomatillo salsa. To add some crunch, top with fried blue corn tortilla chips., ingredients: [5 tomatillos, chopped, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 1 shallot, sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, sliced, 12 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Olive oil, 2 to 3 pounds boneless beef short ribs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 1 leek, white and light green parts only, sliced, 2 shallots, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cored, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, sliced, 1 bay leaf, 1 canned chipotle chili, 5 Roma tomatoes, quartered, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup tomato paste, 1 cup tequila, 1 orange, cut in 12, 4 to 6 cups chicken stock, Cilantro, for serving, if desired, Sliced scallions, for serving, if desired, Queso fresco, for serving, if desired, Corn tortillas, for serving, if desired, Steamed white rice, for serving, if desired], title: Beef Short Rib Enchilada, picturelink: null}, 34870: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly coat 2 8inch cake pans with cooking spray set aside. In a large bowl, combine cake mix, butter, buttermilk, egg whites, and extracts. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds, scraping down sides of the bowl as needed. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Fold in crushed pineapple, coconut, and 1 cup pecans. Divide batter into 2 prepared cake pans. Bake in preheated oven for 31 to 36 minutes or until tester inserted in middle comes out clean. Cool in pans for 10 minutes then turn out on to wire racks to cool completely.nIn a small bowl, stir together remaining 1 cup pecans and frosting. With a serrated knife, cut both cakes horizontally to make 4 layers. Frost the top of each layer with 12 cup of frosting and stack on top of the next layer. Use remaining frosting to frost the entire outside of cake. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box white cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 3 egg whites, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract recommended: McCormick, 14 teaspoon almond extract recommended: McCormick, 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple, drained recommended: Dole, 12 cup sweetened flake coconut recommended: Bakers, 2 cups chopped pecans, divided recommended: Diamond, 2 16ounce cans cream cheese frosting recommended: Betty Crocker], title: Italian Wedding Cake, picturelink: DDjjXSCnpJRFAZ9baPoW79J.yH8jh3O}, 34871: {instructions: In a large pan, saute red peppers, green peppers, garlic, thyme, and rosemary until the vegetables begin to soften. Remove from the heat and allow to cool while you prepare the chicken. Pound the chicken breasts in between 2 pieces of plastic wrap until they are flattened. Place the sauteed vegetables in the center and roll the breast around them. Secure closed with a toothpick, if necessary.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. Add the stuffed chicken and cook until all sides are browned and the chicken is cooked through.nCombine the mango, garlic, and the red onion and place in a mediumsized bowl. Add salt, lime juice, and corn syrup to the bowl and thoroughly combine. Serve the salsa over the sauteed chicken.nIn a medium saute pan, cook the bacon until it is crisp. Drain and crumble the pieces into a bowl. In a separate pan, saute asparagus with garlic until the asparagus is tender. Add crumbled bacon on top of the spears., ingredients: [1 red pepper, thinly sliced, 1 green pepper, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary leaves, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Olive oil, for sauteing, Mango salsa, recipe follows, Asparagus, recipe follows, 1 mango, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 red onion, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon corn syrup, 6 bacon strips, 1 bunch asparagus spears, 1 clove garlic, minced, Olive oil, for sauteing], title: Chicken Pinwheels topped with Mango Salsa and served with Sauteed Asparagus Spears and Bacon crumbles, picturelink: null}, 34872: {instructions: Using a sharp paring knife, trim the outermost layer of leaves from each artichoke. Trim stems and cut off top half of each artichoke. As you trim them, place them in a medium bowl, add the lemon juice and toss to coat.nTransfer artichokes to a medium nonreactive saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover artichokes by 1inch. Using a small heatproof plate, weight down the artichokes to keep them submerged. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a colander to drain.nCut artichokes in 12 lengthwise. In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add artichokes in a single layer and cook until hot, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and parsley. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute more. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [18 baby artichokes about 2 12 pounds, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1medium clove garlic, minced and crushed to a paste, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sauteed Baby Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 34873: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRainbow Fruit Stuffed Pork Tenderloin: Trim the tenderloin by cutting off all silverskin. In food processor, coarsely chop mixed dried fruit. Insert metal dowel or tool into the end of the meat to make a pocket through the center. Stuff the chopped fruit inside. Season the tenderloin with the olive oil, herbs, garlic, salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over a high heat. Sear the tenderloin on all sides until caramel. Cover the meat with aluminum foil and finish cooking it in the oven until the center of the meat reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 30 minutes. Let rest for 15 minutes after cooking. Cut tenderloin into medallions. Keep warm until ready to plate.nCheddar Grits: Heat oil in a Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium pot, heat 2 cups of water until boiling. Add the grits and stir continuously until done, about 5 minutes. Add the butter, 12 cup of milk, Cheddar and salt and pepper to taste. Pour the grits into a square pan and chill until set, about 30 minutes.nOnce set, use a small biscuit cutter to cut out rounds. Crack 4 eggs into a bowl and beat gently with a fork. Carefully dip each round in flour, then egg wash, then breadcrumbs. Fry in hot oil until golden and set aside until ready to serve.nBlueberry Coulis: Add the blueberries to a small saucepan with water to cover. Add sugar cook over medium heat until blueberries are completely cooked, about 7 minutes. Strain, reserving cooked blueberries, and add the lemon and orange peel. Let steep until cool.nPlating: Put some of the coulis in the middle of the plate. Place 1 of the round pieces of fried grits in the middle of the coulis. Place 1 pork medallion on top of the grits. Continue the process until satisfied with the look. Place the additional blueberries around as garnish along with the parsley. Plate presentation is up to the discretion of the chef., ingredients: [1 pork tenderloin, 1 pack dried mixed fruit, coarsely chopped, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked peppercorns, Parsley, for garnish, 2 cups water, 1 cup grits, 14 stick butter, 1 cup milk, divided, 12 cup grated Cheddar, plus more if desired, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, for egg wash, 2 cups panko Japanesestyle bread crumbs, Oil, for frying, 1 pint fresh blueberries, plus extra for garnish, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel], title: Rainbow Fruit Stuffed Pork Tenderloin with Fried Cheddar Grits and a Blueberry Coulis, picturelink: null}, 34874: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees.nIn a heavy skillet cook bread crumbs in 1 tablespoon oil with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring, until golden brown. Transfer bread crumbs to a bowl and toss well with horseradish.nPat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. In a skillet heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown pork on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer pork to a shallow baking pan. In a small bowl, mix mustard and mayonnaise. Coat top and sides evenly with mixture. Press bread crumb mixture evenly onto mustard and roast pork in middle of oven until a meat thermometer inserted in center registers 145 degrees for slightly pink meat if bread crumbs begin to get too browned arrange a sheet of foil loosely over pork, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer pork to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes.nCut pork into 14inchthick slices. Serve with balsamicbraised red cabbage and onions and boiled new potatoes with chive butter, ingredients: [1 cup fresh bread crumbs about 2 slices, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish, or to taste, 1 1pound piece boneless pork loin, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: Roast Pork Loin in Horseradish Crust, picturelink: null}, 34875: {instructions: Soak the mushrooms in 1 cup hot water, 10 minutes. Pulse the pancetta, onion, carrot, celery, thyme and sage in a food processor to make a chunky paste.nPat the duck legs dry and season with salt. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the duck legs, skinside down, and cook until brown on both sides, about 7 minutes per side. Transfer the duck legs to a plate and pour off all but a thin layer of oil from the pot.nDrain the mushrooms, reserving the soaking liquid, then finely chop. Add the pancetta paste to the pot, season with salt and cook, stirring, until the paste is dry and sticks to the pot, 5 to 7 minutes. Clear a space in the pot and add the tomato paste cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes, then add the bay leaves and mushrooms and stir all the ingredients together.nAdd the wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Cook until the wine thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Return the duck legs to the pot along with 4 cups water and the reserved mushroom soaking liquid. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the duck is tender, about 1 hour, 20 minutes. Transfer the duck legs to a plate to cool. Skim the fat from the cooking liquid and discard bring the remaining liquid to a boil and cook until reduced to about 3 cups, about 12 minutes. Discard the skin and bones from the duck shred the meat and add it to the reduced sauce.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Return the ragu to a simmer. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon or skimmer and add directly to the ragu, tossing to coat the pasta with the sauce. Drizzle with olive oil and toss again. Remove from the heat, sprinkle with the parsley and parmesan, and toss.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 13 cups dried porcini mushrooms, 4 ounces pancetta, cut into chunks, 1 medium onion, cut into chunks, 1 carrot, cut into chunks, 1 stalk celery, cut into chunks, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 8 fresh sage leaves, 6 duck legs about 3 pounds, excess skin and fat trimmed reserve fat for another use, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 34 pounds fresh pizzoccheri buckwheat noodles, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup grated parmesan], title: Pizzoccheri With Duck Ragu, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 34876: {instructions: To make the strawberry sauce, puree the strawberries and sugar in a food processor until liquefied. Lighty coat a 10 12 by 15 12inch jelly roll pan with nonstick vegetable spray. Add the batter to the pan and bake for 13 to 15 minutes, until lightly tanned and springy. Set on a rack to cool. Cut out two circles of cake, one 5 inches in diameter the other 4 14 inches in diameter. Cut out a rectangle 3 by 15 12 inches. Sprinkle the cake with the orange liqueur. Wrap the ice cream container in a hot towel to loosen it. Invert the container onto the larger cake circle. Top with the smaller circle. Use the cake rectangle to wrap the sides, making sure that the wet side of the cake is facing in. Fill any gap with left over scraps. Return the cake to the freezer. Set a rack towards the bottom of the oven with plenty of room above it.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees.nTo make the Italian Meringue, put the water, corn syrup, and sugar in a small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Over high heat, bring the temperature to 246 degrees. In the meantime, completely clean and dry mixing bowl. With an electric mixer, whisk the egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar until creamy, foamy, and barely able to hold very soft peaks. With the mixer running on slow, carefully drizzle in the hot syrup. Continue to whisk on high, for about 2 minutes, until the consistency of shaving cream slightly glossy and able to hold soft peaks. Set the cake on a heatproof serving platter. With a metal spatula, spread the meringue entirely around the cake. With a pastry bag fitted with a star tip, pipe any leftover meringue in a decorative pattern. Pipe one large rosette in the top and plant the eggshell in it. Dust the meringue with the confectioners sugar. Bake for 2 to 3 minutes until lightly tanned. Pour the strawberry sauce around the bottom of the platter. In the meantime, gently warm the rum or brandy in a small saucepan. Pour it into the egg shell and drizzle the rest over the cake. Ignite, ingredients: [Sugar, Strawberries, 14 cup orange liqueur Grand Marnier, 14 cup water, 12 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup sugar, 5 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch of cream of tartar, 12 half egg shell, thoroughly washed, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 14 cup white rum, 151 rum or brandy], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 34877: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender and mix at progressively higher speeds to achieve smooth green sauce. Check seasoning, add more mustard to taste, spoon over chicken., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup warm water, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup spinach washed, chopped, blanched, shocked in ice water and squeezed], title: Green Mustard Emulsion, picturelink: null}, 34878: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to the boil. Blanch all the vegetables separately, in order of color like laundry. Refresh each in iced water. Drain.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter. Toss the vegetables together just to warm them through. Season them with salt and pepper and toss with the herbs. Serve., ingredients: [8 baby carrots, 6 radishes, halved, 1 cupabout 175 g shelled peas, 4 ounces110 g snow peas, 4 ounces110 asparagus, 4 ounces110 yellow beans, 4 ounces110 baby turnips, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few handfuls of chopped fresh herbs chives, tarragon, parsley, chervil...], title: Baby Vegetable Jumble, picturelink: null}, 34879: {instructions: Mix together the sweet potatoes, butter and milk until well blended. Stir in the flour, baking soda and sugar. Shape the dough into a ball and knead about 8 to 10 times on a wellfloured board. Roll the dough out 1inch thick and cut with a 2inch biscuit cutter. Bake in a greased baking pan in a 400degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until brown., ingredients: [2 cups cooked, mashed sweet potatoes, 1 stick butter, melted, 1 14 cups milk, 4 cups selfrising flour, Pinch baking soda, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Sweet Potato Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 34880: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook 30 seconds more. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cream cheese, chives and Worcestershire sauce and stir until evenly combined. Season the filling with salt and pepper.nHalve each chicken breast horizontally, leaving it attached at one side so it opens like a book. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper, then divide the filling among the breasts, spreading it evenly on the inside of each. Close the chicken breasts and sprinkle the outsides lightly with salt and pepper.nLay 3 strips of bacon sidebyside on a cutting board and position a chicken breast rightsideup at the end of the strips. Tuck the thinner tail of the chicken breast underneath for even cooking, then roll the breast up in the bacon. Repeat with the remaining bacon strips and chicken breasts.nSet a cooling rack in a rimmed baking sheet and transfer the chicken breasts with the bacon seamside down to the rack. Bake until the chicken is almost cooked through and an instantread thermometer inserted in the middle of each breast reads 155 degrees F, about 35 minutes. Heat the broiler and broil the breasts until the bacon turns golden brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 small yellow onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6 to 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 12 slices bacon not thickcut], title: BaconWrapped Chicken Breasts, picturelink: LFDR5ewZZI1cLwCDcKps3QdonIdjHvS}, 34881: {instructions: Marinate the chicken: Combine the lemongrass, soy sauce, sesame oil, fish sauce, garlic, ginger, lime juice and u00bd teaspoon pepper in a food processor and puree to make a coarse paste. Transfer the paste to a large resealable plastic bag, add the chicken, squeeze out the air and seal. Gently move the chicken around inside the bag to coat. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours.nMarinate the vegetables: Whisk the vinegar, sesame oil, honey and u00bd teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the carrots, radishes and jalapenos and stir to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 20 minutes.nMake the tacos: Brush a large grill pan with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and grill until just cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board slice the chicken against the grain and brush with the hoisin sauce.nCombine the sour cream, lime juice, Sriracha and scallions in a blender blend until smooth. Heat the tortillas in a dry skillet or in the microwave. Divide the chicken among the tortillas. Drain the marinated vegetables and add to the tacos. Drizzle with the lime crema. Top with more scallions, cilantro and sesame seeds. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 6inch piece lemongrass white part only, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 2 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped peeled fresh ginger, Juice of 1 lime, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 3 medium, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt, 2 carrots, cut into matchsticks, 3 to 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 13 cup hoisin sauce, 12 cup sour cream, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 2 teaspoons Sriracha, 4 scallions white and light green parts only, chopped, plus more for topping, 8 small flour tortillas, Chopped fresh cilantro and sesame seeds, for topping], title: Chicken Banh Mi Tacos, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 34882: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush a sheet pan with melted butter.nIn a food processor, pulse the walnuts and pistachios until coarsely chopped. Transfer the nuts to a large bowl. Put the apricots in the processor and pulse them until coarsely chopped, add to the nut mixture and mix well with your hands to combine. Add 2 tablespoons of the honey and 14 cup of the melted butter toss.nUnroll the phyllo dough and lay the sheets flat on a work surface. Keep the pastry covered with a damp, not wet, towel as you work to prevent drying out. Place 1 sheet of phyllo on the buttered pan and brush it with more melted butter and sprinkle with about 1 teaspoon of sugar. Repeat with the 3 remaining sheets of phyllo, stacking each on top of each other and sprinkling each with sugar.nSpread the nut filling in a thin layer on top of the pastry, leaving a 1inch border on all sides. Fold in the long sides and roll up the pastry like a cigar. Brush the entire top with even more melted butter and sprinkle the pastry log with the remaining teaspoon of sugar. Bake for 45 minutes, or until golden brown and crispy.nSlice the borek into 1inch pinwheels. Drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of honey before serving., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 34 cup pistachios, 1 cup dried apricots, 14 cup honey, 4 phyllo pastry sheets, 5 teaspoons sugar], title: Dessert Borek, picturelink: null}, 34883: {instructions: MELT chocolate chips with sweetened condensed milk in large saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat stir in vanilla. Pour into medium bowl cover. Chill up to 1 hour, until firm.nSHAPE chilled chocolate mixture into 18 balls of each of the following sizes: 1 14inch, 1inch and 34inch. Roll each ball in powdered sugar. Place 1 large ball on plate, flattening bottom side to balance. Insert toothpick in center. Thread medium ball on top of large ball. Top with small ball to make a snowman.nUNROLL fruit snack. Cut 14inch wide strips from the short side 4 12 inches of one rollup snack for the scarves. Place one around the neck of each snowman, overlapping in front to keep it in place. Insert mini chocolate chips, pointed tops in, for eyes and two to three buttons down front. Add a mini candy coated chocolate piece for the nose. Insert pieces of pretzel sticks into the middle ball to make arms.nCUT four 2inch circles from one rollup snack. Make one slit to the center. Overlap circle, almost double, to make a coneshape for the hat. Wet inside edge with water stick hat to head. Place on top of snowman. Repeat for remaining snowmen to make 18.n Wipe powdered sugar from hands between adding each eye, button and nose.nUse 2inch diameter cookie cutter or sharp edge of inverted 14cup measuring cup to make circles., ingredients: [3 cups 18 oz. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 tbsp. vanilla extract, 12 cup powdered sugar, 6 fruit flavored rollup snacks for scarves and hats, Mini semisweet chocolate chips for eyes and buttons, 18 mini candy coated chocolate pieces for noses, 36 thin pretzel sticks for arms], title: Snowman Truffles, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 34884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine coffee, peppercorns, 14 cup brown sugar, salt, garlic, cayenne pepper and paprika in a small bowl. Press firmly onto steaks. Let steaks rest, covered, for 30 minutes at room temperature.nTo cook, heat oil in a large saute pan until almost smoking. Add steaks and sear 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Do not overcrowd the pan. Use 2pans if needed. Remove steaks to a baking dish and finish cooking in the oven until desired doneness. Remove to a cutting board or platter and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nMeanwhile, bring stout to a simmer in a small saucepan and reduce by about 13. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter and 2 tablespoons brown sugar. After steaks have rested, pour any juices from the cutting board into the sauce, and serve with steaks., ingredients: [12 cup medium grind Italian Roast coffee, 12 cup black peppercorns, freshly cracked, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup granulated garlic, 112 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 112 tablespoons paprika, 4 1 12 to 2inch thick New York strip steaks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 16 ounces stout, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Java Crusted New York Steak with Stout Glaze, picturelink: RWdnl9ORphr9HbuSS3lgC5wWIRY3F7a}, 34885: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 10inch wooden skewers, soaked in water at least 15 minutesnPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh and scrape it clean with a grill brush.nWhile the grill preheats, thread the strawberries onto the skewers, piercing each strawberry with 2 skewers and making a total of 4 kebabs with 6 strawberries on each doubleskewering the strawberries will make them easier to turn. In a cup, combine the oil and 2 tablespoons of the maple syrup. Brush the syrup mixture over the strawberries.nIn a small bowl, combine the mint, lemon zest and juice and remaining 2 tablespoons of maple syrup.nGrill the strawberries until they are softened and have grill marks, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve the strawberries drizzled with the lemonmint sauce., ingredients: [24 ripe medium strawberries, hulled about 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 14 cup loosely packed mint leaves, torn, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Grilled Strawberry Kebabs with LemonMint Sauce, picturelink: iNKWisF9sA4.cyxI2fiie0hcPczLU5i}, 34886: {instructions: Wash the mixed greens and dry well.nPlace 1 cup of mixed greens per plate. Drizzle macadamia nut oil, to taste, over greens. Garnish with a little crushed macadamia nut., ingredients: [4 cups mixed greens, Macadamia nut oil, 1 cup crushed macadamia nuts], title: Small Mixed Salad with Macadamia Nut Oil, picturelink: null}, 34887: {instructions: Boil water for the pasta. Cook as you are preparing the garlicasparagus sauce. In a skillet, cook garlic, red pepper flakes and hot pepper sauce in heated oil and butter for 2 to 3 minutes. Add asparagus, salt and pepper saute until asparagus is crisptender, about 8 minutes. Add Parmesan cheese, mix well. Pour over hot pasta and toss to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound mostaccioli or elbow macaroni, cooked and drained, 5 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 2 to 3 dashes hot pepper sauce, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, 1 pound fresh asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt to taste, 14 teaspoon black pepper], title: Pasta with Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 34888: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the brisket with salt and pepper, then brown on all sides, about 10 minutes, adding the garlic in the last 2 minutes. Transfer the meat and garlic to a 5to6quart slow cooker. Pour the beer into the skillet and simmer 30 seconds, scraping up the browned bits from the pan add the beer mixture to the slow cooker.nNestle the celery around the meat and add the brown sugar, tomato paste, vinegar, mustard, soy sauce, bay leaves and paprika. Stir, then cover and cook on low 8 hours or on high 6 hours. Transfer the meat to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes, then thinly slice.nServe on brioche halves with coleslaw drizzle with the cooking liquid.nPer serving: Calories 474 Fat 16 g Saturated 7 g Cholesterol 128 mg Sodium 265 mg Carbohydrate 18 g Fiber 0 g Protein 61 gnPhotograph by Antonis AchilleosnYoull have plenty of leftover brisket: Use it in tacos, quesadillas, chili or even on a pizza., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 5to6pound firstcut or flatcut brisket, cut into 3 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 12ounce bottle stout beer, 4 stalks celery, cut into large pieces, 23 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup tomato paste, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup dijon mustard, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 brioche or other rolls, split open and toasted, Coleslaw, for serving], title: SlowCooker Brisket Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 34889: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cool water. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, sugar, salt, pepper, eggs, scallions, celery, shallots and lemon juice stir to mix together. Add the mixture to the potatoes while still hot, mixing until the potatoes are coated. Transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 3 scallions, sliced, 2 celery stalks, chopped fine, 2 shallots, chopped fine, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Creamy Potato Salad, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 34890: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 bamboo skewersnSplit the vanilla bean pod and scrape out the seeds. In a bowl, combine pod, seeds and sugar and mix well. Cover the bowl and let it sit at room temperature for 24 hours, to infuse the sugar with the flavor of the vanilla.nPeel and cut avocado into 6 12inch cubes. Lightly salt the avocado. Put the cornuts in a heavyduty plastic bag. Using a rolling pin, crush the cornuts. Dont crush them too fine. Transfer the cornuts to a plate.nSlide a avocado cube onto the end of each skewer. Roll the avocado in the cornuts to coat.nHeat the cotton candy machine. Put the vanilla sugar in the extractor. When the cotton candy begins to form, dip the avocado skewers, one by one, and twirl to cover., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 1 cup sugar, 1 avocado, Kosher salt, as needed, 1 8ounce bag cornuts], title: Cotton Candy Avocado, picturelink: null}, 34891: {instructions: Make sure all the meat has been removed from the carcass. Set aside.nIn a large kettle or stockpot combine the carcass, the celery, the carrots, the garlic, the onions, the peppercorns, and enough water to cover the mixture by 2 inches about 6 quarts and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 3 hours. Strain the stock through a large sieve into a large bowl, leaving the solids in the sieve, return the stock to the kettle, and boil it until it is reduced to about 10 cups.nWhen the solids in the sieve are cool enough to handle, remove any turkey meat from the carcass and add it to the stock with carrots, crushed lightly, discarding the remaining solids. Add the tomatoes and bring the soup to a boil. Stir in the noodles, boil the soup, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the noodles are tender, and stir in the parsley and salt and ground black pepper to taste. The soup may be made in advance, cooled completely, uncovered, and kept covered and chilled for 2 days or covered and frozen for 2 months., ingredients: [1 turkey carcass, broken into large pieces, 2 ribs celery, chopped coarse, 3 carrots, chopped coarse, plus 2 cups sliced carrots precooked, 3 garlic cloves, 2 small onions, quartered, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, chopped coarse and drained well in a colander, 6 ounces wide egg noodles, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Turkey Noodle Soup with Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 34892: {instructions: For the cocktail sauce: In a small mixing bowl, combine the ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the remoulade: Whisk together the mayonnaise, capers, cornichons, parsley and lemon zest and juice in a small mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the salad: In a medium mixing bowl, add the onions and lime juice. Let stand for a few minutes. Add the lobster meat, avocados and cilantro. Mix together well and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the shredded romaine lettuce evenly into 4 martini glasses. Place the lobster avocado salad on top of the lettuce. Top with 1 tablespoon of cocktail sauce and remoulade sauce. Garnish with romaine hearts, lobster claws and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons capers, minced, 2 tablespoons minced cornichons, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 lemons, zest and juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Four 1pound lobsters, cooked, cleaned, cut into 1inch pieces, reserve 4 claws for garnish, 2 large ripe avocados, pitted, peeled and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 romaine heart, finely shredded, reserve 4 small leaves for garnish, 4 lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Lobster Avocado Cocktails, picturelink: null}, 34893: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust the rack to the center of the oven. Spray two 9inch round cake pans well with nonstick spray.nAdd the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Turn on the mixer and allow the dry ingredients to blend for a full minute. Turn the mixer up and, while the mixer is running, add the eggs, one at a time, the buttermilk, warm water, melted butter and vanilla extract. Beat until combined, about 2 minutes. The batter will be thick.nEvenly divide the batter between the prepared pans. Tap the bottom of the cake pans on the counter to release any air bubbles. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes, and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: Add the butter to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped chocolate and stir to melt. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cocoa powder and vanilla extract. Using an electric hand mixer, beat in the confectioners sugar. Slowly beat in the sour cream. Let cool for 20 minutes.nFrost the cake by first spreading the frosting between the layers. Then top with cake, and continue frosting the top and the sides., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray with flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup warm water, 1 stick unsalted melted butter, cooled, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 23 cup sour cream], title: One Bowl Chocolate Cake, picturelink: ercH9cRHaLjbTbiYXM86ho87vXwbgyy}, 34894: {instructions: Heat a large skillet until it is smoking hot. Add the olive oil and the garlic immediately. Then add the spinach in batches, adding more as it wilts until all the spinach is in the pot. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. And add more olive oil, if you like., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 8 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 pounds spinach, stemmed and well washed, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 34895: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the EVOO in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and melt into the oil. Add the chipotle, coriander, cumin, paprika, garlic, onions, apple, ginger, cinnamon and some nutmeg and salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes partially covered. Then add the stock, honey, kabocha, carrots and potatoes. Cook partially covered until very tender, 30 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender or in batches in a food processor. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat and add 1 cup of stock or water to loosen the soup enough to reheat.nTo serve, add a little citrus juice for a pop and top shallow bowls or cups of soup with assorted toppings of your choice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons puree of chipotle in adobo, medium to spicy heat level freeze the remainder in a plastic baggie, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 13 palmful, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palmful, 1 teaspoon paprika, 13 palmful, 2 onions, chopped, 1 crisp apple, peeled and chopped, One 1inch piece ginger root, finely chopped or grated, A little freshly grated nutmeg, A pinch of ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups chicken stock, plus extra to reheat, About 1 tablespoon honey, 1 12 pounds kabocha, butternut squash or pumpkin, peeled and chopped or leftover roasted, 1 pound organic carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon lemon or orange juice, Finely chopped red onions or scallions, Toasted pumpkin seeds, Crumbled browned Mexican chorizo, Creme fraiche, Shredded smoked Cheddar or smoked gouda, Chopped fresh parsley or cilantro], title: Carrot, Sweet Potato and Squash Soup, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 34896: {instructions: In a large stockpot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the artichoke hearts, season with salt and pepper and saute another 5 minutes. Add the broth, bring to a simmer and cook about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Puree until smooth with a hand blender or in a blender in small batches. Whisk in 34 cup yogurt and season with salt and pepper.nIn a small bowl, stir together the pesto sauce and lemon juice. Ladle the soup into bowls, top each with about 1 tablespoon yogurt and drizzle with the thinned pesto sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup frozen chopped onions, thawed, 2 14ounce cans artichoke hearts, coarsely chopped, 1 32ounce box lowsodium vegetable broth, 1 cup lowfat yogurt, divided, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons prepared pesto sauce, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Creamy Artichoke Soup, picturelink: uz.Yw3Pd7wX4D9JZApyiC85aA82NO}, 34897: {instructions: Special equipment: a 1 12inchtall by 3 to 3 12inchwide round moldnFor the yuzu dijonnaise: Whisk together the mayonnaise, Dijon and yuzu juice and refrigerate until needed.nFor the green mustard: Whisk together the Dijon, chives, cilantro, parsley, shiso and tarragon and refrigerate until needed.nFor the tartare: Combine the meat, apples, capers, tobanjan, chives, shallots,2 tablespoons of the yuzu dijonnaise and a pinch of salt in a mixing bowl and mix well. Brush 1 teaspoon of the green mustard onto the bottom of a medium serving plate. Stand 1 12inchtall by 3 to 3 12inchwide round mold in the center of the plate and stuff it with the tartare mixture, pressing down to firm. Remove the mold and top with a poached quail egg. Sprinkle with some of the chopped pine nuts. Repeat with the remaining ingredients on 3 more plates.nFor the truffled goat butter toast: Slice and toast the bread. Spread with the goat butter and drizzle with the truffle oil., ingredients: [Yuzu Dijonnaise:, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon yuzu juice, Green Mustard:, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped shiso, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, Tartare:, 8 ounces chopped short rib meat, 12 cup brunoisecut green apple, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon tobanjan or other chili paste, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 quail egg, poached, 1 tablespoon chopped pine nuts, Truffled Goat Butter Toast:, 4 slices toasted bread we use ciabatta, 1 tablespoon goat butter, 1 pinch truffle oil], title: Pubbelly Short Rib Tartare, picturelink: null}, 34898: {instructions: Fold over thin end of meat and tie with string every inch or so along the length of the tenderloin.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine ingredients for the rub in a medium baking pan. Place meat inside pan and rub meat generously with the spice mixture. Let meat sit 15 minutes and repeat rub. Place meat on a rack in a roasting pan in preheated oven. Do not baste or cover meat.nImmediately turn oven down to 400 degrees F.nRoast until an instantread thermometer stuck in the thickest portion of the meat registers 130 degrees F for rare to 145 degrees F for medium. Remove from oven and let meat rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Garnish with sage leaves,if desired., ingredients: [12 pound beef tenderloin, trimmed of fat and skin, 14 cup coffee beans, finely ground, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons ground sage, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, Sage leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Coffee Crusted Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 34899: {instructions: Position a rack about 6inches from the broiler, and preheat the broiler to high heat.nShear off the corn kernels with a sharp knife over a bowlu00bfyou should have about 12 cup.nCook the turkey bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp and brown on both sides, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a papertowel lined plate, and set aside. Add the corn and 1 tablespoon of olive oil and cook until the corn is brown and begins to pop, about 4 minutes. Pour in the salsa verde and heat until simmering. Pour salsa into a bowl, crumble the bacon and add to the salsa. Wipe out the skillet.nWarm the skillet over mediumlow heat. Whisk the egg whites in a large bowl until foamy and doubled in volume season with salt and pepper and whisk in the cilantro. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Pour the whites into the skillet and swirl to cover entire skillet. Cook, without stirring, until the whites are almost set and light brown on the bottom, about 3 minutes.nPlace the skillet under the broiler and cook until the omelet sets and begins to brown, about 30 seconds. Spoon half of the salsa onto half of the omelet and fold the omelet over the filling. Transfer omelet to a serving platter and finish with the remaining salsa on top., ingredients: [1 ear fresh corn, shucked, 2 slices turkey bacon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup jarred salsa verde Mexican green chile sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 large egg whites about 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Egg White Omelet with Corn, Turkey Bacon, and Green Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34900: {instructions: In a small saucepan bring 1 cup water to a boil with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the salt, stir in the couscous, and let the mixture stand off the heat, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, the vinegar, the celery, the Parmesan, the scallion, the orange juice, the parsley and salt and black pepper to taste and let the mixture cool to room temperature. Press about 2 tablespoons of the couscous mixture in the palm of one hand, forming a log, and arrange it across a short end of 1 roast beef slice. Arrange 1 pepper strip along each side of the log and roll up the couscous and the bell pepper in the same manner. The rolls may be prepared 8 hours in advance and kept wrapped in plastic wrap and chilled. Line a platter with the lettuce and arrange the rolls on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 pound thinly sliced rare roast beef, 1 red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 14inchthick strips, Bibb lettuce leaves, rinsed and spun dry, for garnish], title: Roast Beef and Couscous Rolls, picturelink: null}, 34901: {instructions: For the pickled cabbage: In a heavybottomed saucepot, heat the vinegar, sugar, salt, peppercorns and garlic over mediumhigh heat. Cook, whisking, until the sugar and salt dissolve. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nStrain the cooled pickling mixture, then pour over the shaved cabbage in a medium bowl and mix thoroughly. Set aside for 1 hour, mixing every 15 minutes for even pickling.nFor the aji amarillo sauce: Add the aji amarillo paste, vinegar and onion to a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, add the mayonnaise and mix until combined. Fold in the diced pickles.nFor the Reuben: Place 2 slices of the rye bread on a work surface and layer each slice of bread with 2 slices Swiss cheese, 12 cup of the pickled cabbage, 1 cup of the pulled pork, 14 cup of the aji amarillo sauce and 2 more slices of Swiss cheese. Top with the remaining 2 rye slices.nHeat a griddle over mediumlow heat. Melt the butter on the griddle, then add the composed sandwiches and toast for about 3 minutes. Flip and toast the other side until the meat is heated through and the cheese is melted, another 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 whole peppercorns, 2 cloves garlic, 12 head cabbage, shaved, 14 cup aji amarillo paste, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 14 Spanish onion, roughly chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup smalldiced pickles, 4 slices rye bread, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 2 cups pulled pork or shredded homemade pernil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Ecuadorian Reuben, picturelink: yNnLr39OYWrLw.fO0buYdK9KSzxMnpK}, 34902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTrim, cut, pat dry and season the beef with salt and pepper. Coat the bottom of a large heavy Dutch oven with oil. Heat the oil, over medium heat, and brown the beef, in batches, being careful to not crowd. Add 1 tablespoon of oil, if needed, to finish the beef. As the beef browns, add it to a bowl and keep warm. Add 1 tablespoon of canola oil to the pot over medium heat and add the onions cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic, cook for 1 minute more, then stir in the stock to deglaze the pan. Add the browned beef, the vinegar and the water and cover tightly. Put the pot in the oven and after 45 minutes, give the beef a stir. Cover and cook for an additional 2 hours and 15 minutes, stirring every 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool for 20 to 30 minutes. Shred with forks, incorporating the onions and garlic.nWhen ready to assemble, put 12 cup enchilada sauce in the bottom of a 13 by 9inch baking pan. Heat a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat with just enough enchilada sauce to coat the bottom. Dip the tortillas, 1 at a time, into the sauce, and cook until tender, about 1 minute each. Combine the cheeses in a medium bowl. Remove the enchiladas to a flat surface. Fill each with some of the shredded meat and cheese, reserve some cheese for the top of the baking pan. Roll and arrange them, seam side down, in the baking pan, packing the enchiladas tightly. Add additional sauce to come 13 up the sides of the enchiladas, then sprinkle a line of cheese, lengthwise, down the center of the pan. Garnish with green onions and black olives. Bake until bubbly, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, let sit for 5 minutes and then serve with sour cream.nAdd the boiling water to a large bowl and add all of the chiles. Let steep in water for 1 hour.nTransfer the chiles and the steeping liquid to a blender and puree for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the blender and strain through strainer.nHeat the oil in heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic, saute until soft. Stir in the diced tomatoes, strained chiles, oregano, cumin, salt, black pepper and cloves. Cover, lower the heat and simmer for approximately 30 minutes., ingredients: [5 12 pounds chuck, trimmed and cut into 2inch cubes, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for frying, 2 yellow onions, peeled and sliced in 1inch rounds, 8 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 cup lowsodium beef stock, 12 cup white vinegar, 12 cup warm water, Enchilada sauce, recipe follows, 16 6inch corn tortillas, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 cups grated pepper jack cheese, 12 cup sliced green onions, 1 6ounce can sliced black olives, 1 cup sour cream, for garnish, 4 cups boiling water, 3 ounces dried California chile pods, 6 ounces dried guajillo chile pods, 2 ounces dried pasilla chile pods, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 yellow onion, peeled and chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 28ounce can petite diced tomatoes, preferably fire roasted, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Holla Beef Enchiladas, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 34903: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the sweet potatoes in foil and bake for 30 minutes.nRemove the foil, wait until the potatoes are cool enough to handle, and then slice into 12inchthick rounds . Coat a 9 by 13inch ovenproof baking pan preferably glass with the vegetable oil. Layer the potato slices in the pan.nMix the remaining ingredients in a small bowl and drizzle over the potatoes.nCover the pan with foil and bake until barely tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake the potatoes for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until the topping begins to brown., ingredients: [3 large sweet potatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 23 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons freshly grated peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons Jamaican dark rum, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon habanero powder], title: Barbados PotatoesSweet That Is, picturelink: null}, 34904: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the granola: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the oats, almonds and coconut together on a baking sheet lined with a silicone baking mat.nWhisk together the vegetable oil and honey in a liquid measuring cup, then pour over the oat mixture. Stir until all the oats and nuts are coated. Season with salt to taste.nBake until golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove the granola from the oven and allow it to cool. Add the cherries, cranberries, and pineapple chunks. Drizzle with some of the maple syrup and toss together.nTo build the parfaits: Line up eight parfait glasses. Start with a large spoonful of the granola, followed by a layer of yogurt, then a layer of berries and a drizzle of maple syrup. Repeat the layers one more time, finishing with berries, drizzled with maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 12 cups whole almonds, 34 cup shredded coconut, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup honey, Salt, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup dried pineapple chunks, 12 cup maple syrup, 4 cups plain yogurt, 4 cups mixed berries raspberries, blueberries and strawberries, quartered], title: Homemade Berry Granola Parfaits, picturelink: 8QTWT4WcQ6sMGSn6YigfLRvfIfE2rS.}, 34905: {instructions: Very finely cut the 34 of the chocolate and place it in a heatproof bowl. Bring a pan of water to a simmer, remove from the heat, and place the bowl of chocolate over the water. Be careful that the bottom of the bowl does not touch the surface of the water or the chocolate will overheat. Stir the chocolate frequently as it is melting. Take the chocolates temperature occasionally, to make sure that it does not exceed 120 degrees F.nRemove the bowl from the water dry the bottom of the bowl, so that there is no risk of water falling into the melted chocolate. Add the remaining chocolate in large pieces. Stir constantly to melt and incorporate the remaining chocolate. This process should take between 5 and 10 minutes.nTo bring the chocolate into a completely tempered state, reheat it repeatedly over the same pan of hot water for no more than 2 or 3 seconds at a time, until it reaches a temperature of 87 to 91 degrees F for bittersweet or semisweet chocolate or 84 to 88 degrees for milk or white chocolate.nCheck the temperature of the chocolate after each heating, to prevent overheating it. If the temperature rises above 91 degrees F, the chocolate goes out of temper and you must start the process from the beginning.nTemperature is an important part of tempering and a good thermometer makes thenprocess a lot easier. Bear in mind the temperatures in the chart below when tempering chocolate.nTemperature Chart:n110 to 120 degrees F: The chocolate should be melted to this temperature before tempering. The chocolate should be cooled by adding finely cut chocolate to begin restabilizing the crystals.n87 to 91 degrees F: The chocolate should be elevated to this temperature to be in temper for bittersweet and semisweet chocolates.n84 to 88 degrees F: The chocolate should be elevated to this temperature to be in temper for milk and white chocolates.nWhen you melt chocolate, the crystals in the cocoa butter dissolve and become unstable. If the chocolate sets again after being melted, the cocoa butter rises to the surface and forms a gray film. To prevent this, you need to temper the chocolate so the crystals become stable and the chocolate sets with a good texture and sheen. To make any number of chocolate decorations, cutouts or fine piping done on paper and transferred, it is important to temper the chocolate.nThere are several different methods for tempering, all of which are geared toward restabilizing the crystals of cocoa butter so the chocolate returns to the same state it was in before melting. It is not practical to temper less than 1 12 pounds of chocolate since in a small quantity, temperature changes occur so rapidly that the chocolate will go in and out of temper haphazardly during the process., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 pounds chocolate], title: Tempering Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 34906: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 7 by 11inch baking pan with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nIn a bowl, stir the oats, sunflower seeds, almonds, coconut, flax seed meal and cinnamon. Transfer to a dry sheet tray and toast in the oven for 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nWhile dry ingredients toast, in a medium pot, add the honey, coconut oil and vanilla. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the honey turns a copper color, 12 to 15 minutes.nPour the honey into the dry ingredients and mix until well coated with the honey mixture.nPour onto the prepared baking pan. Pack down the ingredients. Bake for about 10 minutes the middle may seem slightly sticky but it will cool nicely. Let cool in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Flip over, take off the parchment and cut into rectangles. Serve.nFor other flavors, make the following substitutions to the recipe above: Ruby Cranberry: Omit the almonds and add an additional 14 cup dried cranberries. Nathan BlueberryAlmond: Substitute the cranberries with dried blueberries. Enzo: CashewAlmond: Omit the cranberries and add 14 cup cashews to the dry ingredients. Ellie CashewDate: Substitute the almonds with cashews and substitute the cranberries with dried dates., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups oats, 13 cup sunflower seeds, 14 cup whole raw almonds, skin on, 14 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 14 cup flax seed meal, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup dried cranberries], title: Lola Granola Bars, picturelink: null}, 34907: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large saute pan, over medium high heat, saute the garlic cloves in olive oil with the blackening spices. Place tomatillos, scallions, 1 clove of garlic, cilantro, jalapeno, and salt and pepper in a food processor and puree. Set aside.nIn a large bowl whisk together lime juice and extra virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace crabs in deep glass dish and pour milk over them. In an another dish place flour and dredge the crabs through to cover.nIn a large saute pan, over high heat, saute crabs until golden brown and crisp.nRemove crabs and drain on paper towels.nMix black beans, arugula, and vinaigrette and season portion mixture equally on plates. Top bean mixture with a crab and drizzle with garlic tomatillo sauce. Garnish with sliced red onions, avocado, chives, and spiced garlic cloves., ingredients: [20 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon blackening spice, 2 12 tomatillos, 1 12 bunch scallions, 14 bunch cilantro, 1 jalapeno pepper, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 9 soft shell crabs, cleaned, 34 cup milk, 34 cup flour, 1 bunch arugula, washed and drained, 2 ounces black beans cooked, 1 small red onion, very thinly sliced, 1 ripe avocado, 12 tablespoon chives], title: Flash Fried Soft Shell Crabs with Garlic Tomatillo Sauce, picturelink: null}, 34908: {instructions: Special equipment: smokernCream together the egg yolks, some jalapenos if youre feeling devious, the mayo, brisket, onions, mustard, sriracha and salt to taste. Pipe a generous portion into each of the whites. And because we have a monster smoker just sitting around waiting for someone to stuff edible things into it, we smoke the eggs for 3 to 4 minutes. A quick dusting of smoked paprika or cayenne on top and theyre done.nThese deviled eggs have personality., ingredients: [12 large eggs, hardboiled, shells removed, whites and yolks separated, Diced jalapenos, optional, 13 cup mayo, 14 cup finely chopped brisket weve been known to substitute jalapeno sausage, 14 cup finely chopped red onions, 1 tablespoon housemade mustard or Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sriracha or your favorite hot sauce, Salt, Smoked paprika or cayenne pepper], title: Lockhart Smokehouse Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 34909: {instructions: Coat a large deep pot with olive oil. Add the onions and sprinkle generously with salt. Bring the pan to a medium heat. Stir the onions to coat with oil. Cover the pot and sweat for 15 to 20 minutes.nOnce the onions have gotten very soft and let off a lot of water, remove the lid and let the onions cook looooow and sloooooooooow. Thats right low and slow to really develop their rich brown color and sweet flavor. There is no shortcut or rush for this, DO NOT TRY Caramelized onions take a long time, about an hour, accept it and move on.nWhen the onions are very brown and have gotten considerably smaller, add the sherry and cook until the sherry has reduced by half. Add the bay leaves, thyme bundle and chicken stock. Bring to a boil and reduce heat and simmer for at least 1 hour. TASTE for seasoning, you probably will need to season with salt. If the stock reduces too much add water to keep the liquid level up this IS a soup after all. When done, the soup should be thick and very full flavored. TASTE You may need to resason, caramelized onions are very sweet and require a fair amount of salt.nToast or grill the baguette slices. Fill ovenproof crocks 34 of the way with the onion soup, float 2 toasts in each bowl and top with grated Gruyere. Place the crocks under the broiler to melt the cheese and make it brown and bubbly. Top with chopped chives.nVoila, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 8 large onions, thinly sliced from stem to root end, Kosher salt, 6 ounces dry sherry, 4 bay leaves, 1 bundle thyme, 2 quarts chicken stock, 12 thin slices baguette, 12 pound Gruyere, grated, 12 bunch chopped chives], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 34910: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan, combine sugar, water, corn syrup, and salt. Swirl the pot over the burner to dissolve the sugar completely, do not stir. Increase the heat and boil to softball stage 250 degrees. Use a candy thermometer for accuracy. Wash down the inside wall of the pot with a wet pastry brush if necessary. Remove from heat, stir in the butter and vanilla.nCoat 3 sheet pans with nonstick spray. Pour the mixture onto the sheet pans, dividing in 3 equal portions. Mix the peppermint extract and a couple of drops of green food coloring in 1 batch. Mix the orange extract and a couple of drops of yellow food coloring in another batch. Leave the plain vanilla batch as is. As the candy cools, lift the edges toward the center with a metal spatula or bench scraper so they dont harden. When just cool enough to handle, butter your hands and pull the taffy into long ropes. Twist and pull until the taffy is stiff and the color is even. Cut the ropes into 1inch pieces with clean, buttered kitchen scissors. Wrap each piece in waxed paper and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 1 teaspoon orange extract, Food coloring, Butter], title: Tricolor Taffy, picturelink: null}, 34911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large stock pot, boil 3 quarts of water, when boiling add 2 tablespoons kosher salt and the pasta and cook until the pasta is al dente.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, add bacon and saute until bacon is crispy. Remove bacon to drain on a paper towellined plate and remove 34 of the bacon fat from the pan. Add extravirgin olive oil, onions, and red chili flakes. Cook until onions are translucent, add garlic, cook for 2 minutes then add tomatoes. Saute for 5 minutes, then deglaze with wine.nDrain pasta and add to the tomato mixture pan. Add basil and bacon. Toss with Parmesan, and add salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 16 ounces spaghetti pasta, 1 pound thickcut bacon or pancetta, chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup red onion, diced, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 2 cups Roma tomatoes, diced, 14 cup red wine, 4 tablespoons basil, chiffonade, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bacon and Tomato Pasta, picturelink: Oc6YLccNVxDhjKCc0GlYaxc3F9BJEy}, 34912: {instructions: Pound the pork tenderloin until it is flat. Dredge in flour and pan fry in corn oil, browning both sides. Remove the schnitzel from the pan. Add chopped onion and mushrooms to the pan, and then saute. To finish, add red wine, Worcestershire sauce, sour cream, and brown gravy. Place on serving dish and top with sauce from pan., ingredients: [6 ounces pork tenderloin, 1 cup flour, 1 cup corn oil, 3 ounces chopped onion, 3 ounces sliced mushrooms, 1 ounce red wine, 12 ounce sour cream, 3 ounce brown gravy, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Homemade Schnitzel, picturelink: null}, 34913: {instructions: Trim radishes and cut lengthwise into 12inch wedges.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons butter in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then saute radish wedges with salt, stirring, until crisptender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a platter and keep warm, loosely covered.nSaute garlic in remaining tablespoon butter in skillet over moderately high heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add watercress and saute, covered, until wilted, about 2 to 3 minutes. Return radish wedges to skillet to reheat quickly and serve., ingredients: [4 bunches radishes, quartered, leaving a bit of the greens on top for decoration, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt preferably sea salt, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 4 bunches watercress, coarse stems discarded and watercress rinsed, but not spun dry about 10 cups], title: Sauteed Radishes and Watercress, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 34914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the top off the foccacia and hollow out the bread inside. Tear the top of the foccacia and the inside bread into 1inch pieces and save for the egg mixture. Brush the inside of the foccacia with the Meyer lemon olive oil. Place on a baking sheet and toast for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk the eggs. Add the basil, cheese, salt, pepper, and milk. Whisk lightly. Stir in up to 4 cups of the bread pieces.nCarefully pour the egg mixture into the toasted foccacia bottom. Return to the oven and bake until the eggs have cooked, about 35 to 40 minutes.nCut the baked foccacia into 6 to 8 pieces and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large loaf foccacia bread, 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon olive oil, or 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil combined with 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup milk], title: Lemon and Basil Eggs over Foccacia, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 34915: {instructions: Place peppers on grill and char. Remove from grill and place in bowl and cover with plastic wrap for 10 minutes. Cut peppers in half and remove skin and seeds. Mix eggs, feta, parsley, and chiles. Fill peppers evenly and place under broiler until golden brown., ingredients: [4 bell peppers any color, 1 egg beaten, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 minced Hungarian hot pepper], title: Roasted Peppers with Feta, picturelink: null}, 34916: {instructions: To make the candied pecans, set a nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the butter and sugar and once it has melted toss in the pecans and continue to toss to coat and cook evenly, about 1 minute. Transfer to a sheet tray lined with waxed paper use 2 forks to separate pecans while you prepare the salad.nMake the dressing by combining the chopped shallot, Dijon and balsamic vinegar in a large mixing bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while you whisk to emulsify. Add the maple syrup and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nAssemble salad by tossing greens and pear slices in a large mixing bowl with maplebalsamic dressing. Top with shaved Parmesan and candied pecans., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 12 cup raw pecans, 1 small shallot, finely diced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons maple syrup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head endive, separated leaves, 2 hearts frisee, hand torn, 1 large radicchio, torn leaves, 1 red pear, sliced, 14 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Fall Salad, picturelink: null}, 34917: {instructions: Trim any excess fat from the steaks, cut into 1inch cubes, and place in a large nonreactive bowl.nPlace onion, garlic, lime juice, salt, pepper, and saffron or cumin, in a food processor and process until smooth. Pour mixture over meat, toss to coat, cover and marinate 30 minutes at room temperature, or up to 12 hours in the refrigerator.nWhen ready to cook, heat grill to medium heat 350 degrees F and oil well. Thread meat on skewers, leaving at least 12inch space between each piece of meat. In a small bowl and the tomatoes, drizzle with oil, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat thoroughly. Place meat and tomatoes on grill. Cook meat, turning once, until charred and mediumrare, about 7 to 10 minutes. Cook tomatoes, turning rarely, until blistered and soft, about 10 minutes.nRemove meat from skewers and have guests assemble their own sandwiches with meat, tomatoes, lavash, yogurt, and cilantro., ingredients: [2 pounds sirloin steak, 1 medium white onion, roughly chopped, 5 medium garlic cloves, crushed, 1 medium lime, juiced about 4 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 pinches saffron steeped a few minutes in 2 tablespoons boiling water or 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 8 12inch metal or wooden skewers, if wooden, soak in water for 15 minutes, 8 medium Roma tomatoes, Olive oil, Lavash bread, for serving, Plain yogurt, for serving, Cilantro leaves, for serving], title: Persian Beef Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 34918: {instructions: Blend the green onion, basil, garlic, mayonnaise, sour cream, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender until creamy and pale green. Taste the sauce and season with salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [1 green onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfect Basil Sauce, picturelink: t8Iff1cNlyYQnzm0rFlz8UUSyFtJdS}, 34919: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 9inch pie plate preferably deepdish and pastry bagnFor the gingersnap cookie crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the gingersnap crumbs in a large bowl and drizzle half of the melted butter all over. Using your hand or a silicone spatula, mix thoroughly. Add more butter a little at a time until you can make a fist with the crumbs that retains its shape but is easily broken not too dry, and not too wet.nPress the crumbs tightly into a 9inch pie plate. A deep pie plate is much more suited to this task.nBake until the crust feels quite firm to the touch, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nFor the pumpkin filling: Whisk together the milk, brown sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil for 3 minutes, whisking constantly.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs. Gradually add half of the hot milk mixture to the eggs, whisking constantly. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring often, until thick, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the pumpkin puree and salt. Pour into the pie shell and chill until set, 2 to 3 hours.nFor the rum cheesecake topping: Cream together the cream cheese and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer. Add the cream, rum extract, egg, nutmeg, cloves and vanilla bean seeds. Mix until well combined. Use a silicone spatula to fill a pastry piping bag with the filling. Cut off the tip.nPipe the cheesecake over the pumpkin filling, minding not to get too close to the crumb crust. Use a spatula to smooth out the topping to just meet the crust edge, being careful not to drag crumbs over the surface. Bake until the top is glossy and the center still wiggles, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [3 12 cups gingersnap crumbs see Cooks Note, 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups lowfat milk, 34 cup brown sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 large eggs, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 14 teaspoon salt, 10 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon rum extract, 1 large egg, Pinch of ground nutmeg, Pinch of ground cloves, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped], title: Pumpkin Cream Pie with Gingersnap Crust and Rum Cheesecake Topping, picturelink: EsBBmu6eFQnrl65VREJUp.GipbshSq}, 34920: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhip together the Cheddar and butter until fluffy. Mix together the flour, paprika, pepper flakes and sea salt, and then gradually whip into the butterCheddar mixture. Stir in the beef jerky and onions until combined.nScoop balls of dough 2 to 3 inches apart on a baking sheet using a tablespoonsize disher. Flatten the dough balls to about 14inch thick with the bottom of a greasedup glass. Bake until the edges just start to brown, about 9 minutes.nFor the frosting: Meanwhile, whip together the cream cheese, tomato paste and salt.nLet the cookies cool, then frost and enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound grated Cheddar, 6 ounces pastured unsalted butter, room temperature, 8 34 ounces allpurpose flour, 18 ounce paprika, 18 ounce red pepper flakes, 18 ounce sea salt, 12 cup chopped beef jerky better if you make your own, 2 tablespoons dehydrated onions, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Dash salt], title: Cookie Confidentials Philly Cheesesteak Cookie, picturelink: null}, 34921: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sesame aioli: Soak the hijiki in warm water for 5 minutes. Drain, chop and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, ginger, jalapeno, and shallots to the oil and saute until they soften, about 45 seconds. Make sure you dont brown the ingredients. Next, add the soy sauce, mirin and rice wine vinegar. Turn the heat up to a boil, and reduce by half, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nIn a bowl, add the mayonnaise, hijiki and the reduced soy sauce mixture. Stir until combined. Then, slowly add the sesame oil while stirring. Yield: 1 12 cups.nFor the oysters: Heat the lap cheong in a saute pan over medium heat until it is slightly rendered, about 1 minute. Remove the lap cheong from the pan and dice.nNext, add the olive oil, garlic and shallots to the saute pan and cook over medium heat until theyre nice and toasty, about 1 minute. Make sure you dont brown the garlic and shallots. Then add the spinach and cook until it is lightly wilted. Remove the spinach from the heat and allow to cool. Finish with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nWash, scrub and shuck your oysters. Remove the oysters from the shells and fill the shells with sauteed spinach. Place the oysters on top of the spinach. Then top each of the oysters with more sauteed spinach, some sesame aioli and lap cheong.nPut the oysters on the grill, close the lid and within 5 minutes they will be ready to eat.nTo plate, place some salad on a platter, such as mizuna, a Chinese lettuce. Then, set the 12 oysters on top of the salad and garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 ounce hijiki seaweed, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon diced jalapeno, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 cup sliced lap cheong Chinese sausage, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 8 ounces fresh spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 oysters, Mizuna, for serving, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Fire Roasted Oysters, picturelink: VZZLRyAxkzG7bSul6rKuklvW4QKX6Mq}, 34922: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nGenerously butter a 9inch springform pan and dust the bottom and sides with the ground cornflakes. Wrap the pan in heavyduty aluminum foil, then refrigerate the pan while preparing the batter.nIn a large mixing bowl, use an electric mixer to combine the cream cheese, sour cream, sugar, cornstarch, orange and lemon extracts, and salt. Add 3 of the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition.nSeparate the remaining 2 eggs. Mix the yolks into the batter.nIn another bowl, with the mixer on low speed, beat the heavy cream, egg whites, and confectionersu00bf sugar until combined. Stir the cream mixture into the batter, then strain through a fine mesh sieve into the chilled pan.nSet the springform pan in a roasting pan and add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the springform. Cover the top with aluminum foil and bake for 15 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 250 degrees F, uncover, and bake for 2 hours more. Increase the heat to 350 degrees F. and bake until light golden and set, about 10 minutes more.nPlace on a rack to cool completely, then refrigerate overnight.nRelease pan sides and transfer cheesecake to a platter., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing pan, 14 cup frosted cornflakes or similar cereal, finely ground, 1 12 pounds cream cheese, softened, 8 ounces sour cream, 1 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon orange extract, 12 teaspoon lemon extract, Pinch salt, 5 eggs, 1 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectionersu2019 sugar], title: Christinas Daddys Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 34923: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the onions to a foillined baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss everything together. Transfer to the oven and roast for 35 minutes, or until the onions are tender and golden. Set aside to cool completely.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the cream cheese, sour cream, Parmesan, mayonnaise, Worcestershire, chives and the roasted onions. Beat until light and fluffy and wellcombined. Scrape the mixture into a serving bowl using a rubber spatula. Sprinkle the remaining chives over the top and serve., ingredients: [1 red onion, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoon thinly sliced chives, plus a pinch for garnish], title: Roasted Onion Dip, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 34924: {instructions: Put the puff pastry on a wellfloured counter and bash it with a rolling pin. Usually, we need to be quite delicate with puff pastry, as it needs to puff up a lot, but for palmiers it needs to puff up only a little. Roll the pastry out into a rectangle about 12 by 14in 30 by 35cm and 18in 3mm thick. Spread the tomatoes over the puff pastry and sprinkle over the rosemary.nWith the shortest end facing you, take both long edges of the pastry and roll them toward each other to meet in the middle. Brush a little egg down the center to stick the two halves together. Carefully lift onto a large baking sheet, making sure it will fit in your refrigerator first, and put in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes to chill and harden.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nRemove the roll from the refrigerator and, using a very sharp knife, slice it into 12in 1cm thick pieces. Lay each piece on the baking sheet and brush well with the beaten egg, then bake in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes until puffed up, crisp, and golden.nRemove the palmiers from the oven and let cool on the baking sheet. To serve, pile them high on a plate. These are great little canapes for waiting guests., ingredients: [1lb 2oz500g homemade or shopbought puff pastry, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 10oz280g jar of sundried tomatoes, drained and finely chopped, Few sprigs of fresh rosemary, leaves only, finely chopped, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: SunDried Tomato and Rosemary Palmiers, picturelink: null}, 34925: {instructions: Remove the meat of the lobster tails, making sure to keep them intact. One by one, pound the tails thin: Cover the top and bottom with plastic wrap, place on a hard surface and use a smooth mallet to gradually pound the tail to less than 1 inch thick and uniform. Repeat with each tail.nPlace the panko and flour and in separate shallow dishes. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Place the egg in another dish. Place the dishes in the order of egg, flour and panko. Take a lobster tail and rinse with the egg, letting the excess drip off before placing it in the flour, lightly coating both sides. Finally press the lobster into the panko, pressing on both sides to coat evenly. Set aside and repeat with the remaining tails.nReduce the wine and shallots to onefourth in a medium saucepan over medium highheat. Add the chicken stock and reduce by half. Add the key lime juice and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and slowly whisk in the cold butter. Check for seasoning and keep warm.nHeat the clarified butter in a mediumtolarge skillet over medium heat. Sear the lobster tails until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side these can be done in batches. Be careful not to overcook: the lobster is done when it begins to become firm to the touch.nServe with the sauce and enjoy., ingredients: [Four 6ounce lobster tails, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 12 cup white wine, 1 shallot diced, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 ounces key lime juice, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold and cut into cubes, 14 cup clarified butter], title: Lobster Schnitzel with Key Lime Buerre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 34926: {instructions: Whisk the flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice, mustard, salt and black pepper together in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and the sugars with a hand mixer electric mixer on mediumhigh until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the egg yolk and vanilla and beat on medium speed until just incorporated, about 20 seconds. Add the molasses and ginger preserves and continue beating until the batter is an even light brown color, 30 seconds more.nAdd the dry ingredients all at once, beating slowly to make a soft, smooth dough. Use a rubber spatula to make sure all ingredients are combined. Then beat again for 20 seconds. Cover the bowl with plastic and refrigerate the dough until firm, about 25 minutes.nPut about 12 cup sugar in a small bowl. With a cookie scoop or a small ice cream scoop, portion the dough into a slightly heaping tablespoon for each cookie. Roll the dough, by hand, into balls. Roll the tops of the balls in the sugar, and space them 2 inches apart on a nonstick or lightly oiled cookie sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 25 minutes. The chilling is what gives this cookie a beautiful, crackly crunch on top, and a soft, chewy center.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBake until the top is crackly, and the insides peeking out through are dark and moist but not raw, about 15 to 20 minutes. Briefly cool the cookies on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nServe or store in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 weeks., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 5 cracks freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, plus more for rolling the cookies, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup unsulphured molasses, 2 tablespoons ginger preserves see Cooks Note], title: Ginger Cookie, picturelink: XFEsaj3baTnQDIKZ0kCAfdCHLLGBUlm}, 34927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUse a paring knife cut a canoeshaped opening in the top of the curved side of the banana. Peel back the peel and slice the banana down the center lengthwise, being carefully not to cut through to the other side. Open up the banana, making a pocket for the candy. Scoop a small amount of the banana out. Sprinkle each banana with 14 cup chopped candy. Wrap the banana in foil and grill, covered, until the candies are melted and the bananas are soft, 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 medium bananas, 1 cup assorted chopped chocolate candies], title: Grilled Banana Boats, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 34928: {instructions: Mix chicken with garlic, parsley, cheese, fennel seeds, pepper, and salt. Form 6 large, thin patties, 4 to 5 inches, or 12 small patties, 2 to 3 inches. Preheat a large, nonstick skillet and fry sausage in extravirgin olive oil, 3 or 4 minutes on each side over medium to medium high heat., ingredients: [1 13 to 1 12 pounds ground chicken breast, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 13 palm full, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 13 palm full, 34 teaspoon salt, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan], title: Sweet Italian Chicken Sausage Patties, picturelink: null}, 34929: {instructions: In a wide frying pan or saute pan over high heat, warm oil and add onion and sausage cook, stirring, until onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add thyme, beans, and rice and stir until wellcoated with oil. Stir in tomatoes and water and bring to a boil add saffron and mix well. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red or yellow onion, chopped, 1 andouille or linguica sausage, diced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 34 pound romano beans or green beans, cut into 1inch lengths, 1 cup shortgrain rice, such as Arborio, Valenciana, or California shortgrain, 1 14 ounces can chopped tomatoes, with their juice, 1 cup water, Pinch saffron], title: Ranchero Rice, picturelink: null}, 34930: {instructions: Over high heat, bring a large stockpot filled with salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, prepare an ice bath, and set aside. Add bok choy to the boiling water. Blanch until just tender, about 1 12 minutes. Immediately transfer bok choy to the ice bath to stop the cooking process. Drain, and set aside.nPlace ginger and shallots in a medium mixing bowl. Whisk in oyster sauce and vinegar. Whisk in 4 tablespoons canola oil, the soy sauce, lime juice, and cayenne pepper. Set aside. The recipe can be prepared up to this point 2 hours ahead.nIn a large saucepan over high heat, bring 14 cup water to a boil. Whisk in butter, and lower the heat to mediumhigh. Season bok choy with salt and pepper, and add it to the pan. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.nDivide the remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil between 2 10inch nonstick skillets. Place skillets over high heat until oil is just smoking. Season both sides of the grouper with salt and pepper. Place 2 grouper fillets in each skillet, and cook until the fish is browned on the bottom side, about 3 minutes. Turn, and saute about 3 minutes more, or until a metal cake tester inserted into the center of the fillets feels hot when touched to your lip. Remove from heat, and set aside.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the bok choy from the saucepan, and arrange it in the center of 4 dinner plates. Top with the grouper. Whisk the sauce lightly, and spoon it around the bok choy. Sprinkle sesame seeds over the sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Fine sea salt, 12 heads baby bok choy about 2 pounds, roots trimmed, leaves separated and cleaned, 1 tablespoon finely diced ginger, 2 tablespoons shallots, finely diced, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 6 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 7ounce grouper fillets, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted], title: Grouper with Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 34931: {instructions: Combine butter and brown sugar in a 12inch cast iron skillet and heat until bubbly. Add pineapple and caramelize to a deep golden brown, turning once. Remove from skillet and set aside. Pour rum and cream into a skillet and cook over low heat 5 minutes, until thickened, stirring constantly with a whisk. Remove from heat.nButter a 10inch round cake pan and line with parchment paper. Arrange pineapple rings to cover bottom of pan. Pour cooled sauce over pineapple and set pan aside.nSift together flour, baking powder, soda and salt. Set asidenIn a large bowl cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating after each addition. Add vanilla. Combine pineapple juice and buttermilk. Alternately add sifted dry ingredients and juicebuttermilk mixture to creamed mixture begin and end with dry ingredients. Whip egg whites to soft peaks and fold into batter. Bake at 350 degrees about 1 hour, or until a tester comes out clean. Invert onto a serving platter., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 large pineapple, cored, sliced into 13inch rings about 10, 14 cup dark rum, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 13 cups sugar, 3 eggs, separated, 1 12 teaspoons Tahitian vanilla extract, 14 cup fresh pineapple juice, 12 cup buttermilk], title: Pineapple Upside Down Cake, picturelink: YIXcbR4ii96.9SABszENny5s44ykuZC}, 34932: {instructions: Sweat shallots and ginger in the oil in a large saucepan. Stir in flour and cook until it looks like wet sand. Whisk in stock and water. Add miso paste, soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, sesame oil and chili flakes. Bring to a simmer and cook 20 minutes. Add corn and tofu and cook 10 minutes longer. Add snow peas or frozen peas and cook until vibrant green. Season, to taste, with salt., ingredients: [4 shallots, minced, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and thickly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart chicken stock, 4 cups water, 14 cup miso paste, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoons fish sauce, Sugar, to taste about 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, Dash chili flakes, 5 ounces frozen corn kernels, 1 package firm tofu, 2 big handfuls snow peas or frozen peas if snow peas are too expensive, Salt], title: Miso and Corn Soup, picturelink: bknbHiL1ZW1ZHvtq5uExOzMaFx..6i}, 34933: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until the hummus is coarsely pureed. Taste for seasoning and serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups canned chickpeas, drained, liquid reserved, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 13 cup tahini sesame paste, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons water or liquid from the chickpeas, 8 dashes Tabasco sauce], title: Hummus, picturelink: null}, 34934: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPrick each potato all over several times with a fork. Rub the oil on the potatoes and sprinkle the skin with salt and pepper. Place the prepared potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until the potatoes are fork tender, about 45 minutes. Allow to cool on the countertop before you handle.nLower the oven to 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the scallions, garlic, onion powder, dry mustard, 4 ounces cheese, cream cheese and 1 teaspoon salt.nSlice a 14inch lid off of each potato lengthwise. Using a spoon, scoop out the insides and leave about a 18inch thick rim around the inside of the potato halves to keep them sturdy. To make things easier, slide a butter knife around the edges of the inside before scooping. Scrape the little bit of flesh still attached to the lid you sliced off and discard the leftover skin. Place the hollowed potatoes back on the baking sheet. Mash the potato flesh in a small bowl, and then add to the bowl with other ingredients. Mash together and slowly stir in the heavy cream. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Scoop this mixture back into the empty potato skins, sprinkle with the remaining 1 ounce cheese evenly over the tops and return the potatoes to the oven to bake until the tops are golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove and sprinkle with bacon bits, of using., ingredients: [4 8ounce russet potatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 5 ounces Manchego cheese, grated, divided, 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into cubes, 1 cup heavy cream, warmed, 3 strips cooked bacon, crumbled for garnish, optional], title: Sunnys Twice Baked Potatoes, picturelink: RZdjKffYjIPYgSepc.kLN7br0svOLkK}, 34935: {instructions: Special equipment: Sousvide machine and vacuum sealer, optionalnSpecial equipment: Sousvide machine and vacuum sealer, optionalnnFor the salsify puree: Combine the cream, wine, salt, pepper, salsify, onions and potatoes in a saucepot. Wrap the thyme tightly in cheesecloth and add. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and cook until the mixture is reduced by onethird and the vegetables are tender, 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Carefully remove the thyme pouch and discard. Puree the mixture until smooth using an immersion blender. Strain through a fine mesh sieve. Adjust the seasoning with more salt and pepper, if needed.nnFor the escolar: Meanwhile, if using the sous vide, heat water to 140 degrees F. Drizzle each portion of fish with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top each piece with 3 to 4 fresh tarragon leaves and place the fish into individual bags and vacuum seal. Cook the escolar pouches for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the bags and pat dry. Saute the fish in olive oil over high heat just long enough to lightly brown the outside.nnIf not using the sous vide, saute the fish in some olive oil over medium heat, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nnFor the vegetables: Saute the blanched potatoes until golden brown in a separate pan. Add the tomatoes and fennel and continue to saute until the tomatoes are warmed through but not cooked.nnTo assemble, place a small pool of salsify puree in the center of a plate. Spoon a small pile of the vegetable mixture into the center of the puree. Rest the escolar atop the vegetables. Top with shaved truffles if available., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 12 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 salsify roots, peeled and diced, stored in water withjuice of 1 lemon, 12 white onion, diced, 12 potato, peeled and diced, stored in water with juice of1 lemon, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 2 fillets escolar, cut into 6ounce, 1inchthick portions, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh tarragon, 2 cups marble potatoes, blanched and halved, 2 cups heirloom tomatoes, halved, 1 cup shaved fennel, lightly blanched, Shaved white truffles, optional], title: Sous Vide Escolar with Salsify Puree, Marble Potato, Heirloom Tomato and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 34936: {instructions: Divide the white wine among 6 large wine glasses filled with ice about twothirds of the way up the ice. Top with the club soda and garnish with a lime wheel., ingredients: [1 bottle white wine, such as Sancerre or Sauvignon Blanc, 6 ounces club soda, 6 lime wheels], title: White Wine Spritzer, picturelink: 3pFglebaTZtDZQYryFiRHU.JxNJ4RRG}, 34937: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a waffle iron to medium heat. Lay the bacon on the waffle iron and close lid. Cook for 2 12 minutes. Move the bacon pieces so the unseared areas now come in direct contact with the metal. Close the lid and cook for another 2 12 to 5 minutes, depending on desired crispness. Transfer the bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Reserve rendered fat for another use. Depending on bacon, you will have 1 to 3 tablespoons of fat., ingredients: [3 rashers thicksliced bacon, cut in half], title: Man Bacon, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 34938: {instructions: Boil water, add sugar and ginger. Simmer for 15 minutes. Cool mixture then add vodka. Chill sugar and vodka combination overnight. Strain ginger from vodka and pour into the punch bowl. Add chilled champagne when guests arrive and serve. You can add an ice ring or ice block., ingredients: [12 cup of sugar, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 12 cup vodka, 1 bottle champagne, chilled], title: Champagne Ginger Punch, picturelink: null}, 34939: {instructions: Lightly cook the garlic in the olive oil in a saute pan about 2 to3 minutes on mediumlow heat. Allow to cool.nAdd the crab and toss with the salt and pepper.nPreheat the grill to high, carefully place all the marinated crab onto the grill, allowing the oil to drip off before putting onto the grill, and cover with lid. Allow to cook about 4 to 5 minutes then turn over and allow to cook another 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove from the grill, and place into a large metal bowl. Squeeze the fresh lemon juice over the crab and toss well.nServe on a large platter with fresh lemon wedges and chopped Italian parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 1 cooked, cleaned, and cracked crab ask your local fishmonger to do this, Salt and pepper, 12 lemon, plus wedges, for garnish, Chopped Italian parsley leaves, for garnish], title: B.B.Q. Garlic Crab, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 34940: {instructions: In a blender puree shallots with the red wine vinegar until smooth. Set aside. Shuck oysters. Shucked oysters may be kept, covered with a wet towel, in the refrigerator up to an hour. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of sauce over each oyster to cover with a thin layer. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 shallots, peeled and sliced, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 36 fresh oysters], title: 2toTango Oysters on the Half Shell, picturelink: null}, 34941: {instructions: Poke holes all over the roast. Slice 4 large cloves of garlic. Stick the garlic into the holes. Liberally season the meat all over with salt and black pepper, to taste. Heat the extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat in a large Dutch oven. When the oil smokes, add the meat and brown on all sides. Remove the meat to a plate. Crush the remaining garlic and add it to the pot along with the onions, bay leaves, carrots, celery and rosemary. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover the pot with a lid and sweat the vegetables for 7 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the tomato paste and wine, and let reduce for 1 to 2 minutes, scraping up the bits from the bottom of the pot. Stir in the stockinabox. Return the meat to the pot and cover with a lid. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook for 2 12 hours.nWhen meat is about done, bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat for the pasta.nRemove the meat to a cutting board and cool 15 minutes. Slice the roast and arrange half of the meat on a platter.nCook the pasta to al dente while the meat is resting. Drain the pasta and add it to a serving bowl. Remove the vegetables with a slotted spoon and arrange them alongside the meat. Spoon a few juices over the top. Melt the butter in small pan over low heat and add the sage leaves. Add the sage butter to the bowl with the pasta and toss together. Season with salt. Ladle the remainder of the juices over the pasta. Serve the meat and veggies with pasta alongside. Cool and store the remainder of the meat in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 4 12 to 5 pound rump roast, trimmed and tied, 1 head garlic, cloves peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 medium onions, red or yellow, peeled and each cut into 8 wedges, 2 fresh bay leaves, 6 medium carrots, peeled and cut into thick pieces on an angle, 4 ribs celery from the heart with leafy tops, cut into thick pieces, 4 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stockinabox, 1 pound egg pasta such as tagliatelle, 8 tablespoons butter, 4 sprigs sage, leaves only], title: Italian Roast Beef, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 34942: {instructions: Grate the potato onto a cutting board, salt it, then transfer to a paper towel lined bowl or plate to drain.nPlace potato, onion, pork, parsley, thyme, salt and pepper in the food processor and pulse grind to form a sausage mixture. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat with extravirgin olive oil. When oil is hot, form 8 potatosausage patties 3 inches wide, 12inch thick, and set into skillet. Cook patties 6 to 7 minutes on each side until they are deeply golden brown in color., ingredients: [1 small Idaho potato, peeled, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, about 13 cup, 34 pound ground pork, A few sprigs fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, 13 palm full, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan], title: Sausage OPatties, picturelink: .Iq9TIF8yXaNnbc.0HX.i6s0NCBk8GC}, 34943: {instructions: Pre heat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a skillet over high heat, cook chorizo. When the sausages are almost cooked through, add the onion, jalapeno, and pepper and saute until vegetables are soft. Remove chorizo mixture to a bowl and let it cool.nIn medium bowl, mix eggs, milk, and salt and pepper. Add the chorizo mixture to the egg mixture.nSpray nonstick cooking spray on a pie pan, place 1 tortilla and pour the eggchorizo mixture into the pan. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven, top with another tortilla and the shredded cheeses and bake for another 5 minutes.nRemove from oven and garnish with scallions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup chorizo, sliced into 12inch thick pieces, 12 cup red onion, diced, 2 tablespoons jalapeno, finely diced, 12 cup red bell pepper, 8 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 9inch flour tortillas, 14 cup shredded jack cheese, 14 cup shredded Cheddar, 12 cup scallions, diced], title: La Manzania Frittata, picturelink: null}, 34944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace ham face down in a shallow baking pan and cover loosely with aluminum foil.nPlace on lower rack of oven and bake for 1 hour.nWhile the ham is baking, mix together all the glaze ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nAfter 1 hour of cooking, remove ham from oven, uncover and stand ham up on 1 side. With a sharp knife and in a tictactoe fashion, make shallow cuts all over the fatty side of the ham, scoring 1inch squares. Insert single whole cloves in every corner of the squares created by the cuts. Pour the glaze over the top and let drip down the ham. Place uncovered ham back in the oven and cook for another 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 15 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [9 to 10 pound hickory smoked ham fully cooked, butt portion, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 14 cups sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 to 3 tablespoons bourbon, 1 tablespoon whole cloves], title: Baked Ham with Low Carb Maple Bourbon Glaze, picturelink: IN2fjlaKMqFBVgv4eAW1XSauKKnyA2}, 34945: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees F, or highest setting.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss potato wedges with oil and melted butter. Spread potatoes in a single layer on a cookie sheet. Roast potatoes 20 minutes, turning once, until deeply golden all over.nSeason with salt and sprinkle with malt vinegar. Pile fries into a basket or shallow dish, lined with brown paper., ingredients: [2 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, quartered lengthwise, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, a drizzle, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Coarse salt, Malt vinegar, for sprinkling], title: Malt Vinegar Oven Fries, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 34946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the sundried tomatoes and oil, walnuts, cheese, crushed red pepper and garlic to a food processor and process until smooth. Add in the basil and pulse just about 5 times to retain the color of the herb. Season to taste., ingredients: [1 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes, plus 3 tablespoons of the oil, 12 cup lightly toasted walnuts, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 clove garlic, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sundried Tomato and Walnut Pesto, picturelink: Ip8xOH7TRsTLsV975Xx3GD5PhlTW8ca}, 34947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 wooden skewersnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small pot over medium heat, add the olive oil, Italian seasoning, salt and garlic. Bring to a simmer and simmer for 5 minutes.nTransfer the oil mixture to a large bowl and toss with the bread cubes. Spread the cubes in an even layer on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes.nSkewer a bread cube followed by a meatball, basil leaf and mozzarella ball, then repeat so there is 2 of everything on the skewer. Repeat with the remaining skewers.nLine up the skewers on a platter and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Serve with warm marinara sauce for dipping., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, Pinch kosher salt, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 loaf Italian bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 24 frozen mini meatballs, heated through according to package instructions, 24 leaves fresh basil, 24 mini fresh mozzarella balls 12ounce size or ciliegine, Grated Parmesan, for serving, Warm marinara sauce, for serving], title: Meatball Sub on a Stick, picturelink: yZRjd14avifLm3EoqXZBBQ8v6fy3txS}, 34948: {instructions: Cut each phyllo pastry sheet into six squares, about 4 inches each. Layer six squares of phyllo pastry in each of six muffin cups, brushing each layer with butter and placing the corners of the squares to create a petal effect. Bake at 375 degrees F for 10 minutes or until phyllo is crisp and lightly browned. Brush bottom of each pastry cup lightly with honey, using about 1 tablespoon among the 6 cups. Remove phyllo cups from muffin pan and cool on baking rack. Toss grapes with liqueur and remaining 2 tablespoons honey. Mix well and let stand 30 minutes.nNote: You may use whipped cream cheese or prepared vanilla pudding instead of yogurt, if you prefer. Roll remaining phyllo from the purchased package in waxed paper then in plastic wrap and store according to package recommendation.nNutritional Stats: Using yogurt: Calories 194 Protein 3 g Fat 8 g Carbohydrates 26 g Cholesterol 22 mg Fiber 1.0 g Sodium 150 mg., ingredients: [6 sheets phyllo pastry see note, 14 cup butter, melted, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups California seedless grapes, 2 tablespoons orange flavor liqueur, 34 cup vanilla yogurt see note], title: Crisp Grape Tarts, picturelink: lOdC99Uzcp39Vuc76HDUAgguPIJTwC}, 34949: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl stir together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Set aside.nPlace the pine nuts, 12 cup sugar, and fennel seeds in a food processor and pulse to mince the nuts. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice, and the carrots. Pulse to mince the carrots. Add the mascarpone cheese and pulse until the cheese is incorporated.nIn a large bowl, using a hand mixer, cream together the butter and remaining 12 cup sugar. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, until well blended.nAdd the carrot mixture to the butter mixture and stir until combined. Add in the reserved dry ingredients and stir until just incorporated.nPlace the mixture in a lightly greased and floured 8 by 10 by2inch baking dish. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes.nLet the cake cool for 1 hour, then dust with powdered sugar. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup pine nuts about 6 ounces, 12 cup sugar, plus 12 cup, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 cups peeled and chopped carrots about 6 carrots, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 5 eggs, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: ParmaStyle Carrot Cake, picturelink: NhIThBlOsEp.KpGw0p7N4ZdxTG1RnFy}, 34950: {instructions: Court bouillon: In a large pot bring water to a boil, and simmer all ingredients, except the vinegar for 10 minutes, then add the vinegar and let simmer for another 5 minutes. Yield: 3 quartsnCooking and cleaning the lobster: Bring the court bouillon to boil, and cook the lobsters 9 minutes for 1 12 pounds. Remove with a skimmer, and drain. When cold, put the lobster on its back, cut the tail in its center, pry open and remove the tail in 1 piece. Remove the vein. Slice 30 medallions and set aside. Break each claw under the joint and remove the flesh without breaking it. Flesh from the claws should remain whole.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees FahrenheitnCooking the Beets and the French String Beans: Wrap the beets skin on in aluminum foil so that the juice will not runout. Cook them for 1 hour and 30 minutes. Let them cool down, remove the skin and cut 30 slices of 18inch 5 slices per portion. With a round die cut 1 34 inches in diameter cut a nice round circle from each slice. Keep the parings to make a salad with potatoes, touch of garlic and olive oil.nPlace on the fire a pot of water to boil with a pinch of Hawaiian salt. Clean the string beans and place them in the boiling water and cook them quickly if they cook too slowly they will turn yellow. They should be cooked in 3 to 4 minutes depending on quality and size. When you bite them they should be soft. Once cooked place them quickly in iced water so they keep their color. Drain and cut them into sections 1 12inchs long, 6 pieces per portion. Set aside.nCaviar Vinaigrette: Mix the olive oil with balsamic vinegar. Add the 34ounce caviar and the chervil. Mix but do not add salt there is enough salt in the caviar. Add a touch of pepper.nOn the top of the plate, place a bouquet of salad. At the bottom forming half a circle, place 5 petals of red beets. On the inside place 5 medallions of lobster on top of the petals. A lobster claw goes on top of the bouquet of lettuce, topped with a quenelle of caviar and a sprig of chervil. On the left a bunch of string beans and on the right a tomato rose. Coat the lobster medallions with caviar vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 12 quarts water, 2 12 cups white wine, 2 chopped carrots, 1 branch thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 soup spoon black peppercorns, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 4 lobsters 1 12 pounds each, 4 large red beets, 2 ounces French string beans, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh chervil, chopped, 34ounce osetra caviar, for the vinaigrette, plus 1ounce osetra caviar, for garnish quenelles, 5 small bouquets mixed greens, tied with a sprig of blanched chive], title: Lobster Salad with Red Beets Petal and Caviar Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 34951: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high.nRinse the snapper in clean water. Pat dry with paper towels or a clean kitchen towel. Remove any large fins with sharp kitchen shears. Season the inside of the fish with salt and pepper.nRemove the leafy green tops from the fennel heads. Using the greens from 1 of the fennel heads, stuff the inside of the fish. Reserve the fennel bulbs and the remaining greens. Add the thyme and oregano and press closed. Make 3 diagonal slices on each side of the fillet. Cut down to the bone. Insert 1 lemon slice into each slit. Brush the whole fish with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nClean the surface of the grill with a grill brush. Brush the surface of the hot grill with olive oil. Place the stuffed red snapper on the preheated grill at a 45 degree angle and cook for about 10 minutes or until the fish easily lifts off the grill. With 2 spatulas, carefully turn 90 degrees and continue to cook another 5 minutes. Turn fish and cook the other side to desired doneness, at least another 10 minutes. Do not overcook.nMeanwhile, cut the reserved fennel bulbs into 14inch slices. Drizzle with olive oil and place on the grill. Grill until tender and golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a platter and keep warm.nFor the sauce: Place a small saucepan on the grill or on a burner over medium heat. Add the water and bring to a simmer. Add the lemon juice and Pernod and reduce by 13. With the remaining reserved fennel leaves, remove the tender inner leaves and chop finely. You should have about 14 cup chopped fennel. Set aside. Remove the waterlemon mixture from the heat and whisk in the butter, a few pieces at a time. When the butter is incorporated, add the chopped fennel leaves and whisk well. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nWhen the fish is cooked and the flesh is opaque and lifts easily from the bone, carefully remove using 2 sturdy metal spatulas and place on a platter.nServe the fish with some of the Pernod butter sauce and grilled fennel., ingredients: [1 whole red snapper, about 3 pounds, gills, gut and scales removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads fennel, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 sprigs oregano, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup water, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon Pernod, Reserved fennel leaves, from above, 6 tablespoons butter, in pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mediterranean Grilled Whole Snapper with Fennel and a Pernod Butter Sauce, picturelink: 9QBg.dGLQ9YWqIIChrRFwehONIGnfSy}, 34952: {instructions: Preheat the grill. In a bowl, mix the meat. Form 4 3ounce patties by using a scoop. Push them down and make little indentations in the middle to hold the flavors. Place a chunk of mozzarella and drizzle some chili paste or chili flakes on top of the mozzarella. Add a good twist of black pepper. Take another 3ounce scoop of meat, make it flat in your hand and place right on top of the other half.nTake your fingers and just seal the 2 patties up and refrigerate until you are ready to grill.nMeanwhile: Split the pieces of bread, and pull out some of the soft center to make a hole for the burger. Place the bread face down on the grill to toast.nPlace the burger in the bread, and top with your favorite condiments., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, Sea salt, preferably gray sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Fresh Mozzarella, Chili Paste, chili flakes or anything hot, 1 loaf good crusty bread, cut into 4 sections], title: Stuffed Mozzarella and Chili Paste Hamburgers, picturelink: null}, 34953: {instructions: If using pork fat, bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the pork fat and cook just until the edges turn translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and drain the pork on paper towels. Coarsely chop the fat and set aside. If using egg white, start with step 2.nHeat the oil in a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add the onion and shallots and saute until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Transfer onion mixture not the juice to a bowl and add the fish sauce, salt, sugar, garlic, white pepper, cornstarch, baking powder, and pork fat. Add the shrimp and toss well.nTransfer the shrimp mixture to a food processor and process until almost smooth but still lumpy. Transfer the paste to a bowl, scraping the work bowl clean. Stir in the scallions. If the paste is not cold, refrigerate at this point to stiffen it.nQuarter the sugarcane pieces lengthwise, or halve them if theyre small. Wet your hands with cold water. Place 2 tablespoons of the shrimp paste in the middle of your palm. Place a piece of the sugarcane on top and mold the paste around it. The paste should be about 14 inch thick and about 2 12 inches long. Gently press the paste against the stick so that the edges are sealed. Set the shrimp stick aside on an oiled plate. Repeat with the remaining sugarcane and paste.nOil a steamer basket and place the sugarcane sticks in a single layer. If necessary, steam in several batches. Steam until the shrimp paste turns pink, 2 to 3 minutes. You can make this dish in advance up to this point. To finish, grill or broil the shrimp sticks until the paste is hot inside and slightly charred around the edges. Serve immediately with some lettuces, mustard leaves, and herbs, rice vermicelli and dipping sauce.nCut the chiles into thin rings. Remove onethird of the chiles and set aside for garnish. Place the remaining chiles, garlic, and sugar into a mortar and pound into a coarse, wet paste. Transfer to a small bowl and add the water, lime juice, and fish sauce. Stir well to dissolve. Add the reserved chiles and carrots. Set aside for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 2ounce piece pork fat, or 1 egg white, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 14 cup chopped yellow onion, drained of excess water, 3 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 pound raw medium shrimp, peeled, deviened and patted extremely dry, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 20ounce can 4inch long sugarcane, drained, 12 pound small dried bun or rice vermicelli, cooked, Vietnamese Bean Dipping Sauce or Vietnamese Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 3 Thai bird chiles or 1 serrano chile, or to taste, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 23 cup warm water, 1 12 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 5 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons finely shredded carrots for garnish, optional], title: Grilled Shrimp on Sugarcane, picturelink: null}, 34954: {instructions: Prepare the vinaigrette, just before use. Place the lemon in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the essential oils in the skin are released. Since the lemon will be hot coming from the microwave, you will need to set it aside briefly, until it cools just enough to handle.nPour vinegar into a blender, turn it on, and then squeeze in lemon juice from the microwaved lemon. Leaving the blender running, add 1 at a time through the feed opening: garlic, mustard, chives, basil, and yogurt, and blend until smooth. While keeping the blender running, add oil through the feed opening in a slow stream.nMix together tomatoes, celery, and scallions and toss with dressing., ingredients: [1 lemon, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint red grape or cherry tomatoes, halved preferably an heirloom variety such as Tommy Toe, 1 pint yellow grape tomatoes, halved, 3 stalks celery, cleaned, leaves removed and thinly sliced, 6 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced], title: Heirloom Grape Tomato Salad, picturelink: 369s1PVZqdawXmhGbH.H7UveQWFdm}, 34955: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine dry ingredients in large bowl and slowly whisk in wet ingredients. Pour into greased 9 by 12inch baking pan and bake for 25 minutes. Allow to cool.nDust with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups brown sugar, 34 cup cocoa, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup boiling water, Confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 34956: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFollow cake directions as written on cake mix box.nRemove from oven and cool cake completely. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine strawberries, cognac and sugar. Let macerate 20 minutes. Invert and release cake onto a decorative platter.nWhip cream with confectioners sugar and vanilla at mediumhigh speed until it reaches stiff peaks. Do not over whip.nMix gelatin as directed on box. Refrigerate gelatin mix but do not let it harden, it should cool to a liquid consistency.nUsing a straw, poke holes all over the cake. Pour gelatin into holes and spread over the top of the cake.nSpread layer of macerated strawberries on top of cake. Spread layer of whipped cream on top of the strawberries, making pretty swirls and ripples. Garnish with fresh strawberries. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box strawberry cake mix, 3 cups fresh strawberries, sliced, 2 tablespoons cognac, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 3ounce package strawberry flavored gelatin recommended: JellO, Fresh strawberries, for garnish], title: Strawberry Shortcut Cake, picturelink: D0k8neeTXQ9LP6buvvuaX.NfDVOT9u}, 34957: {instructions: Place the bell peppers over the flame of a gas burner to char, turning, 3 to 4 minutes per side or char the peppers under the broiler, turning, 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and allow the peppers to steam about 10 minutes. Once cool to the touch, remove the peppers from the bowl and pull off the charred skin and stems and remove the seeds. Slice and set aside until ready to use.nSet a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil, then the shallots and garlic season with salt and pepper and cook until the garlic is fragrant and the shallots are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and wine and cook until most of the wine has evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Add both cans of tomatoes and the roasted red peppers. Mix well and bring to a steady boil, then reduce the heat so the sauce simmers.nMeanwhile, prepare the kale by removing and discarding the stems tear the leaves into bitesize pieces. Fold the kale into the tomato sauce along with the chicken and toss to combine. Cover and cook until the kale has wilted, about 5 minutes. If the sauce seems dry, add the chicken stock 12 cup at a time. Continue cooking, covered, until the kale is tender, all the flavors have come together and the sauce is thick, 15 to 20 minutes. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to the package directions, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve about 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and add it directly to the Dutch oven with the finished sauce. Drizzle in some olive oil. Cook over low heat, tossing to coat everything, 2 to 3 minutes. This allows the last cooking of the pasta to be done in the sauce. Add a little of the reserved pasta water if needed. Serve the pasta in large bowls and top with spoonfuls of parmesan, more red pepper flakes and another drizzle of olive oil.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil,, plus more for drizzling, 2 medium shallots, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, plus more for topping, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 1 14ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 2 large bunches kale 2 14 to 3 pounds, 4 cups coarsely shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, 1 cup chicken stock optional, 1 pound rigatoni, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese about 2 ounces], title: Killer Kale Pasta, picturelink: pCQHVriLDKjYsDw4bNUN.eRX1F3pOK}, 34958: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSift together the flour, baking powder and salt onto a sheet of waxed paper.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat the butter, shortening and sugar with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Add the egg and egg white and beat until incorporated. Add half the flour mixture and half the coconut milk and beat just until blended. Add the remaining flour and coconut milk with the vanilla and beat until blended.nUsing a 14cup ice cream scoop, drop the batter into 12 mounds on the lined baking sheets, spacing them 2 inches apart or make 24 mounds using wellrounded tablespoons. Sprinkle half the mounds with coconut or all of the mounds, if you like.nBake the cookies, one sheet at a time, until they begin to crack and are firm to the touch, about 12 minutes for large cookies and 10 minutes for small ones. Slide the parchment paper with the cookies onto a wire rack to cool completely.nUse a thin metal spatula to lift the cookies off the parchment paper. Spread the flat side of the plain cookies generously with Coconut Fluff Filling. Top with the coconuttopped cookies, pressing lightly to seal them together.nBeat the butter and marshmallow creme in a large bowl with a mixer at mediumhigh speed until fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Beat in the confectioners sugar, coconut, coconut milk, vanilla and coconut extract until smooth., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg plus 1 large egg white, 34 cup light coconut milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup sweetened flaked coconut, plus more if needed, Coconut Fluff Filling, recipe follows, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup marshmallow creme, 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar, 12 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 2 tablespoons light coconut milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon coconut extract], title: Coconut Whoopie Pies, picturelink: null}, 34959: {instructions: Make marinade in a large bowl. Check for seasoning. Marinate turkey breast for at least 6 hours or overnight. One can speed up the marination process by slicing the breast into 4 to 6 long, thin slices. Season the marinated breast and grill on low grill, 20 to 25 minutes. If it is a large breast, butterfly it so that it will cook through, if necessary, finish in a 350 degree oven. Let rest for 15 minutes before slicing.n3 PEA FRIED RICE: In a wok, coat with canola oil and add garlic and ginger. Cook until soft and add rice. Mix well then add eggs, chives and English peas. Heat thoroughly.nCheck for seasoning Toss snow and snap peas with vinaigrette. Check for seasoning.nCITRUS VINAIGRETTE: Mix all ingredients well., ingredients: [2 tablespoons pommery mustard, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped thyme, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon coarse ground coriander, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 turkey breast, skinless, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 4 cups cooked long grain rice, usually day old, 3 eggs scrambled, 2 tablespoons chive batons, 1 cup blanched English peas, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup blanched snow peas, Juice of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 lime, Juice of 1 orange, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Marinated Turkey Breast with 3 Pea Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 34960: {instructions: To make the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSet the potatoes directly on the rack in the center of the oven and bake until easily pierced with a fork, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool slightly.nMeanwhile, make the chili: Preheat a medium, heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat, then add the oil. Add the onion, garlic, and salt, and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the ancho chile, oregano, cumin, coriander, and cloves and cook, stirring, until dark and fragrant, about 45 seconds. Add the tomato paste and chipotle. Using your hands, crush the tomatoes while adding them to the saucepan and cook, stirring, until the chipotle and tomato mixture is dark red, about 2 minutes. Add the beef, break it up with a wooden spoon, and cook, stirring occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 3 minutes. Add the beans and beer and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thick and fragrant, about 15 minutes. Lay the potatoes on the side they naturally roll to, and carefully cut a shallow oval out of the tops to make 6 lids. Gently scrape most of the potato pulp out of the lids and transfer to a large bowl. Reserve the lids. Carefully scoop out the insides from only 4 of the potatoes into the large bowl, leaving the shells intact. Scoop out the pulp from the remaining 2 potatoes into a small bowl and reserve for another use. See Cooks Note. Add 12 cup of the cheese, butter, salt, and scallion to the large bowl of pulp and mash lightly with a fork. Season with pepper, to taste. Lightly season the insides of the shells and lids with salt and pepper. Refill them with the potato mixture, pressing it into the bottom and against the sides.nSet the filled potatoes on a baking sheet and fill each to the brim with some of the chili, mounding as much as you can on top youll need the rest for later. Mound the remaining 34 cup cheese over the potatoes. Place the potato lids skinside down on the baking sheet. Bake until heated through and the cheese has melted and browned, about 12 minutes. Reheat the remaining chili. Transfer the stuffed potatoes to a serving platter and top each with a dollop of sour cream. Lean the potato lids against the sour cream and serve immediately, with the chili on the side for refills., ingredients: [6 large russet potatoes about 3 pounds, scrubbed, 1 14 cups shredded extrasharp cheddar cheese about 5 ounces, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 scallions white and green, minced, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 whole cloves, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 canned chipotle chile in adobo, coarsely chopped, with 1 tablespoon of their sauce, 4 canned whole, peeled tomatoes, drained, 1 pound ground beef chuck, One 15 12ounce can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, One 12ounce Mexican lagerstyle beer, 1 scallion white and green, minced, Sour cream for garnish], title: DoubleYummy Chili Stuffed Baked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 34961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir together strawberry pie filling, allspice, and chopped candied walnuts. Set aside.nCrumble 2 oatmeal cookies each in the bottom of 4 parfait glasses. Divide half of the strawberry mixture among the 4 glasses along with a scoop of ice cream. Garnish with caramel sauce, candied walnuts and strawberries., ingredients: [1 15ounce can strawberry pie filling recommended: Comstock More Fruit, 12 teaspoon allspice, 13 cup chopped candied walnuts, plus more for garnish, 16 oatmeal cookies, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Caramel sauce, for serving recommended: Mrs. Richardsons, 4 sliced fresh strawberries, for garnish], title: Strawberry Parfait, picturelink: JxWGpFg.EHHpVG9DoLwJG5C1XZqUibK}, 34962: {instructions: Infuse the espresso in some hot water and reduce until desired strength is reached. Strain and cool. In a mixer, combine cream, sugar and cold espresso and whip on high until a firm peak is acquired do not overwhip or else youll get espresso butter. Serve with Chocolate Ganache Topped Pound Cake.nCut the pound cake into a desired size and chill. Place the chopped chocolate in a medium sized stainless steel bowl. Set aside. Heat the cream and butter in a medium sized saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Immediately pour the boiling cream over the chocolate and allow to stand for 5 minutes. Stir with a whisk until smooth. Top the pound cake with the ganache mixture. Chill until service., ingredients: [1ounce espresso beans, ground, 6 ounces heavy whipping cream, 3 teaspoons powdered sugar, Chocolate Ganache Topped Pound Cake, recipe follows, 1 loaf pound cake, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Espresso Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 34963: {instructions: For the ganache: In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the heavy cream to a simmer. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute. Stir with a rubber spatula, until the chocolate has completely melted and the ganache is shiny and smooth. Transfer it to a plastic squeeze bottle or pastry bag fitted with a tip and set aside.nFor the white chocolate sauce: Put the heavy cream, vanilla caviar and split vanilla bean in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat, cover, and steep for 5 to 10 minutes, breaking up the vanilla with a wooden spoon or spatula. Discard the bean and reheat the cream back to a simmer. Pour the cream over the white chocolate, let sit for 1 minute. Stir with a rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted and the sauce is mixed. Transfer to a squeeze bottle or a pastry bag fitted with a tip and set aside.nFor the strawberry sauce: Add the berries and corn starch to a blender and puree until smooth. Pour this mixture and the sugar into a small sauce pan, and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring with a whisk, until the sauce thickens, about 4 minutes. Cool completely before placing in a squeeze bottle or pastry bag.nFor the doughnuts: Fill a Dutch oven halfway with oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nIn a shallow bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Set aside. Divide the prepared pizza dough into 12 pieces and, using floured hands, roll into balls. In batches, fry the dough until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. As soon as they are removed from the oil, toss the fried dough in the cinnamon sugar to coat.nOnce the bombinis have cooled enough, fill them with whatever filling you like by inserting the nozzle of the squeeze bottle or pastry tip into the bottom of the bombinis. Or dip the bombinis in the sauces and dip into sprinkles. Fill until you cant fill anymore, and enjoy, ingredients: [12 cup heavy whipping cream, 8 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 1 pint strawberries about 8 ounces, 1 teaspoon corn starch, 1 tablespoon sugar, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Flour, for dusting, 1 pound storebought pizza dough, room temperature, Italian colored sprinkles, for garnish], title: Bombini Doughnuts, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 34964: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium.nGrill the corn until lightly charred, about 2 minutes, turning frequently. Transfer the corn to a cutting board and using a serrated knife remove the kernels. Set aside.nIn a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, then the red bell pepper and the red onion. Saute for 3 minutes, then add the vinegar, beans and corn and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the garlic and the snow peas and saute for 1 minute more. Remove from the heat to a serving bowl and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [4 ears corn, husks removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced red bell pepper, 34 cup diced red onion, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup snow peas, julienned, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper], title: Black Bean and Corn Salad, picturelink: g68nc.CVT2MPuqp.KiehyVHpj1KWOO}, 34965: {instructions: Peel leaves off of the cilantro and set aside. Chop the green onion into medium size pieces. In a blender or food processor, pulse tomatoes, cilantro leaves, green onion, oregano and chili flakes to desired consistency. Pour into container and stir in salt, to taste. Refrigerate overnight., ingredients: [1 bunch cilantro, washed, 4 stalks green onion, 2 large cans whole tomatoes, 1 tablespoon oregano, Crushed chili flakes, to taste, Salt, to taste], title: The Mezas Salsa, picturelink: null}, 34966: {instructions: In a salad bowl, combine the ginger, jalapeno, vinegar, salt and pepper. In a slow steady steam, whisk in 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil. Add the radish, cucumber, yellow pepper and toss to coat. Let the veggies sit and marinate at room temperature while you prepare the sesame crusted snapper.nPlace a medium saucepan on the stove. Add the sliced almonds and toast over moderate heat then remove from pan and reserve. Return pan to stove top and add the chicken broth, 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil  just eyeball it, curry powder and cinnamon. Raise heat and bring broth up to a boil. When it boils, add couscous to the pot and stir to combine. Cover the pot and turn off the heat and let the couscous stand until ready to serve.nWith a sharp paring knife, score the skin side of the snapper fillets by slashing 3, 18 inch thick cuts across the width of the fish. Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper. Sprinkle and then gently press the sesame seeds onto both sides of the fish. Heat a nonstick large skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan. Once the pan is hot, add the seasoned fish to the skillet skin side down. Saute the snapper for 4 minutes and if you find that the fillets bubble up in the center section, carefully press each fillet down with a fish spatula. Flip the fillets and continue to cook on the second side for 3 minutes or until the fish is cooked through and opaque. While the fish is cooking on the second side, finish off the ginger dressed snappy veggies and prepare the couscous.nTo the marinating vegetables, add the watercress and basil. Toss to combine.nRemove the lid on the couscous. Add scallions and toasted almonds and fluff couscous with a fork.nTo serve, distribute the snappy veggies between 4 plates and top with the sesame crusted snapper serve the couscous alongside., ingredients: [2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated or minced, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white wine vinegar, eyeball it, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, eyeball it, 10 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 seedless or English cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 yellow pepper, seeded, quartered and cut into thin strips, 1 2ounce pouch sliced almonds, 14 cup, available on baking aisle, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 1 cup couscous, 4 8ounce portions red snapper fillet, skin on, 12 cup sesame seeds, untoasted, available on spice aisle, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed of thick stems, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh basil, about 20 leaves, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Sesame Crusted Red Snapper with Ginger Dressed Snappy Veggies and Curry Couscous with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 34967: {instructions: Preheat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the bacon until browned and crisp. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Reserve 2 tablespoon of bacon drippings for the salad dressing, keep the remaining drippings in the pan to cook the eggs.nIn the bottom of a large salad bowl, whisk together the bacon drippings, honey Dijon dressing and lemon juice. Tear the heads of frisee into bite size pieces and place in the bowl. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat the ingredients.nHeat the pan the bacon was cooked in and fry eggs to over easy consistency. Season each with a bit of salt and pepper. Divide the salad among 4 plates. Top each with some of the apple slices, almonds, bacon and a fried egg., ingredients: [12 pound thickcut bacon, cut into small strips, 13 cup storebought honey Dijon dressing, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 heads frisee, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 1 apple crisp variety such as Gala or Jonagold, thinly sliced, 14 cup slivered almonds], title: Frisee Salad with Dijon Vinaigrette, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 34968: {instructions: Special equipment: A 1 12inch and a 34inch round cookie cutter or the round end of a pastry tip A pastry bag or resealable plastic bagnPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment.nUnfold the pastry, and cut out rounds with a 1 12inch round cookie cutter you should get roughly 40. Space them at least 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Lightly score the center of each round with a 34inch cookie cutter dont press all the way through. Lightly brush each round with the egg.nInvert another rimmed baking sheet on top of the dough rounds, and bake for 5 minutes. Covering the rounds helps them puff straight up evenly. Remove the top baking sheet, and continue to bake until golden, 8 to 10 minutes more. Let the rounds cool completely on the baking sheet, then use the handle of a wooden spoon to gently punch a hole in the middle of each round. The baked pastry can be stored at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 1 day or frozen for up to 1 month.nMeanwhile, microwave the vinegar and sundried tomatoes in a small bowl, covered, for 30 seconds let cool. Reserve 1 teaspoon of the vinegar, and finely chop the tomatoes. Finely shred the cucumber, and squeeze out all the excess moisture. Mash together the tomatoes, reserved vinegar, shredded cucumber, cream cheese, chives and 14 teaspoon salt with a fork in a medium bowl until smooth. Transfer the cream cheese filling to a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag cut off the tip. The filling can be refrigerated for up to 1 day.nTear or cut the salmon into 40 small pieces, and roll each into a rough rosette shape. Pipe some of the filling into each puff. Top each with a piece of salmon, and sprinkle with sesame seeds. The salmon puffs can be refrigerated for up to 2 hours., ingredients: [One 9ounce sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, 1 Kirby cucumber or 14 English cucumber, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons finely sliced chives, Kosher salt, 2 ounces smoked salmon, 12 teaspoon black sesame seeds], title: Smoked Salmon Puffs, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 34969: {instructions: For whipped cream: In a very clean large bowl beat the cream with a hand beater, until it begins to thicken. Slowly add in the confectioners sugar and continue to beat just until the cream holds peaks when the beaters are lifted out of bowl.nTo assemble the individual banana puddings put a single layer of each the vanilla wafers and the banana slices into each wine glass. Top with a layer of the vanilla pudding. Repeat layering a second time. Finish with a generous dollop of whipped cream or put the whipped cream into a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe onto the top of each dessert. If using a large serving bowl assemble the ingredients using the same method., ingredients: [1 pint heavy cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 3 boxes instant vanilla pudding, prepared and chilled, according to package directions, 3 bananas, sliced, 1 box vanilla wafers, Special equipment: 12 4ounce wine glasses], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: null}, 34970: {instructions: In a bowl combine all salsa ingredients, stir to combine and allow to sit for 12 hour.nIn a blender puree all sauce ingredients, until smooth. Adjust seasoning and reserve. Season fillet with salt and pepper. Rub onion with honey, oil and salt and pepper. Place in pan and cover 35 minutes at 350 degrees or until soft. Remove center of onion and chop. Add to spinach.nBlanch sugar snaps and carrots.nRoast fillet at 550 degrees for 10 minutes. Place mushrooms, sugar snaps, carrots and a little spinach in onion. Garnish plate in 2 quarters with spinach. Garnish other 2 quarters with yellow pepper salsa. Place meat in 1 quarter of salsa and onion in the other quarter of salsa. Garnish with red pepper sauce., ingredients: [2 yellow peppers, seeded and minced, 12 red onion minced, 1 yellow tomato, seeded and minced, 12 teaspoon coriander, minced, 12 teaspoon orange juice, 12 teaspoon honey, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 red pepper, seeded and chopped, 14 onion, chopped, 1 chipotle in adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, 4 10ounce fillets, 4 large vidalias, peeled and cored, 34 pounds sugar snaps, clipped, 2 pounds enoki mushrooms, broken apart, 1 pound carrot, julienne, 12 pound spinach, Sauteed with garlic, salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon peanut oil], title: Buffalo Fillet with Honey Roasted Vidalias Stuffed with Sugar Snap Peas, Enoki Mushrooms and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 34971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the oil to a Dutch oven and set over medium heat. When hot, add the beef and cook, stirring to break up the meat, until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and stir, then add the tomato sauce, chili powder, ancho chile powder and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for a minute, then add the kidney and pinto beans and the chili sauce. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Two 14ounce cans tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, One 14ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup chili sauce], title: Quick Chili, picturelink: 74wy9ZByChpzFnMyAqxiWZWaJgHC.dS}, 34972: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the flour, butter, and salt, and pulse until the mixture is very coarse. Pour the flourbutter into a large bowl and add the ice water. Pour out onto a clean, flat surface into a large log. Using the palm of your hand, gently push and pull the mixture to form it into a dough.nDo not knead, you are just slightly manipulating it. Form into a disc and wrap. Chill. Roll out on floured surface and place in greased 9inch tart pan. Blind bake tart shell for 10 minutes in a 350 degree F oven.nIn a mixing bowl, combine sweet potato puree, eggs, sugar, orange juice, heavy cream, butter, and spiced thoroughly. Pour sweet potato mixture into tart shell and return to 350 degree F oven and bake for 25 minutes or until center is set. Let cool.nWhip cream, cinnamon, and sugar to desired consistency., ingredients: [4 12 cups flour, 12 ounces cold diced butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 to 1 cup ice water, 2 cups cooked sweet potatoes, peeled, boiled, drained, and mashed, 4 eggs, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 orange, juiced, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Sweet Potato Tart, picturelink: null}, 34973: {instructions: Pour the vodka, pomegranate juice, orangeflavored liqueur, raspberry syrup, and lime juice in a shaker with ice. Shake for a few seconds and then pour into a martini glass., ingredients: [2 parts 3ounces raspberryflavored vodka, 14 cup pomegranate juice, 12 tablespoon orangeflavored liqueur, 1 teaspoon raspberry syrup, Squeeze fresh lime juice, Ice cubes, as needed], title: Herbatini, picturelink: null}, 34974: {instructions: For the crust: Add the flour, salt, and sugar to a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is finely chopped and the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the mascarpone cheese and lemon juice and pulse a few times. Add the ice water and run the machine just until the mixture is moist and crumbly, but does not form a ball. Do not overmix. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap. Press into a disk, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Put an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the apricots, walnuts, lemon zest, cinnamon, and sea salt. Add the honey and stir until all the ingredients are coated. Stir in 23 of the cheese.nCut a piece of parchment paper to fit inside a 12 by 17inch baking sheet and put it on a work surface. Put the chilled dough on the parchment paper. Roll the dough into an 11inch circle, about 14inch thick. Lift the parchment paper and transfer it to a baking sheet. Put the apricot filling in the center of the dough, spreading evenly, leaving a 2inch border. Fold the dough border over the filling to form an 8inch round. Pleat the edge of the pastry and pinch to seal any cracks in the dough. Arrange the remaining cheese on top of the filling.nUsing a pastry brush, brush the crust with the beaten egg. Bake until the crust starts to turn golden, about 15 to 18 minutes. Cover the crostata loosely with a piece of foil and cook until the crust is golden and the cheese has melted, another 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the crostata from the oven to a cutting board and uncover. Cool for 10 minutes, then cut into slices and arrange on a serving platter. Serve while still warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup cold mascarpone cheese, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons ice water, 2 cups 12 ounces dried apricots, 13 cup chopped walnuts, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 cup honey, 7 ounces Taleggio cheese, rind removed, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 egg, beaten], title: Crostata with Dried Apricots and Taleggio, picturelink: null}, 34975: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the warm water into a small mixing bowl or a standard 2 cup measure, sprinkle the yeast over the warm water and let stand until the yeast softens, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix slightly to dissolve yeast and allow it to proof for another 15 minutes in a warm spot in the kitchen. Add the room temperature water and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the yeast mixture and stir to combine. Measure the flour and the salt into the bowl of a stand mixer. Combine on very low speed with the paddle attachment. Slowly add the liquid ingredients to the dry, and increase the speed of the mixer slightly to incorporate the mass. Stop the mixer and replace the paddle with a dough hook if you have one. Knead until the dough becomes smooth and begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl, about 4 minutes. Place the dough on a floured board and knead the dough by hand for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add flour to dust as needed to prevent sticking. Shape the dough into a ball and place in a very lightly oiled bowl and cover with a clean towel, let stand until dough doubles in size, about 1 hour.nWhen the dough has doubled in bulk, divide it into 6 equal pieces about 6 ounces each. Set the pieces of dough being used on a sheet pan and cover with a clean towel or plastic wrap. Dough not being used can be placed in the refrigerator or frozen until ready to use. With a rolling pin on a lightly floured surface, roll each piece of dough as evenly as possible into a 10inch circle, dusting lightly with flour, as necessary.nCover with toppings and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup warm water, 105 degrees F, 12 envelope dry yeast 1 18 teaspoons, 12 cup room temperature water, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the bowl, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for topping], title: Easy Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 34976: {instructions: For the Falafel: Drain the chickpeas through a colander then place on a baking sheet lined with paper towels to absorb any excess moisture. Chickpeas should be totally dry.nHeat 4inches peanut or vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until it reaches 330 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nWhile the oil is heating, heat the olive oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and serrano chiles and cook until soft, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the chickpeas to a food processor, add the garlic mixture, green onions, parsley, mint, cilantro, lemon juice, cumin, coriander, baking powder, salt and pepper and process until the mixture is finely ground, stopping to scrape the bowl every 30 seconds. Transfer the mixture to a bowl.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Form the mixture into balls the size of ping pong balls and place on a plate. Fry in batches at 330 degrees F until a pale blonde color, about 45 seconds, spooning oil over the falafel constantly. Remove with a slotted spoon to the baking sheet. Increase the heat of the oil to 350 degrees F. Return the falafel to the oil, in batches, cover the pan with a lid for 30 seconds and fry until a deep brown color, spooning the oil over the falafel constantly. Remove with a slotted spoon to baking sheet lined with paper towels, and immediately season with salt.nFor the yogurt sauce: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth season with salt and pepper to taste and transfer to a small bowl. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, covered, to allow the flavors to meld.nVariation: Substitute 2 cups feta cheese for the yogurt, and add 12 cup finely chopped parsley.nFor the hummus: Place beans, garlic, harissa, lemon juice, and tahini in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the relish: Whisk the oil, vinegar, and smoked paprika in a small bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and toss. The tomatoes should be lightly dressed.nServe falafel with yogurt sauce, hummus and relish on the side., ingredients: [2 cups soaked chickpeas chickpeas need to be soaked in cold water for at least 18 hours and up to 24 hours, add more water if necessary, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 or 2 serrano chiles, chopped, 2 green onions white and green part finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 3 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground, Scant 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups thick Greek yogurt, 3 piquillo or 2 roasted red peppers, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet Spanish paprika, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups white beans, cooked, or canned, drained and rinsed, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon harissa, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons tahini, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 4 vineripe tomatoes, diced, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Falafel, picturelink: mYiSVsUPfJQNdLiw1zeq.cJgpBdapm}, 34977: {instructions: In a small saucepan bring water to a boil. Add tea leaves and remove pan from heat. Cover pan and steep tea 5 minutes. Add sugar, stirring until dissolved, and strain tea through a fine sieve into a bowl. Chill tea, covered, until cold and freeze in an icecream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week ahead., ingredients: [3 cup water, 2 12 tablespoons finequality green tea leaves, 34 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Green Tea Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 34978: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Sandwich Central, picturelink: null}, 34979: {instructions: Prepare the slaw: Whisk the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, sugar, caraway seeds, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Toss in the cabbage, carrot, apple and scallions cover and refrigerate.nPrepare the fish: Whisk the egg and milk in a medium bowl add the cod and set aside to soak. Mix the flour, cracker meal, cayenne pepper and a pinch of salt on a plate.nHeat 1 inch of oil in a heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the fish from the milk mixture and dredge in the flour mixture, turning to coat. Fry in the hot oil until golden, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain season with salt and pepper. Serve with the slaw and extra mustard.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 to 12 teaspoon caraway or celery seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 head lightgreen cabbage, thinly sliced about 6 cups, 1 small carrot, shredded, 1 gala apple, julienned, 1 bunch scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 large egg, 12 cup milk, 4 6ounce cod or other whitefleshed fish fillets, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cracker meal or crushed saltine crackers, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying], title: PanFried Cod with Slaw, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 34980: {instructions: In a food processor, combine olive oil, vinegar, parsley, oregano leaves, and chipotle and puree. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nPreheat a broiler and arrange a rack 6 inches from the heat. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and spray with cooking oil.nPlace pork on the baking sheet and sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Broil until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove pork from broiler and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, combine greens, cherry tomatoes, cheese, and chimichurri dressing to taste. Arrange salad on plates or a platter.nCut chops into 14inch slices. Arrange on top of salad, drizzle with additional dressing, and serve.n Instead of making the Chimichurri from scratch, you can also purchase readymade pesto sauce, mix it with the vinegar and the chipotle then season it according to taste.nServe this satisfying salad with a crusty roll or a small pile of tortilla chips. To vary the recipe, change the greens to spinach, arugula, or romaine. Add sliced red onion, black olives, or shredded carrots. You can even grill or pansear the pork chops instead of broiling., ingredients: [6 ounces spring mix greens, 12 cups lightly packed, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 6 ounces soft cheese, like queso fresco, goat or fresh mozzarella, cut into 12inch dice, Oil spray, 1 pound boneless pork loin chops, about 1inch thick, trimmed, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 15 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves, 12 chipotle pepper, from a can of chipotles in adobo sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Pork Chimichurri Salad, picturelink: null}, 34981: {instructions: Put the flour in a shallow bowl. Add 3 tablespoons of the cilantro, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and toss to combine. Add the shrimp and toss to coat.nMelt the butter in a large heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and saute until golden brown and just cooked through, 5 minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a plate. Add the wine to the same pan and boil until slightly thickened, 2 minutes. Add the cream, chipotle chiles, Worcestershire sauce and garlic to the pan and boil until slightly reduced, 2 minutes. Return the shrimp to the pan and toss to coat with the chipotle sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon cilantro and serve with white or brown rice., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 pounds large raw shrimp 13 to 15 per pound, peeled and deveined with tail on, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic, minced, White or brown rice, cooked according to package instructions, for serving], title: Chipotle Cream Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 34982: {instructions: Combine the sugar and pectin in a bowl. Heat the raspberry puree in a medium saucepan and add the sugar and pectin mixture. Bring to a boil, and then add the glucose. Allow the mixture to boil to 225 degrees F. Remove from the heat and add the citric acid. Pour the mixture into a half baking sheet lined with plastic wrap. Allow to cool completely. Once cooled, cut into desired shape and toss in sugar., ingredients: [22 ounces sugar, plus more for dusting, 14 ounce pectin, 20 ounces raspberry puree, 4 ounces glucose, 14 teaspoon citric acid], title: Raspberry Pate de Fruit, picturelink: null}, 34983: {instructions: Mix together all the dry ingredients in a large bowl. Add the lemon zest, garlic, crawfish, parsley and hot sauce. Mix gently to combine. Add the water or stock slowly until a loose dough is formed. Set aside for 15 minutes.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola or peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nSpoon 1 heaping teaspoon dough into hot oil and cook in batches until deep golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt while still hot. Let temperature of oil return to 350 degrees F between batches.nWhisk the mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish, lemon juice, salt, pepper and cayenne together in a medium bowl until well blended. Stir in the parsley, capers and green onions and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTransfer the beignets to a serving platter and serve with the remoulade sauce., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 to 12 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped or minced, 1 12 cups cooked and chopped crawfish tails, 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 3 dashes hot sauce recommended: Louisiana, Tabasco or your favorite, 1 to 1 12 cups water or shrimpseafood stock, Canola or peanut oil, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Creole mustard, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped capers, 2 green onions, chopped green and white part], title: Crawfish Beignets with Spicy Remoulade, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 34984: {instructions: Add gin, vermouth, and olive juice to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously.nPour into chilled martini glasses. Garnish with a pick skewered with kalamata olives., ingredients: [1 part gin, 1 splash dry white vermouth, 1 splash kalamata olive juice, Kalamata olives, for garnish], title: Mykonos Martini, picturelink: Ek0iBD91Tg09gYSDigjfsObU0.m5zuG}, 34985: {instructions: Place the mango in a food processor and process until smooth. Pass the mixture through a strainer into a bowl.nCombine the sugar and water in a small saucepan over high heat and cook until dark amber brown. Slowly add the heavy cream and mango puree and whisk until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly.nCooks Note: this sauce is great on ice cream, pound cake and angel food cake., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Mango Caramel Sauce, picturelink: .GTReJoTbHtn4wwZh5OweFoE4oX7mDW}, 34986: {instructions: Peel and core the apples slice 14 inch thick. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the granulated sugar and lemon juice. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the flour, cinnamon and salt and stir until the juices thicken, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. The filling can be made up to 2 days ahead cover and refrigerate.nRoll out 1 disk of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Add the cooled filling and dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter.nRoll out the remaining disk of dough into a 12inch round. Lay the dough over the filling and press the two crusts together around the edges. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers. Brush the top crust with the beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Cut a few slits in the top crust to let steam escape. Chill 1 hour.nPut a baking sheet on the bottom oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for at least 30 minutes. Put the pie directly on the hot baking sheet and reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F bake until the pie is golden and the filling is bubbly, 1 hour to 1 hour, 10 minutes, rotating the pie as needed. Cover the edges with foil if they are browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool until the filling is set, about 3 hours.nPulse the flour, shortening, sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Sprinkle in 14 cup ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add up to 4 more tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse again.nDivide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pat each into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or preferably overnight, or freeze up to 2 months., ingredients: [4 pounds mixed apples such as Granny Smith, Gala and McIntosh, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon or apple pie spice, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 disks Pie Dough, recipe follows, 1 large egg, beaten, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling optional, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Classic Apple Pie, picturelink: C4hatQGQ7JbTnxIc1VC04bMrKscOuIq}, 34987: {instructions: Puree the tomatoes to a smooth, creamy consistency in a food processor or with an immersion blender. If you like a more country feel, you can wait and break them up in the pan later with a wooden spoon.nHeat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan. When hot, add the onion and saute 5 to 6 minutes, or until soft. Add the garlic and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until you see the color start changing. If youd like to make the sauce spicy, add the red pepper flakes.nAdd the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer about 30 minutes. If you did not puree the tomatoes, use a wooden spoon to break them into pieces while they cook. Strive for balance in the consistency of the sauce: It has to be fluid, but it should not look overly wet. Add the basil and remove from the heat. Toss with justcooked pasta.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 red onion, mediumdiced, 3 cloves garlic, cut into chunks, Pinch of red pepper flakes optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons torn fresh basil, 1 pound penne or spaghetti, cooked until al dente], title: Classic Red Sauce, picturelink: UO.maZcClbhqOZ4lj8uFP3yazGGeHm}, 34988: {instructions: Special equipment: a pizza stonenPour the flour, water and yeast into the bowl of a stand mixer and mix for 2 12 minutes. Scrape the bottom of the bowl and mix for another 2 12 minutes. Throw 1 tablespoon sea salt on top of the mixed dough cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes. After the dough rests, return to the mixer and mix in 1minute increments until the dough passes a window test see Cooks Note to verify gluten development.nOnce gluten development is verified, leave the dough in the mixing bowl, cover and place in the refrigerator until it doubles in size, about 2 hours.nWhile the dough is doubling, pour the crushed tomatoes and whole tomatoes into a food processor. Add the oregano, crushed red pepper and garlic salt and process until smooth. Cover and place in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPlace a pizza stone in the oven and preheat the oven to the highest temperature it will allow 500 to 550 degrees F never set it to broil.nDrain the banana peppers. Chop them roughly and set aside.nGrate the mozzarella and provolone and toss them together in a large bowl.nOnce the dough has doubled in size, divide it into approximately three to four 9ounce balls. Take 1 ball and reserve the remaining for another use. In the palm of your hand, rotate the ball of dough in a circular pattern until the top of the ball is smooth. Dont be afraid of the dough ball. If you mess up, just knead the dough and wait for it to rise and try again. Throw some flour down on a clean, dry surface and press the dough ball flat. Once the ball is flat, focus on the edges of the ball by pressing the edge completely flat against the work surface. This will leave a higher point in the center of the dough ball. Now, flip the dough ball over and slowly start to stretch the dough a little at a time from the edge while pushing down slightly in the middle. Again, dont be afraid: If you mess up, just ball up the dough and wait for it to rise and try again.nThe dough should be shaped into a 12 to 14inch round. Place the round on a cutting board or pizza peel dusted with flour. Ladle some of the tomato sauce onto the dough and float the bottom of the ladle over the dough until the sauce reaches roughly 12 inch away from the edge. Do not go over the edge, otherwise the sauce will make it sticky between the peel and the dough, which will make it very difficult to slide off. Reserve the remaining sauce for another use.nLightly sprinkle the cheese blend over the sauce, being certain to cross the saucedough line this is called anchoring the cheese. You will still want to see some of the sauce through the cheese. Avoid putting too much on it should be like a screen of cheese.nCrumble some uncooked Italian sausage and sprinkle it onto the pizza evenly. Then sprinkle on some banana peppers.nThis next step is important. Take your ribbons of sopressata and curl them into an S shape so they can stand upright, allowing the top of the sopressata to cook faster than the cheese.nWhen building your Red Wagon Pizza, always think of the architecture of your pizza and how it will be cut and eaten, this will help you avoid having slices with no ingredients on them.nSlide the pizza onto the pizza stone. If it is not sliding, lift the edge and gently blow on the flour to get the dough to float then slide it onto the pizza stone. Bake, checking the pizza occasionally, until the cheese is golden brown and the crust is cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove the pizza from the oven and place it onto a cooling rack to cool for 1 to 2 minutes. Slide it onto a cutting board, cut and enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound wholegrain flour, plus more for dusting, 10 ounces very cold water, 2 teaspoons dry active yeast, Sea salt, One 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 16ounce can whole Roma tomatoes, 14 cup oregano, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons garlic salt, One 16ounce jar mild banana peppers, 8 ounces wholemilk mozzarella, 8 ounces wholemilk provolone, 1 pound uncooked Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 small sopressata, sliced into long ribbons rather than rounds], title: Red Wagon Pizza, picturelink: xi1elKfCFkoBGu9hJpl8hUEsQ8iSWlu}, 34989: {instructions: Make the spice paste: In a small frying pan, heat 1 tablespoon of oil over a mediumhigh heat. When hot, add cumin seeds, chillies, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, black peppercorns and poppy seeds. Stir and fry briefly until lightly roasted. Put these into a large coffee grinder and grind to a powder. Empty into the container of an electric blender. Add garlic, ginger, tumeric and salt to the blender as well, along with 6 to 8 tablespoons of water. Process until you have a fine paste, pushing down with a rubber spatula if needed.nHeat remaining 4 tablespoons of oil in a large saucepan over a medium to high heat. When hot, add bay leaves, cardamon pods, cinnamon, fennel seeds, cloves and urad dal. Stir and fry briefly until urad dal turns red, then add curry leaves, if using. Stir once or twice and add onions. Fry onions until they are soft and lightly colored. Now add the spice paste. Continue to stir and fry for about 4 to 6 minutes, adding a little water to prevent sticking. Add the tomato and stir and fry for another 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the chicken pieces to the onion and spice mixture. Stir until they are well coated then add 2 12 cups water, just enough to cover. Bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low, cover and simmer until the chicken is almost cooked, about 20 to 25 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove the chicken pieces. Turn the heat up to mediumhigh, and reduce the sauce until very thick. This should take about 6 to 8 minutes. Replace the chicken, fold gently into the sauce, and cook for a further 5 minutes before serving.nurad dal is a small, pale yellow split pea.nSuggested wine: Rosemont Estate Shiraz Cabernet 1997., ingredients: [1 12 inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon ground tumeric, 1 12 to 2 teaspoons salt, 3 bay leaves, 5 cardamon pods, 1 inch cinnamon stick, broken, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 3 cloves, 1 12 teaspoons urad dal, 15 to 20 fresh curry leaves if available, 2 medium sized onions, peeled and finely chopped, 1 large tomato, chopped, One 2 14 lb. chicken, skinned and cut into small serving pieces breast halves into 3 and legs into drumsticks and thighs., 5 tablespoons oil, SPICE PASTE:, 1 12 tablespoons cumin seeds, 8 to 10 dried hot red chillies, broken into halves, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 12 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons white poppy seeds, 5 garlic cloves, peeled and roughly chopped], title: Chettinad Pepper Chicken Recipe Courtesy of Madhur Jaffrey, picturelink: null}, 34990: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nToss 1 tablespoon of the sugar and the cornstarch with the lychees and strawberries in a large bowl until combined. Mix together the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon in a small bowl.nLay a spring roll wrapper on a work surface with a corner pointing toward you and brush the surface lightly with melted butter. Put 1 heaping tablespoon of the lychee mixture into the center of the wrapper. Bring the two side corners together so they meet over the filling. Bring the bottom corner up over the filling and roll the wrapper tightly around the fruit. Set the spring roll on the baking sheet with the exposed corner down continue rolling with the remaining fruit and wrappers.nBrush butter all over the surface of the rolls and sprinkle each with a little of the cinnamon sugar. Bake until light golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Do not overbake  the fruit will begin to break down as it cooks and can ooze out of the wrappers.nLet cool for at least 10 minutes before serving with a scoop of ice cream alongside., ingredients: [3 tablespoons crystal decorating sugar or regular sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 8 canned lychees, drained and quartered lengthwise, 8 large ripe strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Twelve 6inch square spring roll wrappers, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Ice cream, your favorite flavor, for serving], title: StrawberryLychee Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 34991: {instructions: Melt the butter with the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, season with 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. Add the celery, celery root and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the celery is tender, about 7 minutes.nAdd the bay leaf, chicken broth and 2 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the celery root is very soft, about 20 minutes. Discard the bay leaf. Add the heavy cream and return to a simmer, then remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nWorking in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth, adding some herbs to each batch return to the pot and reheat if needed. Stir in the celery salt and serve with toppings.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, sliced, Kosher salt, 1 bunch celery, chopped, 1 small celery root about 12 ounces, peeled and chopped, 1 bay leaf, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup mixed fresh herbs such as parsley, tarragon andor dill, 14 teaspoon celery salt, Assorted toppings:, Celery Leaves, Celery Salt, Cooked prosciutto, Toasted sliced almonds, Fried leeks], title: Cream of Celery Soup, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 34992: {instructions: Cut the shrimp, scallops, and monkfish into bitesized pieces and place them in a bowl with the crabmeat.nIn a heavybottomed pot, melt the butter add the carrots, onions, celery, potatoes, and corn and saute over mediumlow heat for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are barely cooked, stirring occasionally. Add the flour reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Add the Seafood Stock and bring to a boil. Add the seafood reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 7 to 10 minutes, until the fish is just cooked. Add the heavy cream, if desired, and the parsley. Add salt and pepper to taste, and serve.nWarm the oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Add the shrimp shells, onions, carrots, and celery and saute for 15 minutes, or until lightly browned. Add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Add 1 12 quarts of water, the white wine, tomato paste, salt, pepper, and thyme. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour. Strain through a sieve, pressing the solids. You should have approximately 1 quart of stock. You can make up the difference with water or wine if you need to., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp 32 to 36 per pound, peeled and deveined save shells for stock, 12 pound scallops, 12 pound monkfish, 12 pound fresh lump crabmeat, picked over to remove shells, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 cup peeled and mediumdiced carrots 4 carrots, 12 cup mediumdiced yellow onion 1 onion, 1 cup mediumdiced celery 3 stalks, 1 cup mediumdiced small white or red potatoes, 12 cup corn kernels, fresh or frozen, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 recipe Seafood Stock, recipe follows, 1 12 tablespoons heavy cream optional, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, Shells from 1 pound large shrimp, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 2 carrots, unpeeled and chopped, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup good white wine, 13 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, including stems], title: Seafood Chowder, picturelink: VbdmgkaJL7FvMbP0z0fq9Jf6BGDSFi}, 34993: {instructions: Toast 3 frozen waffles until crisp. Stack the waffles with some chocolatehazelnut spread and sliced strawberries between each layer. Top with more strawberries and dust with cocoa powder.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Waffle Cake, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 34994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork chops between two pieces of plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet to an even 12inch thickness. Use the tenderizer side for a few whacks at the end. Sprinkle both sides of the pork chop with salt and pepper.nFinely crush the butter crackers in a large plastic resealable bag.nIn a small baking dish, combine the flour and cayenne. In a second dish combine the buttermilk and hot sauce. Add the crushed crackers to a third dish.nDredge a pork chop through the flour mixture, dusting off any excess, then through the buttermilk, letting excess drip off, and then through the crushed crackers, making sure to coat on each side. Set on a sheet tray and continue with the remaining chops. Rest the chops for 10 minutes in the refrigerator. This will help the breading stick to the chops.nFill a large highsided skillet halfway with vegetable oil and heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 375 degrees F.nUsing tongs, carefully place the pork chops in batches, into the hot oil. Fry, flipping once halfway through cooking only if the chops are not submerged, until golden brown and fully cooked, about 8 minutes. Repeat with the remaining pork and serve., ingredients: [6 bonein pork chops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sleeves butter crackers, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried Pork Chops, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 34995: {instructions: Roast asparagus in preheated oven with drizzle of olive oil. Chop asapragus, reserving the tips. Toss with balsamic, salt and pepper. Heat grill. Slice bread. Place bread on grill and rub bread with garlic clove. Onto the grilled bread layer parmeasan shavings, chopped asparagus and one aspargus spear. Drizzle with truffle oil and serve., ingredients: [Loaf of Tuscan bread, Olive oil, Garlic clove, 24 green asparagus, Balsamic vinegar, Salt, pepper, to taste, Parmigiano cheese, Truffle oil], title: Roasted Asparagus Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 34996: {instructions: Make the pork: Mix 2 teaspoons salt and the brown sugar in a bowl. Rub the pork with the brown sugar mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours, or overnight.nMake the sauce: Heat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the ketchup, apple juice, oyster sauce, vinegar, mustard powder and 14 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 20 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes, then transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Set aside about onequarter of the sauce for serving.nRemove the pork belly from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before grilling. Preheat a grill to medium, then prepare for indirect heat: For gas, turn off the burners on one side. For charcoal, push the coals to one side. Place a drip pan under the grates on the cooler side of the grill.nBrush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Place the pork on the cooler side of the grill indirect heat and cook, turning occasionally, until forktender but not falling apart, 2 hours, 30 minutes to 3 hours, brushing with the sauce occasionally during the last hour of cooking. Move the pork to the hotter side of the grill direct heat and cook, turning and brushing with more sauce, until glazed and lightly charred, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 20 minutes. Slice the pork belly and serve with the cornbread and reserved sauce.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, 1 1pound slab pork belly, skin removed, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 4 squares cornbread, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced peeled ginger, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup apple juice, 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, Kosher salt], title: Glazed Pork Belly With Ginger Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: X9MEArKznX5O3jh0KyuX.lPEGPBWp.2}, 34997: {instructions: Whisk the lemon juice, vinegar, shallot, olive oil, rosemary, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Transfer 3 tablespoons of the dressing to a medium bowl and add the pork, turning to coat let marinate 15 minutes at room temperature. Add the tomatoes and radishes to the bowl with the remaining dressing.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high and brush lightly with vegetable oil. Grill the pork until marked, about 2 minutes per side remove to a plate. Grill the bread, turning once, until warm, about 1 minute.nAdd the salad greens to the bowl with the tomatoes and radishes season with salt and pepper and toss. Divide the salad among plates top with the gruyere and pork. Drizzle with olive oil and serve with the grilled bread.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 small shallot, chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds pork scallopini, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 5 radishes, thinly sliced, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 pieces lavash or pita bread, 8 ounces mixed salad greens about 8 cups, 2 ounces gruyere cheese, thinly sliced], title: Pork Scallopini Salad, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 34998: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWhisk together the curry powder, cumin, salt, pepper and olive oil in a medium bowl.nSpread the cauliflower, carrots, and onion in a single layer on a large baking sheetlined with tin foil. Drizzle with the dressing and toss so it is thoroughly coated.nRoast the vegetables in the oven until tender and browned, about 40 minutes, stirring halfway through cooking. Remove to a serving bowl and sprinkle with parsley and a drizzle of olive oil on top. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup olive oil, plus more for topping, 1 medium head cauliflower, cut into florets, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 red onion, cut into eighths, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Curried Cauliflower and Carrots, picturelink: 4zTdgEekIqCk8UFlcj4qgg51jajTNW6}, 34999: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil then add salt, a generous grab from your salt dish, to season up the pasta as it cooks. Carefully add pasta to water and stir then cook to al dente or until pasta is tender but it still has a bite to it in the center u2013 in other words, do not cook it until it is mushy.nCut ham into thin, short ribbonlike pieces and separate them into a loose pile. Kids not so good with knives can use kitchen scissors to cut the ham up.nPreheat a large skillet over medium heat. Add butter to the pan and melt it. Add 1 cup cream and warm it up a minute. Add about a cup of cheese, 4 big handfuls or so, and stir constantly for another minute then season the sauce with nutmeg your SECRET ingredient and pepper. Taste and add a little salt, if necessary.nTurn off heat under sauce and add the peas to it. They will warm through in no time. Next, drain the pasta. Kids should have Grown Helpers drain pasta for them. Toss pasta with sauce in the skillet and use tongs to help you pull pasta through sauce until it is coated evenly. Sprinkle in the ham and toss the pasta again to combine it. You can even add a little more cheese, if you say so.nWow Green noodles are even yummier than white ones when you add in the ham and cheese and peas Yumo, ingredients: [1 12 to 14ounce box spinach fettuccini pasta, Salt, 14 pound prosciutto Italian ham, 3 tablespoons butter tablespoons are marked on the wrapper, cut into small pieces, 1 cup cream, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, eyeball it, Black pepper, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, plus even more to pass at table, 1 cup frozen peas], title: Green Noodles and Ham, picturelink: null}, 35000: {instructions: Cover pot roast with 3 slices of bacon and place in a Dutch oven coated with olive oil. Place the garlic cloves in the pot as well. Sear all 4 sides of the pot roast. After searing place 16 ounces of beef broth and 16 ounces of beer and water to top it off. Add the salt, pepper, white pepper, and cumin, to taste. Cover the pot and let it slow cook for about 1 hour. After an hour add bay leaves and whole black peppercorn. Let it slow cook for another hour. Lastly, add red potatoes, onion, crushed red pepper and cook for another hour., ingredients: [10 pounds pot roast, 3 slices bacon, Olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 16 ounces beef broth, 16 ounces beer, 16 ounces water, Salt and pepper, White pepper, Ground cumin, 2 bay leaves, Whole black peppercorns, Red potatoes, cleaned, Sliced onions, Pinch red pepper flakes], title: Dutch Oven Confederate Pot Roast, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 35001: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace pizza crust on a large baking sheet and top with pesto, chicken, cheese and pine nuts. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until cheese melts and crust is golden brown., ingredients: [1 store bought pizza crust, 1 cup prepared basil pesto, 1 cup cooked diced chicken, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons pine nuts], title: White Pizza with Chicken, Pesto and Pine Nuts, picturelink: 0l4B8RwU3vGqiphyA7QEBjRUdwENHnW}, 35002: {instructions: Heat oven 450 degrees.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Cut in butter and shortening. Mix in halfandhalf. Drop by large spoonfuls onto a baking sheet. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 15 minutes or until brown. Cool and eat with berries, ice cream andor whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons shortening, 34 cup half and half, Melted butter to brush shortcakes, Berries, Ice cream or whipped cream], title: Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 35003: {instructions: Chop the cranberries in a manual food chopper NOT a food processor. Chop the apples and the oranges into small cubes with their skins. Add the remaining ingredients and stir well. Allow the flavors to blend overnight or for several hours in the refrigerator. What you are not going to use right away may be frozen., ingredients: [1 can drained, crushed pineapple, 2 ounces Christian Brothers Brandy or Grand Marnier, 1 pound cranberries, 2 apples, 2 oranges, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 lemon, juiced optional], title: Cranberry Relish, picturelink: null}, 35004: {instructions: Cut the potatoes in half and scoop out the center leaving a 18inch rim. Cut each potato skin half into thirds and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with paprika and salt and pepper. Place the skins, flesh side down in a hot pan with 1 tablespoon of oil. Cover the pan. Let cook for 1 minute on each side or until crispy. Add grated cheese to the skins and let them melt. Transfer to a serving plate. Serve with sour cream and chopped scallions., ingredients: [2 large Idaho potatoes, baked and cooled, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon paprika, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup cheddar cheese, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped scallions], title: Baked Potato Skins, picturelink: null}, 35005: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Wash and dry the squab.nIn a medium size heavy skillet, over a medium heat, fry the bacon until crisp. Drain on paper and crumble. Reserve the bacon grease. Add the onion to the skillet and saute 3 to 5 minutes, or until transparent. Add the celery and cook 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the dried apricots and stock. Return the bacon to the skillet and add the parsley. Place the cornbread in a large bowl. Pour the entire contents of the skillet over the cornbread and toss well to coat. Season the squabs inside and out with salt and pepper and stuff with the cornbread stuffing. Truss the squabs. In a large cast iron skillet, heat the reserved bacon fat. Saute the squabs until brown on all sides, turning often. Transfer the squabs to a baking dish and place in the oven. Meanwhile, saute the shallots in the skillet, add the apricot brandy and reduce by half. Add the Habanero chile powder. Add the orange juice and cook until slightly thickened. Glaze the squab every 5 minutes as they finish roasting, for 15 minutes.nServe with steamed broad beans., ingredients: [6 squab, 6 slices bacon, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 12 bunch parsley, chopped, 3 12 cups cornbread, diced and toasted, 3 shallots, peeled and diced, 12 cup apricot brandy, 12 teaspoon powdered Habanero chile, 12 cup orange juice, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Pan Fried Squab with Apricot Glaze and Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 35006: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrain 1 can of peaches reserve the syrup from the other. Place the butter in a 9 by 12inch ovenproof baking dish. Heat the butter on the stove or in the oven until its melted. In a medium bowl, mix the flour and sugar. Stir in the milk and the reserved syrup. Pour the batter over the melted butter in the baking dish. Arrange the peaches over the batter. Bake for 1 hour. The cobbler is done when the batter rises around the peaches and the crust is thick and golden brown. Serve warm with fresh whipped creamnChill a large metal mixing bowl and the wire beater attachment in the freezer for about 20 minutes. Pour the chilled cream and sugar into the cold mixing bowl and beat until it forms soft peaks, about 5 minutes. The mixture should hold its shape when dropped from a spoon. Dont overbeat or youll have sweetened butter, ingredients: [Two 15ounce cans sliced peaches in syrup, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 cup selfrising flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, Homemade Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups whipping cream, chilled in the fridge, 4 tablespoons sugar], title: Easy Peach Cobbler, picturelink: 9c6vxt7DCpoRKUVRo9RNUMT8upaVuiO}, 35007: {instructions: Using a spice grinder, grind the coriander and cumin seeds until they are a fine powder.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle the pork shoulder with the ground spices and salt, then tie each piece so they cook evenly.nCoat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Brown the first pork on all sides. Remove the pork from the pan and reserve. Ditch the fat in the pan and give a few drops of new oil. Repeat with the second pork and remove.nLower the heat to medium and toss in the fennel and onions and season them with salt and a sprinkle of crushed red pepper. Cook the onions and fennel until they are soft and very aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook 2 to 3 minutes longer.nAdd the wine and reduce by half. Stir in the mustard and add the bay leaves and thyme. Return the pork to the Dutch oven and add stock to the pan until it comes halfway up the side of the pork. Add salt if needed. Bring the liquid to a boil, cover and put the Dutch oven in the preheated oven.nAfter 1 hour, turn the pork over and add more liquid to the pan if the liquid level has gone down. Cover and return to the oven for 1 hour.nTurn the pork back over and return to the oven without the lid and cook for 45 more minutes. The liquid should concentrate.nRemove the pan from the oven, remove the pork and reserve for 15 minutes, tented with aluminum foil. Skim any excess fat from the pan and reduce the pan juices, if needed.nSlice the pork and serve with onions, fennel and juices.nWine Pairing Suggestion: Pinot Grigio, ingredients: [2 tablespoons coriander seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, toasted, One 4pound boneless pork picnic shoulder, sliced in half along the grain, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 fennel bulb, sliced, 1 large onion, sliced, Pinch crushed red pepper, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 2 cups dry white wine, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 3 bay leaves, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock], title: Braised Pork Shoulder, picturelink: PLp69klOQFNMNPXIPLqcG6gHjKJXnv2}, 35008: {instructions: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nLine a heavy large cookie sheet with foil. Spray foil with nonstick spray. In a medium bowl combine bananas and syrup. Mash bananas slightly with a fork. On a clean surface, lay flat 1 sheet of puff pastry. Cut pastry in 12 lengthwise. Using a rolling pin, roll out each pastry sheet into a 15 by 5inch rectangle. Cut each rectangle crosswise into thirds, forming 6 squares total. Evenly distribute 12 of the banana mixture onto center of each square. Fold corners of pastry into center and pinch ends together, twisting to seal. Repeat with remaining sheet of puff pastry and banana mixture. Arrange pastries on prepared cookie sheet. In a small bowl, combine sugar and cinnamon. Brush pastries with milk. Sprinkle cinnamonsugar over pastries. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden. Serve warm., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, 3 bananas, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup maple flavored pancake syrup, 1 package frozen puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons whole milk], title: Banana Purse, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 35009: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degree F. Butter and sugar 6 6ounce ramekins.nHeat the butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, hazelnut liqueur, and vanilla in a double boiler over medium heat until the butter melts. Remove the butter mixture from the heat, add the chocolate, and let sit until it melts, about 3 minutes. Place the chocolate mixture in a pie dish and place in the freezer for 10 minutes to firm up. Use a spoon to form the chilled mixture into 6 evenlysized balls about the size of a walnut. Reserve in the refrigerator.nMeanwhile, place the flour in a double boiler and slowly whisk in the milk. Add the salt. Heat the mixture over medium heat, whisking constantly until thick, about 5 minutes. Add the egg yolks and continue to whisk constantly. The mixture will thicken to the consistency of mayonnaise in another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat. Stir in the 6 ounces of chocolate and set aside to let the chocolate melt.nPlace the egg whites in a large bowl with the cream of tartar. Using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites until soft peaks. Gradually add in the 14 cup sugar and continue whipping until firm peaks. Fold the egg whites into the warm chocolate mixture.nPlace a ball of the chilled chocolate mixture in each of the ramekins. Spoon the souffle mixture over the chocolate balls and up to the rim of the ramekins. At this point the souffle can be covered and kept refrigerated for 2 days.nPlace the ramekins in a hot water bath and bake until golden on top and the souffle has risen, about 30 minutes 40 minutes if refrigerated. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus 14 cup, 1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 3 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, plus 6 ounces chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, Pinch salt, 4 eggs, separated, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Gianduja Souffle, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 35010: {instructions: Simmer eggs in lightly salted water for 12 to 15 minutes. Run under cold water until eggs are cool, then crack and peel cleanly. Split eggs neatly and remove yolks. In a large mixing bowl blend lobster, mustard, shallots, mayonnaise, capers and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Fill eggs with lobster salad and garnish with chives., ingredients: [2 dozen eggs, 2 1 14 pound lobsters, steamed, shelled, and chopped, 1 tablespoon of mustard, 3 shallots, 2 tablespoons of mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons of capers, 1 bunch of minced chives], title: Lobster Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 35011: {instructions: For the marinade: In a medium bowl, combine the garlic, oil, lime juice and zest, orange juice and zest, cilantro, Worcestershire, jalapeno, coriander, cumin, oregano and salt and pepper to taste.nFor the fajitas: Place the steak in a large resealable plastic bag and pour half of the marinade over. Seal the bag, pressing out as much air as possible, then massage to distribute the marinade. Lay the bag flat and refrigerate for 4 hours, flipping it occasionally.nPlace the mushrooms, onions and peppers in another resealable plastic bag and pour in the remaining marinade. Seal the bag, pressing out any excess air and massage to distribute the marinade. Refrigerate for 4 hours, flipping it occasionally.nTwenty minutes before cooking, bring the steak to room temperature. Wipe it clean from the marinade and pat it dry. Heat a grill pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat and spray generously with cooking spray. Cook the steak, 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium doneness. Transfer to a cutting board, cover loosely with aluminum foil and allow the meat to rest for 10 minutes. Slice the steak across the grain into thin slices and place on a serving platter.nMeanwhile, drain the marinade from the vegetables. Heat 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the vegetables and let them cook undisturbed for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until they are softened and have some browned spots, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove to a serving bowl and keep warm until ready to use.nFor serving: Serve the beef and vegetables along with all the accompaniments in separate dishes so that people can assemble their own fajitas.nIn a large bowl, combine the pineapple, watermelon, cilantro, cucumber, mango, papaya, red pepper, lime juice, chili powder, jalapeno, onion and 12 teaspoon salt. Stir to mix together and let sit for at least 10 minutes so the flavors blend. Serve with tortilla chips or tacos.nIn a bowl combine the avocados, red onion, jalapeno, cilantro, Cotija, lime juice, chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Mix well while mashing up the avocados slightly. Serve immediately with tortilla chips.nIn a small slow cooker, add the cheese cubes as well as both cans of the tomatoes with chilies, including the liquid from the cans. Set the slow cooker to low and let melt, stirring occasionally, until completely melted, about 30 minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve.nServe with tortilla chips, flour tortillas or as a topping for fajitas, nachos or tacos., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice from 4 to 5 limes plus 1 teaspoon fresh lime zest, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice from 12 of 1 large navel orange plus 1 teaspoon fresh orange zest, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh jalapeno from about 1 pepper, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of all visible fat and gristle, 2 portobello mushrooms, sliced into 12inch strips, 1 large onion, peeled and sliced from root end to stem end into 14inch strips, 1 large green bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 14inch strips, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 14inch strips, 1 large yellow or orange bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 14inch strips, Nonstick cooking spray, Vegetable oil, for sautu00e9ing, Tropical Salsa, recipe follows, Guacamole, recipe follows, Slow Cooker Texas Queso, recipe follows, Flour tortillas, warmed, Corn tortillas, warmed, Sour cream, Fresh cilantro, Shredded iceberg lettuce, Chopped tomatoes, Shredded Cheddar, Lime wedges, 1 cup diced pineapple 12inch dice, 1 cup diced watermelon 12inch dice, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 cup diced peeled cucumber 12inch dice, 12 cup diced mango 12inch dice, 12 cup diced papaya 12inch dice, 12 cup diced red bell pepper 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 large jalapeno, finely minced, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, Tortilla chips, for serving, 3 ripe Hass or Reed avocadoes, peeled, pits removed, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 12 large jalapeno, seeds removed, finely minced, 1 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup Cotija cheese, crumbled, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt, Tortilla chips, for serving, Two 16ounce packages processed cheese, such as Velveeta, cut into 1inch cubes, Two 10ounce cans tomatoes with chilies, such as Rotel Original, Tortilla chips, for serving, Flour tortillas, for serving], title: CitrusMarinated Beef Fajitas, picturelink: qIiS64R3wq1Y7zwtiCpO0PrB0Q5Ai}, 35012: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nIn a saucepan over medium heat combine the pureed ancho chili, ketchup, honey, vinegar, Worcestershire, black pepper, ground cumin and garlic. Bring the ingredients to a simmer and allow to cook for 20 minutes before removing from the heat. Add the bourbon to the finished glaze and allow to cool.nSeason the roast with salt and pepper, put the roast into a roasting pan and brush with the ancho marinade. Place the roasting pan into the oven and cook for 20 minutes before turning the heat down to 350 degrees. Brush the roast at frequent intervals during the cooking process to keep the roast moist as well as perfumed with the spice mixture. Add the roughly cut vegetables, and continue to cook until the roast reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove the roast from the pan and allow to stand for 20 minutes before carving.nWhile the roast is resting make a pan gravy. Pour off all of the rendered pork fat reserving 3 tablespoons, leave the rough cut vegetables in the pan, and place the roasting pan on the stove top. Turn the burner on underneath the roasting pan and keep the vegetables hot. Carefullyndeglaze the pan by adding the wine and allowing most of the liquid to cook off before adding the hot chicken broth. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Meanwhile in a small saucepan combine the 3 tablespoons of pork fat with the flour and cook gently to make a light brown roux , cooking about 3 to 4 minutes. Using a wire whisk add the roux to the simmering stock and whip the ingredient together to avoid lumping. Add any remaining marinade to the gravy and cook for 5 minutes before straining through a fine mesh strainer. Serve the roast, by carving at the table, with ancho gravy on the side., ingredients: [2 ounces dried ancho chili peppers, soaked in 12 cup hot water until softened, seeds carefully removed , pureed until smooth, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup honey, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin seed, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, about 1 tablespoon, 14 cup good Kentucky Bourbon, 1 4 to 5 pound centercut loin of pork, Salt and pepper, 1 carrot roughly chopped, 1 onion roughly chopped, 1 celery stalk roughly chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 tablespoons rendered pork fat, 2 cups hot chicken broth], title: Roast Loin of Pork, picturelink: null}, 35013: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup oats, 1 tablespoon wheat germ, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon each salt and chopped thyme, and a pinch of pepper in a bowl. Whisk 3 tablespoons molasses, 13 cup vegetable oil and 34 cup milk stir into the flour mixture. Drop 10 mounds of dough 14 cup each on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Brush with milk and sprinkle with more oats, thyme and salt. Bake at 450 degrees F until golden, about 12 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Molasses Biscuits, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 35014: {instructions: For the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes on a large baking sheet and bake, stirring twice, 10 minutes. Let cool leave the oven on.nButter a 2quart square baking dish. In a large bowl, whisk together the reducedfat milk, granulated sugar, orange peel, cardamom and eggs. Add the dry bread cubes and dates toss to coat the bread with the egg mixture.nPour the egg mixture into the prepared baking dish and let sit for 10 minutes. Using a flat spatula, press the bread down into the egg mixture, then bake until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes.nFor the orange whiskey sauce: Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, combine the milk and brown sugar. In a small bowl, combine the orange juice, cornstarch and 3 tablespoons whiskey and stir together with a fork until combined. Pour into the milk mixture in the pan, scraping the bowl to get all of the cornstarch. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly. Turn down to mediumlow and cook until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter, salt and remaining 2 tablespoons of whiskey. Serve over the warm bread pudding., ingredients: [4 cups wholegrain bread cubes from about 4 to 5 pieces of sandwich bread, Unsalted butter, for buttering the baking dish, 2 14 cups reducedfat 1 percent milk, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom or cinnamon, 4 large eggs, beaten, 13 cup chopped dates, 1 14 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 5 tablespoons whiskey or bourbon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Pinch salt], title: Bread Pudding with Dates and Orange Whiskey Sauce, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 35015: {instructions: 1. Toss together the carrots, garlic, coriander, paprika, 14 teaspoon pepper, and vinegar in a bowl.n2. Heat a splash of oil in a hot pan and add the onions. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes. Pour the onions over the carrots and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours and up to overnight.n3. Just before serving, add the cilantro leaves to the carrot mixture. Spread the Greek yogurt on the pita chips and serve alongside the carrot salad., ingredients: [4 carrots, shredded, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 14 teaspoon paprika, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 1 small white onion, diced, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Greek yogurt, for serving, 24 pita chips, for serving], title: Spiced Carrot Salad with Yogurt Pitas, picturelink: cQoa9vqgsuE0nxGyK2s7NN9fHH966a}, 35016: {instructions: For the filling: Peel and core the apples, and cut them into 12inchthick slices. Toss them with the granulated sugar and lemon juice. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the firmer apples soften but still hold their shape, 15 to 18 minutes. Add the cream, flour, cinnamon and salt, and stir until the juices thicken, about 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, and let the filling cool completely. Transfer it to a 9by13inch baking dish.nFor the topping: Mix the flour, oats, walnuts, granulated sugar, butter and salt together in a medium bowl, using your fingers to work the butter into the flour, until the mixture comes together and holds its shape when squeezed.nDrop small clumps of the topping over the filling, and wrap the baking dish well with plastic wrap. Label and date, and freeze for up to 2 weeks.nTo serve: Position an oven rack in the top third of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Unwrap the crisp, and bake, frozen and uncovered, until the filling is hot and bubbly and the top is golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Dust the crisp with confectioners sugar, and serve warm with scoops of vanilla ice cream if you like., ingredients: [4 pounds firm mixed apples, such as Granny Smith or Golden Delicious, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch fine salt, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: MakeAhead Apple Crisp, picturelink: zlRELGQ.K0Ke1qaRtrkbi5GQjqb2T.}, 35017: {instructions: Salad: Peel the cucumbers, trim the ends, and cut in half lengthwise. Remove the seeds by scooping out the centers of the cucumbers with a teaspoon. Slice cucumbers crosswise into 14inch pieces, place them into a colander fitted over a bowl, and toss with salt. Weigh the cucumbers down lightly with another bowl fitted inside the colander, and place cucumbers in the refrigerator. Drain for 1 to 2 hours. Transfer cucumbers to a mixing bowl and toss with the onion and red pepper. In a separate small bowl, dissolve the sugar in the vinegar, pour vinegar over the top of the cucumbers, and toss in the dill. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving.nSauce: Whip the cream until thick and add the horseradish and mustard. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, whisking. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Set aside until serving.nSalmon: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place a large, ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add olive oil and swirl to coat the bottom. Season the fillets with salt and pepper, brush each fillet generously with butter onto the skin side only. Place the fillet into the hot pan, butter side down, and brown for 2 minutes over high heat. Pop the pan into the oven for 3 minutes. Remove and serve.nPlating: Mound one quarter of the cucumber salad into the center of each plate, and top with one salmon fillet, skin sideup. Surround with one quarter of sauce, and serve., ingredients: [3 medium cucumbers 8 ounces each, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more to season, 12 medium red onion, peeled and sliced very thinly, 1 red pepper, seed and ribs removed, thinly sliced, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh dill, 1 12 cups clabber cream or creme fraiche, 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly ground horseradish or prepared, spicy horseradish, drained, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Freshly ground pepper, 4 7ounce salmon fillets, with skin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons butter, room temperature], title: Pan Seared and Roasted Salmon with Crisp Cucumber Salad Horseradish Dijon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add 1 teaspoon of the olive oil, onion and ground beef. Season with salt and pepper. Saute until the meat browns and the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, and cool.nBrush 1 teaspoon of oil over a large baking sheet. Cook the manicotti in a large pot of boiling salted water until slightly softened, but still very firm to the bite, about 4 to 6 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the manicotti from the pot to the oiled baking sheet and cool.nMeanwhile, combine the ricotta, 1 12 to 2 cups mozzarella cheese, 12 cup Parmesan, and parsley. Add the garlic, salt, and pepper to taste, and mix. Stir the cooled meat mixture into the cheese mixture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil over a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Spoon 1 12 cups of the marinara sauce over the bottom of the prepared dish. Fill the manicotti with the cheesemeat mixture. Arrange the stuffed pasta in a single layer in the prepared dish and spoon the remaining sauce over.nSprinkle the remaining 1 12 cups of mozzarella cheese, then the remaining 12 cup of Parmesan over the stuffed pasta. Dot entire dish with the butter pieces. Bake the manicotti uncovered until heated through and the sauce bubbles on the sides of the dish, about 30 to 35 minutes. Let the manicotti stand 5 minutes and serve., ingredients: [4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 8ounce package manicotti, 1 15ounce container wholemilk ricotta, 3 cups shredded mozzarella, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 cups marinara sauce, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces], title: Beef and Cheese Manicotti, picturelink: yXW3oycxSg54t2OrTdDL2NPlYllNIBq}, 35019: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, ground fennel and paprika in a small bowl. Pat the capon dry with paper towels and place on a baking sheet. Rub the spiced oil all over the skin and inside the cavity. Season inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff the garlic and lemons inside the cavity. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the capon from the refrigerator and uncover about 30 minutes before roasting. Whisk the pomegranate molasses and mustard in a small bowl set aside. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Set a rack in a large roasting pan and brush with olive oil add the chicken broth and onion to the pan. Put the capon on the rack breastside down. Roast until the skin starts to brown and crisp, about 30 minutes.nRemove the capon from the oven and reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Insert a wooden spoon into the cavity of the capon and carefully turn it breastside up. Baste with the pan drippings. Continue roasting, basting every 30 minutes, until the skin is browned and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 1 12 hours to 1 hour 45 minutes. Brush with half of the pomegranate glaze during the last 15 minutes of roasting.nTransfer the capon to a cutting board and brush with the remaining pomegranate glaze. Let rest 20 minutes before carving.nStrain the pan juices into a fat separator. Pour the liquid into a gravy boat or small bowl, leaving any fat in the cup. Alternatively, strain the pan juices into a glass measuring cup and skim off the fat with a spoon. Carve the capon and serve with the pan juices.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground fennel seed, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 8 to 9pound capon or turkey, giblets removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 heads garlic, halved horizontally, 2 lemons, halved, 12 cup pomegranate molasses, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 large onion, roughly chopped], title: Spiced Capon with Pomegranate Glaze, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 35020: {instructions: Put the ham into a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and then immediately drain and rinse it in a colander, to remove any excess saltiness. Alternatively, leave the ham soaking in cold water overnight.nRinse the saucepan and put the ham back in, and add all remaining ingredients. If the fruit juices do not cover the ham then add some water it really depends on how snugly your ham fits into the saucepan.nBring the pan to a boil and then cook at a fast simmer for about 3 12 to 4 hours. Partially cover the ham with a lid if the liquid is boiling away too much and the top of the ham is getting dry.nOnce the ham is cooked, remove it from the hot and now salty juice, and sit it on a board. If you want, you can actually cook this far ahead of schedule and then let it get entirely cold before glazing and roasting it. If thats the case, then cook it for about 12 hour less and then just let it get cold in the cooking liquid.nOn the day of cooking, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWhen the ham is cool enough to touch then cut and peel the rind off the cooked ham, making sure to leave a thin coating of the white fat on the ham. Score the fat into a diamond pattern with a sharp knife, and stud the points of each diamond with a clove.nHeat the remaining glaze ingredients together in a saucepan until the jelly or sauce melts into the honey, mustard, and cinnamon to make a smooth but syrupy glaze it needs to be thick enough not to run off the ham completely as it cooks in the oven.nSit the ham on a piece of foil in a roasting tin, which will give you an easier time later washing up, as the sugary glaze will burn as bits of it do inevitably dribble down the ham. Pour the glaze over the clove studded ham so that all of the scored fat is covered. Cook the ham for 15 minutes or until the fat is colored and burnished by the sugary glaze.nIf the ham is completely cold prior to glazing, then cook for 40 minutes at 350 degrees F, and turn up the heat to 425 degrees F for another 15 minutes. These timings are based on the ham being cold at room temperature, not refrigerator cold., ingredients: [7 12 pounds gammon ham, 8 cups cranberry juice, 8 cups apple juice, 2 cinnamon sticks, halved, 2 onions, halved but not peeled, 1 tablespoon allspice berries, Approximately 30 cloves, 4 tablespoons cranberry jelly, or 6 tablespoons cranberry sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon English mustard powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Fully Festive Ham, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 35021: {instructions: For the sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, 1 tablespoon warm water, lemon juice and cayenne pepper in a blender and process until combined. Scrape out and set aside.nFor the eggs: Fill a wide pot with about 3 inches of water. And the vinegar and bring to a low simmer.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add the Canadian bacon and shallots and cook, stirring frequently, until golden, about 4 minutes. Add the kale, remove from the heat and stir until the kale wilts, about 2 minutes. Season with pepper. Set aside and keep warm.nToast the English muffins in a toaster oven or under a broiler until lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Top each with a tomato slice and toast until the tomato is just slightly warm, about 1 minute. Top each tomato slice with the Canadian baconkale mixture.nCrack each egg into a separate mug or bowl, and slip them one at a time into the simmering water. Cook until the whites are at desired doneness, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on each English muffin. Drizzle with the hollandaise. Serve each with 12 cup of berries and a glass of milk., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 ounces Canadian bacon, cut into small chunks, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 8 cups petite kale or baby spinach, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 whole wheat English muffins, split, 1 large ripe tomato, cut into 4 slices, 4 large eggs, 2 cups berries such as raspberry, blueberry or blackberry, Four 6ounce glasses reducedfat milk], title: Kale and Tomato Eggs Benedict with Berries, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 35022: {instructions: Whisk together the lime juice, chiles, garlic and olive oil in a small bowl. Generously brush each piece of meat all over with the marinade and roll each piece up into a cylinder. Arrange the rolled steaks in a shallow nonreactive dish and pour on remaining marinade. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator 24 to 48 hours.nAbout 30 minutes before cooking, remove the meat from the refrigerator. Unroll the steaks and sprinkle with salt.nHeat the grill to very hot. Cook the steaks just until seared on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and slice across the grain into diagonal strips. Serve hot with Cactus Relish and warm flour tortillas.nHeat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium high heat. Saute the corn with the salt and pepper, about 5 minutes. Add nopales, tomatillos, and peppers and saute briefly to combine and warm slightly. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and set aside to cool.nAdd cilantro, vinegar and scallions and stir well to combine. Let sit 20 to 30 minutes to blend the flavors.nServe at room temperature. Relish can be stored, tightly covered, in the refrigerator up to 2 days.nYield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [Juice of 6 limes, 3 jalapeno chiles, seeded and minced, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 3 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 6 serving pieces, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup fresh corn kernels about 2 ears, or high quality canned or frozen, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup prepared cactus paddles or nopales, prickly pear cactus, rinsed and diced fine, 6 tomatillos, husked, washed and finely diced, 1 to Serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Grilled Skirt Steak with Cactus Relish, picturelink: null}, 35023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a melon baller, scoop out the center of each cucumber slice to form a small bowl. Finely chop the cucumber centers and put them into a large bowl.nAdd all of the remaining ingredients and gently toss.nSpoon about a tablespoon of the crab mixture into each cucumber cup. Arrange them on a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 English cucumbers, sliced into 1inch thick pieces, 1 avocado, diced, 1 cup frozen asparagus tips, thawed, 1 hard boiled egg, diced, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons Thousand Island Dressing, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves, 1 8ounce container fresh crabmeat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crab Sandy, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 35024: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes remove to paper towels. Finely chop and set aside.nPour off all but 3 tablespoons drippings from the skillet. Add 4 tablespoons butter and melt over low heat. Pour into a 9inchround cake pan, tilting the pan to coat the bottom. Sprinkle the brown sugar evenly over the butter mixture.nPlace a pineapple ring in the middle of the pan, then arrange the remaining rings around the outside, overlapping them slightly if necessary. Sprinkle about 3 tablespoons of the chopped bacon in the middle of the rings and between them.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the remaining 1 stick butter and the granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Increase the mixer speed to high and beat until the batter is smooth, about 15 more seconds. Fold in the remaining chopped bacon.nSpread the batter over the pineapple in the pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and let cool 15 minutes, then run a knife around the edge and invert onto a platter. Let cool at least 1 hour before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 7 fresh pineapple rings about 12 inch thick, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup buttermilk], title: BaconPineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 35025: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. In another mixing bowl, whisk the eggs and milk together. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the eggmilk mixture. Gradually draw in the flour from the sides and combine well the dough should be smooth and thick. Let the dough rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nBring 3 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large pot, then reduce to a simmer. To form the spaetzle, hold a large holed colander or slotted spoon over the simmering water and push the dough through the holes with a spatula or spoon. Do this in batches so you dont overcrowd the pot. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until the spaetzle floats to the surface, stirring gently to prevent sticking. Dump the spaetzle into a colander and give it a quick rinse with cool water.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and add the spaetzle tossing to coat. Cook the spaetzle for 1 to 2 minutes to give the noodles some color, and then sprinkle with the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper before serving., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives], title: Spaetzle, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 35026: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Cream of Mushroom Soup with Roasted Kuri Squash Puree, Chestnut Mushroom Ravioli and Maitaki Mushroom Fritters, picturelink: null}, 35027: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the cheese into large chunks that will fit in the shredder attachment of a food processor. Shred the cheese in the processor. Sprinkle cornmeal on a clean surface and roll out the dough until it is approximately 12inch thick should be about an 18inch circle. Transfer dough to a pizza stone or rimless pan large enough to hold it.nSpread the sauce over the surface of the crust, leaving approximately 12inch of crust around the edge. Sprinkle the cut vegetables on top of the sauce and then sprinkle the cheese over the veggies.nBake for approximately 20 minutes, or until golden brown and bubbly. Serve hot.nSift the flours together in a medium sized bowl. Place the yeast in a separate bowl and pour the warm water over it let stand for about 5 minutes. Combine all ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer with the dough hook attachment, mixing for approximately 5 minutes. Set the dough aside to rise for approximately 2 hours.nOnce the dough has risen, roll out the dough to a circle that is approximately 12inch thick and about 18 inches in diameter., ingredients: [16 ounces dairyfree vegan cheese, Cornmeal, for dusting, WholeWheat Crust, recipe follows, 1 jar pizza sauce recommended: Muir Glen Organic Sauce, 3 red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large chunks, 1 orange bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large chunks, 2 medium red onions, cut into large chunks, 4 portobello mushroom caps, cut into large chunks, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 1 14 cups warm water about 110 degrees F, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Vegetarian Pizza, picturelink: null}, 35028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the strawberries in a bowl and sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the sugar over them. Toss with the lemon juice and salt. Let the strawberries macerate and get juicy for 30 minutes to an hour.nWhip the heavy cream with the remaining tablespoon sugar until soft peaks. Then add the lemon zest and vanilla extract.nIn an 8ounce glass or mason jar, which I like to use, layer some crumbled Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits with some macerated strawberries and spoonfuls of whipped cream. Keep alternating layers until the jar is full, and then try not to eat like a complete animal. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a heavy castiron skillet preferably 12 inch into the oven to preheat. Chill a large mixing bowl, pastry cutter, the flour and 1 stick of the butter in the freezer 15 minutes before assembling the biscuits.nAdd the flour to the chilled mixing bowl. Working quickly, cut 1 stick of the butter into the flour using the chilled pastry cutter or your fingers the goal here is peasize balls of butter. In batches, add in the buttermilk until the dough is cohesive yet still moist. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and lightly press into a 1inchthick round. Using a 2 12inch biscuit cutter or the business end of a dry measuring cup, cut out 10 biscuits. Use the extra dough to cook up a big piece of shortcake for dessert....strawberry shortcakenCarefully remove the skillet from the oven and add the oil. Place the dough rounds into the hot skillet, right up against each other, and brush with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [2 quarts strawberries, hulled and quartered, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 lemon, zested and juice of half, Pinch kosher salt, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, cold, Splash vanilla extract, 4 to 6 Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits, crumbled, recipe follows, or your favorite biscuit, 4 cups selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 1 stick good butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted, 2 to 3 cups cold buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Strawberry Long Cake, picturelink: D7mJ0oEEXd2Eb5OhpZul8VFTO26cjDG}, 35029: {instructions: Pour in Amaretto in a clear glass mug and add coffee. Garnish with whipped cream, cinnamon, nutmeg and cinnamon stick., ingredients: [12 shots of amaretto, strong coffee, whipped cream, cinnamon sticks, cinnamon, nutmeg], title: Amaretto Coffee, picturelink: null}, 35030: {instructions: Add the tomatoes, basil, garlic, olive oil and some salt and pepper to a bowl. Toss and let marinate for 5 minutes.nToast the baguette slices in a hot pan with grapeseed oil. Remove to a plate and season with salt and pepper.nAdd a dollop of whipped ricotta to each of the baguettes, then top with the marinated tomatoes and drizzle with balsamic., ingredients: [14 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, 4 basil leaves, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 or 3 baguette slices, Grapeseed oil, Fresh ricotta, lightly whipped to soften, 1 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar], title: Bruschetta, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 35031: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the chips: In a large frying pan pour enough oil to fill it 1inch deep, and heat it to 360 degrees F. When the oil begins to swirl add the tortilla wedges in batches and fry, flipping once until golden and a light tap sounds hollow, about 4 minutes total. Remove to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle each batch with a pinch of salt as they are placed on the plate. Transfer evenly to serving plates or a platter.nMeanwhile make the jalapeno salsa: On a baking sheet toss the jalapeno halves, onion, and garlic with olive oil and arrange so that garlic cloves hide under the cavities of the jalapeno halves. Season with salt and pepper, and roast in the oven until the jalapenos begin to blacken and char along with the onions, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and place all the ingredients, oil included, into a food processor. Add the cilantro, chicken stock, and lime juice, blend until smooth, taste and season with salt. Set aside.nFor the cheese sauce: In a small saucepan on medium heat, add the butter, oil, onion, pinch salt and couple grinds pepper. Saute until the onions are tender, then add the flour and cook until it stops foaming, but does not brown, about 2 minutes. Add the heavy cream and stir until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the cheese and stir until melted. Keep warm.nTo assemble the nachos, layer the chips on a platter and scatter with the shredded chicken, drizzle cheese sauce, and finish by topping with some of the jalapeno salsa., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 10 white corn tortillas, stacked and cut into 6 equal wedges, Kosher salt, 3 green jalapenos, halved and seeded, 2 cloves garlic, 12 medium onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup chopped onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces white Cheddar cheese, shredded, 1 rotisserie chicken, meat and skin removed from the bones and shredded], title: Nachos Blanco with Roasted Jalapeno Salsa, picturelink: L4CqU6U07R76NZACERXtgBVRV4pq3oO}, 35032: {instructions: Whisk together olive oil, garlic and white pepper in a large, shallow baking dish. Add shrimp and toss to coat completely. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat grill on high heat. Season shrimp with salt and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill, place on a large platter and immediately drizzle with aged sherry vinegar and sprinkle with fresh thyme., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 1 head garlic, cloves removed, peeled and coarsely chopped, Freshly cracked white pepper, 48 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Salt, 12 cup aged sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh], title: Red Hot Marinated Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: null}, 35033: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason venison on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add venison and saute until golden brown. Turn over, place pan in oven, and continue cooking for about 4 to 5 minutes for medium doneness. Drizzle the venison steaks with the Tangerine and Roasted Jalapeno Sauce. Serve with Sweet Onion and Sage Gratin.nHeat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and jalapenos and cook until onions are soft. Add wine and cook until reduced completely. Add the chicken stock and cook until reduced to 2 cups. Whisk in the tangerine concentrate and brown sugar and cook to a sauce onsistency. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 5inch loaf pan and set aside.nHeat oil and butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until soft and caramelized. Season with salt and pepper and fold in the sage. Place a layer of potatoes on the bottom of the loaf pan, top with a seventh of the mixture and about 3 tablespoons of the cream, season with salt and pepper and repeat to make 7 to 8 layers. Place the pan on a baking sheet and bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until the potatoes are cooked through and the top is golden brown. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [4 8ounce venison steaks, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Tangerine and Roasted Jalapeno Sauce, recipe follows, Sweet Onion and Sage Gratin, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, finely diced, 3 jalapenos, roasted, peeled, and chopped, 1 cup red wine, 6 cups homemade chicken stock, 1 cup thawed tangerine juice concentrate, 14 cup light brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, plus more for buttering the pan, 2 large sweet onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 sage leaves, cut into chiffonade, 4 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and thinly sliced on a mandoline, 1 12 cups heavy cream], title: Pan Roasted Venison with a Tangerine and Roasted Jalapeno Sauce and Sweet Onion and Sage Gratin, picturelink: null}, 35034: {instructions: Place a medium skillet with about 14inch of water over high heat and bring to a simmer for cooking the asparagus spears.nWhile the asparagus water is heating up start the beef tenderloin steaks. Heat a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Season the steaks with some salt and pepper. Coat pan with a little extravirgin olive oil and add the steaks. Meat will sear in hot pan. Cook beef 4 minutes on each side for medium.nOnce the beef is going, start the scallops preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat with 2 turns of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, about 2 tablespoons. With paper towels pat the scallops dry, season with a little salt and pepper and then add to the hot skillet. Sear the scallops in a single layer, causing them to caramelize, 2 minutes on each side.nOnce the steaks and scallops are going, add the asparagus tips to the boiling water for 3 minutes, or until just tender.nRemove the beef fillets from the skillet to a serving platter. Return the skillet to the heat and add 1 turn of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon. Add the chopped shallots and cook a little bit. Add the vermouth, use a spoon to scrape up the bits on the bottom of the pan, add the beef broth turn the heat up to high and bring to a simmer. Add 2 tablespoons of cold butter and stir until the butter has melted pour the sauce over the fillets of beef.nSprinkle the scallops with the chopped chives and remove from the skillet and arrange 2 scallops on top of each sauced up steak.nDrain the asparagus tips return them to the skillet and season with salt, pepper and a little squeeze of lemon juice, toss to coat. Plate the asparagus spears alongside the Manhattan sauced steaks and seared scallops., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 6 tournedos fillet of beef steaks, each 1 to 1 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 14 cup sweet vermouth, a good glug, 12 cup beef broth, 2 tablespoons cold butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 sea scallops, muscle removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch chives, chopped, 1 12 pounds thin asparagus spears, trimmed of woody ends, 14 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Surf and Turf Savings: Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Manhattan Sauce, Seared Scallops and Lemony Asparagus Spears, picturelink: null}, 35035: {instructions: Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Add asparagus, corn, sundried tomatoes and parsley and toss to combine. Add dressing and toss to coat., ingredients: [1 pound cooked ziti, 1 cup cooked asparagus, 1 can baby corn, drained, 12 cup diced oilpacked sun dried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 12 cup bottled Italian or Caesar dressing], title: Pasta Salad with Asparagus, Baby Corn, and Fresh Herbs, picturelink: y1oIZANx7LV3eG3u8pZBNveTy26ApS}, 35036: {instructions: Score the skin of the pork belly in a crisscross pattern using a sharp knife. Rub the sea salt into the pork skin, and set the meat aside for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWipe the salt from the pork skin with a paper towel and dry well. Drizzle a large roasting pan with enough olive oil. Place the pork belly in the pan, skinside down, and drizzle with additional olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sear the pork in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Then, reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and continue roasting for another 1 12 hours. At this point, carefully turn the pork over and roast for another 20 minutes, or until the skin is crisp.nRemove the pork from the oven, tent the meat loosely in foil and set it aside to rest for at least 15 minutes. Slice the pork belly and drizzle it with some caramel vinegar. Serve with steamed rice, Bok Choy, and freshly chopped red chile.nServing suggestion: steamed rice.nPut the sugar, vinegar, star anise and cinnamon in a small saucepan and cook, stirring, over medium heat until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to the boil and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the mixture is syrupy.nStir in the chicken stock and simmer for another 5 minutes, or until slightly reduced. Add the orange juice and peel, reduce the heat to low and simmer gently until thick and syrupy. Season to taste.nPut the soy sauce and sugar in a small saucepan over low heat and stir to dissolve the sugar. Simmer until the soy sauce has reduced by half. Remove from the heat and stir in the lime juice.nBlanch or steam the bok choy until it is bright green and tender crisp. Drizzle with the sweet soy and lime and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound pork belly, 2 tablespoons sea salt, plus more as needed, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Freshly cracked black pepper, Caramel Vinegar, recipe follows, Bok Choy with Sweet Soy and Lime, recipe follows, Freshly chopped red chile, for garnish, 12 cup brown sugar, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 cup chicken stock, Juice of 1 orange and 4 wide strips of orange peel, Sea Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons caster sugar superfine, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice, 3 bunches baby bok choy pak choy], title: Crisp Pork Belly with Caramel Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 35037: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Let cool. Peel and add to a blender. Process the tomatoes, peanuts, peanut butter, and adobo sauce until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nAdd the sauce to a medium skillet and add the chicken. Stir for 3 minutes over medium heat until warm. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with sesame seeds and chopped cilantro. Serve with warm tortillas or white rice., ingredients: [2 large tomatoes, cored, 2 cups roasted, unsalted peanuts, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles reserve chipotles for another use, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded chicken breast meat, from 2 cooked chicken breasts, Sesame seeds, for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, Warm corn tortillas or white rice, for serving], title: Chicken in Peanut Sauce, picturelink: bPmjx3f9t7YTyu5dHJtjSrXTaoIzBi}, 35038: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour an 8inch round cake pan.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, cake flour and baking powder. Using a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and almond paste on high speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add vanilla extract and slowly pour in confectioners sugar. Mix until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Raise speed to high and add the egg yolks and whole eggs, one at a time. Reduce speed to medium and add the sour cream and dry ingredients and mix until just incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pan and smooth the surface with a spatula. Bake in the lower third of the oven for 35 minutes, or until the cake is golden and pulls away from the sides of the pan. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let cool. Remove from pan and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [12 cup fine yellow cornmeal, 12 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup almond paste, cut into halfinch pieces, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 4 egg yolks, 2 eggs, 14 cup sour cream], title: Almond Cake, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 35039: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 465 degrees.nRinse and clean the quail and pat dry. Rub them with salt and pepper and tie in shape with string. Grease a casserole with butter. Place the quail, bunch of herbs, bay leaf and onions in the casserole. Sprinkle the quail with flour. Cook them in the preheated oven for about 10 minutes until the flour has browned. Turn them over and add the figs. Pour on the white wine and then stir in the chocolate. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and continue cooking for another 10 minutes. Serve in the casserole., ingredients: [4 quail, ready prepared, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 bouquet garnish bunch herbs e.g. thyme, rosemary and oregano, 1 or 2 bay leaves, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon flour, 6 or 8 fresh figs, peeled, Generous 34 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon grated semisweet chocolate], title: Cordornices con Higos Quail with Figs, picturelink: null}, 35040: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the pancake mix, cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla and 4 cups water. Whisk until just combined  a few small lumps left is just fine.nHeat a 10inch skillet over medium heat. Add 12 teaspoon vegetable oil to the pan and swirl to coat evenly. Add about 2 cups of batter to the pan to make the first pancake. Cook for 6 minutes on the first side, adjusting the heat as needed to cook gently without burning. When small bubbles start to burst on the surface, sprinkle over a few chocolate chips and slide the pancake onto a flat plate. Place the pan over the plate and flip the pancake back into the pan. Cook for an additional 2 minutes, then remove the pancake to a wire cooling rack to cool completely. Continue with the remaining batter, going down by about 12 cup or 14 cup for each pancake. When the pancakes get small enough, feel free to simply flip with a spatula. You should end up with about 8 pancakes.nPlace the cream cheese, butter, sugar, peppermint extract, salt and milk in a large bowl. Beat with a handheld mixer on medium speed until fully combined and light and fluffy, 3 minutes. Set aside.nPlace the largest pancake on a flat cake stand. Spread some of the frosting over the top of the pancake, leaving a 13inch border on the outside. Sprinkle with some of the crushed candy canes. Continue stacking the pancakes with the frosting and the candy canes, going down in size as you stack. Insert a long skewer through the center of the cake to hold the layers in place. Trim the skewer so that the top is flush with the top of the cake, and cover with more frosting. Decorate with mini meringue cookies on top if desired., ingredients: [6 cups pancake mix, such as Krusteaz, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Vegetable oil, for pan, 1 12 cups bittersweet chocolate chips, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 4 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 1 cup powdered sugar, 34 teaspoon peppermint extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup whole milk, room temperature, 3 candy canes, crushed, Mini meringue cookies, for garnish, optional], title: Chocolate Candy Cane Tower, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 35041: {instructions: Special equipment: a round aluminum pizza pan or a wooden pizza peel and pizza stonenFor the dough: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, dissolve the yeast in the water until there are no pieces of yeast left. Add the flour and start mixing on low. After the flour and water have started to mix, add the salt. Let mix for another minute until all of the flour from the sides of the bowl have been incorporated. If the dough is sticking to the side of the bowl, add flour slowly until it starts to firm up around the dough hook. Add the olive oil and mix for another 5 minutes.nLet the dough rest in the bowl, covered, for 10 minutes. In the meantime, spray a baking sheet or aluminum pan with cooking spray. After the dough is done resting, empty it onto a lightly floured prep surface. Weigh the dough out into three 10ounce portions. In your hands, fold the dough into itself, tightening the dough and removing air pockets with each fold. Add flour to your hands if the dough is too sticky. When the dough is tight enough to hold its shape, put it on to the greased baking sheet and spray the top with a little of the cooking spray. Cover with plastic wrap and let proof at room temperature for 1 to 1 12 hours. The dough should at least double in size. You can also proof in the fridge overnight and leave it out 30 minutes before you are ready to use it the next day.nFor the garlic ricotta: While the dough is proofing, make the roasted garlic ricotta, sliced zucchini and charred red onions. Start roasting the garlic right away as it will take the most time.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut off the tops of the heads of garlic. Drizzle the olive oil over the tops of the garlic, wrap in aluminum foil and roast for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Once tender, remove from the oven and let cool. In a stainless bowl, squeeze out the roasted garlic. Add a splash of oil and a pinch of salt and pepper. Using a spatula, smooth the garlic into a paste in the bowl. Add the ricotta and fold in the garlic until it is completely incorporated.nFor the charred red onions: Turn the oven temperature up to 500 degrees F. Cut the ends off the onions, and peel off the tough outer layer. Cut in half lengthwise and thinly slice. Toss in olive oil and cook on a baking sheet in the oven of 15 to 20 minutes until you see a good bit of charred pieces. Cool.nFor the zucchini: While the onions cook, cut the ends off of the zucchini and squash and thinly slice on a bias. Toss in a metal bowl with the olive oil, pepper flakes, lemon zest and salt and pepper.nTo assemble the pizza: Leave the oven temperature at 500 degrees F, and lightly flour a smooth work surface. Take out one of the dough balls. Starting at the edges, gently press down on the dough, being careful not to pull at it. Continue pressing the edges and work towards the center, keeping the dough round. Make sure to flour both sides at least twice during this process. Once youve stretched the dough to about 14 inches, move it onto a round aluminum pizza pan or a wooden peel if you plan on sliding it on to a pizza stone.nStart assembling the pie by spreading the ricotta mixture all over the base. Place several slices of fresh mozzarella evenly over the crust. Next, add the cut zucchini and squash and charred red onions. Drizzle with olive oil and place in the oven on the aluminum pan or if using a pizza stone, slide on from the wooden peel. Let bake for about 10 minutes, then slide the pizza right onto the oven rack and cook for another 5 to 10 minutes or until the crust is golden brown. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 12 cups room temperature water, 12 ounce fresh yeast or 1 packet dry yeast, 4 cups bread flour, such as King Arthur, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Splash of olive oil about a tablespoon, Cooking spray, 2 heads garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for mixing, Pinch of kosher salt and pepper, 2 cups ricotta, 4 red onions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 green zucchinis, 2 yellow summer squash, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons lemon zest about 2 lemons, Pinch of kosher salt and pepper, Fresh mozzarella, sliced, for serving], title: Great White Pizza, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 35042: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a 9 by 13inch cake pan aluminum is fine with butter. Beat the 1 12 sticks butter and the sugar together in a large bowl until blended. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time, then stir in water and vanilla. Sprinkle the salt and baking powder over the mixture, then mix in. Do the same with the cocoa. Finally, stir in the flour until just blended.nPut the candy bars in a food processor or blender and pulse on low speed until all the bars have been reduced to a coarse crumble. Fold the crumble into the batter thoroughly. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for about 30 minutes, until the center is set, the edges look a bit crusty, and the top of the brownies start to crack a little. Cool completely before cutting into squares., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons butter, melted, plus a little more for greasing the pan, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cups unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 10 mini chocolatepeanut candy bars, crumbled about 1 12 cups, refrigerator cold recommended  Snickers fun size], title: Candy Bar Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: oJs9a4xhBE31tHxza10Aj5AbWq0qTC}, 35043: {instructions: In a blender blend together the jalapeno, the vinegar, the mustard, the sugar, the salt, and the hot sauce with the motor running add the oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is smooth. Transfer the dressing to a large shallow dish and stir in the caraway seeds and the zest.nIn a kettle of salted boiling water simmer the leeks for 7 to 10 minutes, or until they are just tender, and with tongs transfer them to paper towels to drain. Brush the cut sides of the leeks lightly with some of the dressing and grill the leeks, cut sides down, on a rack set about 6 inches over glowing coals for 1 to 2 minutes, or until they are golden brown. Transfer the leeks to the dish of dressing, turning them to coat them well, and let them marinate, covered and chilled, overnight. Serve the leeks at room temperature., ingredients: [1 fresh Serrano chili, seeded and chopped wear rubber gloves, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijonstyle mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, toasted lightly, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lime zest, 3 leeks, trimmed to about 6 inches, split lengthwise, the roots trimmed, the tough outer leaves discarded, and the leeks washed well], title: Marinated Grilled Leeks, picturelink: null}, 35044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: cookie cutters or kitchen shears, a drinking straw and thin ribbon or butchers twinenLine a baking sheet with paper towels or fit with a cooling rack. In a pie dish, mix together the sugar and cinnamon.nAdd enough oil to a shallow heavybottomed pot to come 1 inch up the sides. Heat over medium to low heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 360 degrees F.nUse large cookie cutters or kitchen shears to make desired shapes and designs with the flour tortillas. Use a straw to make a hole on top of each for hanging.nFry each tortilla shape for 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove and drain on the prepared baking sheet. Dredge the tortillas in the cinnamon sugar while still hot.nTo assemble, thread a piece of ribbon or butchers twine through the hole on top of each ornament and tie off to form a loop for hanging., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cinnamon, Oil, for frying tortillas, 6 flour tortillas], title: Tortilla Ornaments, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 35045: {instructions: Place berries and sugar in a blender and process until smooth. Serve immediately, or place in freezer until ready to use., ingredients: [1 bag frozen mixed berries, Sugar, to taste], title: Mixed Berry Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 35046: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nGrease a 9inch pie pan and set aside. In a small bowl, mix together the cashews, graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup sugar, and the melted butter you may choose to process the cashews and graham crackers in a food processor to finely grind them. Press crumb mixture into the bottom and sides or pie pan.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the sweetened condensed milk and egg yolks until smooth, mixing either by hand or with an electric mixer. Slowly add the Key lime juice and mix to incorporate. Pour into the unbaked crust and bake for 50 minutes or until center is set. Cool pie to room temperature then refrigerate for several hours.nWhen pie is cool, make the whipped topping. In the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the heavy cream, orange zest, and remaining 2 ounces of sugar until it has reached the consistency of whipped cream. Spread whipped topping evenly over the cooled pie. The pie can be served immediately or allowed to set before serving., ingredients: [2 cups very finely chopped cashews, 1 cup finely ground graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup plus 2 ounces sugar, 34 cup melted butter, 3 cups sweetened condensed milk, 9 egg yolks, 1 12 cups Key lime juice, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 orange, zested], title: Cashew Crusted Key Lime Pie with a Whipped Cream Fruit Coulis, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 35047: {instructions: For the cheese sauce. In a saucepot on medium heat, add the shredded cheese, cream cheese, paprika, 8 ounces of the beer, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until melted. Keep warm, adding beer to loosen if needed.nFor the beef: On a griddle on high heat, add the beef and as it is cooking, sprinkle with the seasoning salt and black pepper. Cook quickly on high while flipping and allowing all sides to have contact with the griddle, for just a few minutes. Remove to a plate and cover lightly with aluminum foil.nFor the sandwich. On the inside of one side of each hero, add mayonnaise. On the other side, spread some ketchup. Add the beef, jalapenos, sweet peppers and cheese sauce. Close it up and go to town, ingredients: [2 cups shredded CheddarJack cheese blend, 8 ounces onion and chiveflavored whipped cream cheese, 12 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, 8 to 10 ounces beer, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12 to 16ounce boneless ribeye, slightly frozen, then very thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons seasoning salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 Italian heroes, split lengthwise but not in half, Mayonnaise, for spreading, Ketchup, for spreading, Pickled jalapenos, for topping, Pickled sweet peppers, for topping], title: Sunnys North Philly Cheesesteak, picturelink: jQSqJKoj5GwIsBcOsNJbLC.tKx7lbeW}, 35048: {instructions: Special equipment: a smoker and mandolinenWhisk the salt and sugar into 2 quarts cold water until dissolved. Place the pork into a plastic zippertopped bag, then pour in the brine. Leave in the fridge 8 hours or overnight.nPrepare a smoker for cooking at 225 degrees F. Take the pork out of the brine and pat dry. Coat entirely in mustard sauce. Smoke the pork, basting with more mustard sauce every 20 minutes, until the internal temperature registers 150 degrees F, about 2 12 hours. Let rest 20 minutes. Slice very thinly into 18inch medallions.nOn the bottom buns, place the Apple Slaw, the sliced pork ribboned high, then the Pickled Red Onions. Schmear the Apricot Habanero Aioli on the top buns. Close and cut Serve with spicy pickles.nWhisk together the vinegar, olive oil, Dijon, brown sugar, sesame oil, celery seed and some salt and pepper. Add in the apples, red peppers and chives. Season if necessary and let sit for at least 1 hour.nSimmer the vinegar with the sugar, salt and 12 cup water until the sugar and salt have dissolved. Add in the onions and let sit 8 hours or overnight.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, apricot habanero sauce, garlic and some salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, One 1 12pound pork tenderloin, silver skin removed2 cups favorite mustard sauce, such as Pork  Mindys, plus additional for basting, 4 fresh pretzel rolls, split, buttered and griddled, Apple Slaw, recipe follows, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, Apricot Habanero Aioli, recipe follows, Spicy pickles, for serving, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil1 teaspoon celery seed, Salt and pepper, 2 Granny Smith apples, cut into julienne strips on a mandoline, 1 red bell pepper, cut into julienne strips on a mandoline, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 medium red onion, sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup favorite apricot habanero sauce, such as Pork  Mindys, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Smoked Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with Apple Slaw and Apricot Habanero Aioli, picturelink: null}, 35049: {instructions: In a large pot, over high heat, coat bottom of pot with oil and brown off the chicken breast until golden on both sides. The chicken may have to be browned off in smaller batches to brown evenly. Remove chicken from pot and set aside. Next, add the onion, jalapeno, and the poblano pepper to the pan and saute over medium high heat for 3 minutes. Deglaze with beer and add all other ingredients. Return chicken to the pot and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and simmer for approximately 1 hour or until chicken is falling apart. Remove the chicken at this point and set aside to cool. Use a stick blender to puree the mole and continue to cook over medium heat until the sauce has become thick. Once chicken is cooled, shred chicken and toss with hot mole just before serving.nFor the arroz con pollo rice cakes:nPlace red bell pepper, onion, and garlic in a food processor and pulse ingredients until finely chopped. In a medium sized pot, heat oil over mediumhigh heat and saute red bell pepper, onion, and garlic mix for about 3 minutes. Next, add the basmati rice and continue to stir for about 3 more minutes. Add the chicken broth and the cumin seeds and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and cover and cook approximately 15 to 20 minutes until all liquid has evaporated. Spread the rice out onto a sheet try and let cool. Once rice is completely cooled, place rice in a medium sized mixing bowl and mix in all other ingredients. Form 8 even sized rice cakes or patties. In a medium sized saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the rice cakes until golden brown on both sides and cooked through on the inside.nFor the red pepper sofrito:nPlace red bell peppers, onions, and garlic in a food processer and pulse ingredients until finely chopped. In a medium saute pan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat and cook red bell pepper, onion, and garlic mix for approximately 10 minutes or until the raw onion flavor has mellowed. Season with salt and pepper and set mixture aside until ready to serve.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the poblano peppers, jalapenos, and the garlic on a sheet try and roast in oven until peppers are charred almost black and garlic is golden brown and soft. Set aside and allow to cool. Next, using rubber gloves remove seeds from the poblano peppers and the jalapenos. Place into a food processor along with garlic and all other remaining ingredients, except oil. While machine is running, slowly add enough oil to emulsify mixture. The mixture should be nice and smooth. Set aside until ready to serve.nFor the black bean ragu:nIn a medium pot over mediumhigh heat, heat oil and saute the poblano pepper and onion for about 5 minutes or until golden brown. Next, add all other remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Turn heat to mediumlow and cook approximately for 30 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated it should resemble a thick chili. Turn heat to low as low as you can and still frequently until ready to serve.nPlace approximately 12 cup of black bean ragu on a plate and then place 2 rice cakes on top of the ragu. Put a spoonful of red pepper sofrito on top of each rice cake.nNext toss the shredded chicken with the mole and place chicken on top of rice cakes. Drizzle a little of the roasted poblano pesto on top of the chicken and garnish with plantain chips. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola oil for browning chicken breast, 5 large bonelessskinless chicken breast about 8 ounces each, 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed and roughly chopped, 1 poblano pepper, seeds removed and roughly chopped, 1 beer, to deglaze recommend: Bass, 14 cup ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 3 dried ancho chilies, seeds removed, 14 cup sesame seeds, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, Chicken broth, to cover, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup red bell pepper, roughly chopped, 12 cup yellow onion, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups basmati rice, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 bunch scallions, finely sliced green part only, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Oil as needed, for frying cakes, 3 red bell peppers, roughly chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped, 6 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, Roasted Poblano Pesto:, 3 poblano peppers, 2 jalapenos, 2 teaspoons adobo seasoning, 2 limes, juiced, Canola oil as needed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 poblano pepper, small dice, 1 small yellow onion, small dice, 3 16ounce cans of black beans, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 cup tomatoes, small dice, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Plantain chips, for garnish], title: Nuevo Latino, picturelink: s9wH0ZEWZKXNsBSjTK4j3b2WMnW}, 35050: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork jus: Heat a large pot over medium heat and add the pork and bacon. Cook slowly until very caramelized, and then remove from the pot. Add the chopped vegetables and shallots and cook in the remaining fat until caramelized. Pour in the wine to deglaze, scraping up bits at the bottom, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add stock, thyme, peppercorns and bay leaves and simmer for 10 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh sieve, and then return to the pot and cook until reduced by half. Reserve 1 cup for the dip, and reserve the rest for another use.nFor the marmalade: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions, fennel and salt and cook until dark brown. Stir in the sugar and cook until caramelized and spreadable. Add the vinegar to deglaze, scraping up bits stuck to the bottom and cook down until the vinegar is no longer astringent. Stir in the pepper, and then spread onto a baking sheet to let cool.nFor the dip: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Slather the butter on the baguette and toast. Place the pork and bacon on a baking sheet, top with the Comte and warm in the oven. Smear the bottom bun with fennelonion marmalade and the top bun with the Dijon mustard. Place the sliced pork and bacon on the bottom bun and top with the prosciutto. Cut in half and serve with pork jus. Use remaining onion fennel marmalade for other recipes., ingredients: [5 pounds pork butt, 1 pound bacon, 1 gallon chopped celery, onions and carrots, 1 cup sliced shallots, 8 cups white wine, 2 gallons veal stock, 12 ounce fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 3 bay leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 8 yellow onions, julienne, 5 bulbs Italian fennel, julienne, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup Zinfandel vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces melted, emulsified butter, 12 baguette, halved open, 3 ounces sliced pork, 2 ounces bacon, 2 ounces proscuitto, 1 12 ounces Comte cheese, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard], title: The Pig Dip, picturelink: aKmT8Lct5Th96VJnERTjqPHZJpLes9G}, 35051: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the crust: In a mixing bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs and sugar until combined. Then, stir in the melted butter. Press the mixture firmly into a 9inch pie plate and set aside.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, mix the condensed milk, lemon juice, zest and egg yolks, reserving the whites for the meringue. Pour the mixture into the crust.nFor the meringue: Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until soft peaks form, then add the sugar and whip until peaks are stiff.nSpread the meringue over the pie and seal to the edge of the crust. Bake until the meringue browns slightly, 15 to 20 minutes. Chill for at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups fine graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup sugar, 12 stick 14 cup butter, melted, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup fresh lemon juice about 2 large lemons, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 3 large egg yolks, whites reserved for meringue, 3 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup sugar], title: Magic Lemon Meringue Pie, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 35052: {instructions: Mix the beef with the dark soy sauce, salt, cornstarch, and the 12 teaspoon sesame oil, and set aside.nMix 14 cup of the broth, the oyster sauce, light soy sauce, vinegar, dark soy sauce, and sugar set aside.nHeat about a cup of oil in a wok or skillet and when hot but not smoking, add the beef and cook, stirring, until the meat starts to change color it should be pink. Remove with a slotted spoon to drain. Remove the oil from the pan and reserve.nHeat a wok or skillet to hot and add 4 tablespoons of the reserved oil, and swirl the oil around the pan. When hot, add the noodles, spread out over the bottom of the pan, and let cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly browned. Flip and cook for another 1 to 1 12 minutes.nPush the noodles aside, and add the jalapenos, black beans, ginger, and garlic. Stir briefly, then toss with the noodles. When fragrant, add the red pepper, scallions and bok choy, and continue to toss. Add the oyster sauce mixture and toss to coat. Readd the beef and stir briefly. Add the remaining broth and continue to stir and cook until most of the liquid is gone. Remove to a plate and serve sprinkled with the green scallion slices, the sesame oil, and the black pepper.nPhotograph by Zeva Oelbaum, ingredients: [5 ounces flank steak, thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons dark soy sauce, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon sesame oil plus few drops for sprinkling, 12 cup fresh chicken broth, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 12 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, About 1 cup peanut or vegetable oil, 14 ounces fresh big rice noodles, sliced in 34inch widths, 8 slices jalapeno peppers, 1 12 teaspoons Chinese salted black beans, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced strips red bell or fresh chile pepper, 3 scallions, cut into 2inch lengths, 5 ounces baby bok choy, quartered lengthwise, 14 cup sliced scallion greens, Fresh ground black pepper], title: Blazing Big Rice Noodles with Beef, picturelink: FLAiOYOQOQaM2x5142jBJLXHcxuhgiq}, 35053: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a bowl and toss. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes before serving for flavors to me, ingredients: [1 large papaya, peeled, seeded and diced, 3 tomatillos, husks removed, diced, 14 cup diced red pepper, 14 cup diced scallion, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 serrano chiles, minced, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: PapayaTomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 35054: {instructions: Toss 14 cup grapefruit juice with 12 thinly sliced small red onion. Stir in 12 cup plain Greek yogurt and 12 teaspoon each pink peppercorns and kosher salt. Toss with 1 chopped large romaine heart and some grapefruit segments drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Grapefruit Salad with Peppercorn Dressing, picturelink: null}, 35055: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a knife, pierce the skin of the brisket in 5 places and insert the garlic cloves. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a heavy skillet or roasting pan, add the meat, sear on all sides and remove.nAdd 2 more tablespoons of the oil to the same pan and saute 34 of the onions about 6 cups until they are limp. Add the turmeric, ginger, white pepper, bay leaves, celery, 13 of the diced tomatoes, and water to the pan. Stirfry a minute or 2 and let cool.nPlace the brisket in a baking pan and surround with the cooked vegetables. Roast, covered, in the oven for 3 hours or until a fork goes in and out of the meat easily. Remove, cool and refrigerate, reserving the vegetables. You can prepare this a day ahead of time.nTomatoOnion Sauce: Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the frying pan add the remaining onions and saute until onions are translucent. Then add the remaining diced tomatoes and simmer, covered, for a few minutes. Set aside or refrigerate overnight or until ready to serve the meat.nWhen ready to serve, remove any fat that accumulated on the brisket as it cooled. Cut, against the grain, into slices about 14inch thick. Return the slices to the baking pan along with the reserved vegetables in which the meat was cooked. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and reheat the brisket, covered, for about 30 minutes.nAdd to the tomatoonion mixture, olives, preserved lemons and 2 tablespoons each of parsley and cilantro and heat in small saucepan. Remove the brisket and some, or all, of the vegetables to a serving platter and serve, covered with the tomatoonion sauce and garnished with the remaining parsley and cilantro.nCut 7 of the lemons lengthwise, almost into quarters, leaving them intact at one end. You can also slice them thin.nUsing your fingers, stuff as much salt as possible inside the lemons, close them, and place in sterilized widemouth 2 quart jar. Squeeze the juice of at least 4 lemons into the jar. Allow to stand, half covered, at least 1 week on the counter, shaking the bottle each day, or until the peels sink with the weight of the salt in the jar. Then add a few more salted lemons, lemon juice, and, if you like, olive oil to cover.nClose the jar and leave out on the counter for at least 3 weeks before using. When using the lemons, merely rinse with water, remove the seeds, and chop up for your recipes. Refrigerate after opening., ingredients: [5 to 6pound beef brisket, 5 garlic cloves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 large onions, diced about 8 cups, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 bay leaves, 1 celery stalk, diced, 3 large tomatoes, diced, 1 cup water, 1 12 cups green Moroccan olives, pitted, 2 to 3 preserved lemons, diced, recipe follows, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 to 15 lemons, 12 cup kosher salt], title: Moroccan Brisket with Olives, Tomatoes, Onions, and Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 35056: {instructions: Dry out bread cubes in a low oven 325 degreesF for 20 minutes they should be dry but not browned. Meanwhile, mash garlic with 14 teaspoon salt in 2 tablespoons oil and set aside for 20 minutes. Strain oil through a sieve into a saute pan and heat over low heat. Add croutons, toss to coat and saute until they are lightly colored.nIn a large salad bowl toss romaine leaves with remaining tablespoon olive oil, until wellcoated. Add lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce, break egg over salad, sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Toss salad, scooping leaves from the bottom and turning gently, taking care not to break them. Add croutons and serve immediately on chilled plates., ingredients: [1 cup cubed homemadestyle white or Italian bread 12inch croutons, 1 garlic clove, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium head romaine lettuce, leaves separated, washed, dried and chilled, Juice of 12 lemon, 3 drops Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg, boiled for 1 minute, 2 tablespoons freshlygrated Parmesan cheese], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 35057: {instructions: In a mediumsize saucepan, melt butter. Blend in flour and add milk and chicken broth. Cook and stir until mixture thickens and bubbles, and continue cooking for 1 minute more.nAdd lemon juice, snipped parsley, and onion. Stir in celery salt and a dash each of pepper, paprika, and nutmeg. Cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine sauce with the ground turkey. Chill thoroughly. With wet hands, shape mixture into balls. Roll balls one at a time in bread crumbs.nLightly shape balls into cones. For each croquette, dip it into the mixture of egg and water, then roll in bread crumbs. Again, dip croquette in eggflour and roll in bread crumbs. Fry croquettes in deepfat fryer for approximately 3 minutes or until brown. Drain. Serve with turkey gravy., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons snipped parsley, 2 teaspoons grated onion, 12 teaspoon celery salt, Dash each pepper, paprika, and nutmeg, 4 cups ground, cooked turkey, 34 cup fine bread crumbs, 2 eggs mixed with water, Flour, for dredging], title: Turkey Croquettes, picturelink: null}, 35058: {instructions: Place the picked over crab in a medium size mixing bowl. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, tarragon, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Stir to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTop each slice of cucumber or leaf of Belgian endive with 1 heaping tablespoon of crab salad. Using a 12inch heartshaped aspic cutter, cut out roasted red pepper hearts. Garnish each mound of crab with a red pepper heart., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crab, picked over and shells removed, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped tarragon, 1 small lemon, zested, 1 small lemon, juiced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small English cucumber, ends trimmed and sliced 18thinch thick, 4 to 5 small heads Belgian endive, washed and pulled apart, 2 roasted red peppers, peeled and seeded], title: Crab Meat Canapes, picturelink: null}, 35059: {}, 35060: {instructions: Cut the pound cake into eight 34inchthick slices. Cut a circle from each slice using a 4 or 6ounce ramekin as a guide crumble the scraps. Fit each piece of cake in a ramekin, then fill with the ice cream to about 14 inch from the top. Sprinkle with the cake crumbs. Freeze until the ice cream is hard, at least 1 hour.nCombine the egg whites, sugar and cream of tartar in a bowl and place over a saucepan of simmering water. Whisk over low heat until the sugar is dissolved and the egg whites are warm, about 5 minutes. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and beat the whites with a mixer on high speed until they hold stiff peaks. Transfer the meringue to a pastry bag with a round tip and pipe on top of the ice cream and cake crumbs to completely cover. Make a small indent, about 1 inch deep, in the top of the meringue, for the rum.nBrown the meringue all over including the indentation with a kitchen torch. Place the rum in a small pot over low heat until warm but not boiling. Transfer to a liquid measuring cup and pour into the indentation in each dessert. Light the rum with a match. Let the flame burn out and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 12ounce loaf chocolate pound cake, 1 quart chocolatechip ice cream, slightly softened, 4 large egg whites, 1 cup sugar, Pinch of cream of tartar, 12 cup white rum], title: Baked Vancouvers, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 35061: {instructions: In a large saucepan cook the leeks and the potato in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened and add the broth. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer the mixture, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the potato is very soft. Stir in the peas, the parsley, and the mint, season the soup with salt and pepper to taste, and simmer it for 5 minutes. In a blender or food processor puree the soup until it is smooth and divide it between 4 heated bowls. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 pound leeks, white part only, quartered lengthwise, sliced crosswise and washed well, 2 12 ounce potatoes, peeled, quartered and sliced thin, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 cups chicken broth, 2 cups frozen green peas, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced, plus parsley leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, chopped, or a pinch of dried, crumbled, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Leek, Green Pea and Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 35062: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a medium heavy saucepan or skillet over medium low heat. Saute the rice, stirring constantly, until golden brown and crackling, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and serranos and cook until the onions just soften, then add the garlic and saute until the aroma is released. Pour in the stock or water and tomato salsa, mixing well to combine. Transfer to a 4 quart baking dish or casserole. Cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Stir and serve hot., ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups long grain rice, rinsed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 5 serrano chiles, or to taste, stemmed, seeded if desired, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 34 cup chicken stock, Vegetable Stock see recipe, or water, 3 cups Red Tomato Salsa, see recipe], title: Red Rice, picturelink: null}, 35063: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTop each piece of chicken with 1 teaspoon cream cheese and 14 teaspoon chopped jalapeno. Roll up each fillingcovered chicken piece and wrap with 1 slice of bacon, securing with a toothpick. Transfer to a baking sheet and place in the oven for 20 minutes, flipping halfway through., ingredients: [8 chicken tenders or breast cutlets, flattened and cut in half, Two 3ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 16 slices bacon], title: Warrens Chicken Bites, picturelink: ysce.T.Lax9.iBwqJqUYHIm.e4MaTzK}, 35064: {instructions: Slit open baby bell peppers. Scrape out the seeds. Season the insides with salt and pepper and stuff with a cube of haloumi or feta cheese. Thread an olive and a stuffed pepper onto each skewer toast over a flame until the peppers blister.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: XXPX3uqXO0TQPMPLLQFB5J.AzRhMtM6}, 35065: {instructions: For the lentils: Soak the lentils in cold water for 2 hours. Drain. To the boiling water, add the lentils. Simmer, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, adding more water if necessary For the rice: To the boiling water, add the salt and butter. Stir in the rice. Reduce heat and simmer, covered for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Remove lid and fluff with a fork. In a sautepan, cook onions in olive oil, then add rice and lentils and seasoning and more water if needed. Simmer approximately 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup small lentils French de Puy or black, 1 12 cups boiling water, 2 14 cups boiling water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 cup long grain rice, 1 large onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Egyptian Lentils and Rice Koushry, picturelink: SULxkyQLT6HrHRb60Pa3Wjjw1XSISV.}, 35066: {instructions: Trim the artichokes of tough outer leaves, peel the stems and cut in half. Soak chokes in cool acidulated water. Shell the favas both ways and set aside. Trim the hard ends of the asparagus and cut into 2 inch pieces on the bias. Shell peas and set aside. Cut the fennel bulb in half and slice into fine julienne. Cut the Prosciutto into fine julienne and set aside.nIn a 12 to 14 inch saute pan, heat the olive oil, Prosciutto and fennel over medium heat. Cook 1 minute and add drained artichokes. Cook 10 minutes until starting to soften and add favas, asparagus and peas. Add 12 cup water, cover and simmer 20 minutes. Uncover, add mint, lemon juice, zest and fennel tops. Grill bread and brush with remaining 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil. Sprinkle with scallions and serve over frittedda. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [12 baby artichokes, stems on, 112 pounds fresh fava beans, 1 pound fresh medium asparagus, 1 pound sweet peas, 1 bulb fennel tops removed and set aside, 2 slices Prosciutto, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil plus 2 tablespoons, 12 leaves fresh mint, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, 2 scallions and 4 slices country bread, toasted], title: Frittedda with Scallion Crostini, picturelink: null}, 35067: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine vegetables, olives, and parsley in a large bowl. Rest sliced feta on the top of salad. Combine oil, vinegar, and oregano in a small plastic container with a lid. Shake vigorously to combine oil and vinegar and pour over salad and cheese. Season with salt and pepper and let the salad marinate until ready to serve. Serve salad with pita bread blistered and warmed on a hot griddle or grill pan., ingredients: [3 vine ripe tomatoes, cut into chunks, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 European seedless cucumber, cut into bitesize chunks, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chunked, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and chunked, 1 cubanelle pepper, seeded and chunked, 1 cup Kalamata black olives, Several sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, about 12 cup, 2 14 pound slices imported Greek feta, 14 cup a couple of glugs extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons 3 splashes red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed in palm of your hand, Coarse salt and black pepper, Pita breads], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 35068: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the artichoke hearts in a bowl with 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and toss until the artichoke hearts are coated. Dump the artichoke hearts onto a sheet pan and spread out into 1 layer roast in the oven for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the vinaigrette. Place the minced shallot, lemon juice, mustard, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process for 5 seconds. Add the basil leaves and process into a green puree. With the processor running, slowly pour 12 cup olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube until the ingredients are finely pureed. Set aside.nPlace the roasted artichoke hearts in a bowl and toss with enough vinaigrette to moisten. Add the capers, red peppers, red onion, parsley, 4 tablespoons vinegar and red pepper flakes, if using, and toss gently. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper and let stand for 30 minutes for the flavors to blend. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 boxes 9 ounces each frozen artichoke hearts, defrosted, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, minced, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 5 tablespoons white wine vinegar or champagne vinegar, divided, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 6 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 roasted red peppers, sliced thin, 12 cup minced red onion, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 pinches hot red pepper flakes, optional], title: Roasted Artichoke Salad, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 35069: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with oil and over medium heat, saute the onions until soft. Add the ground lamb and cook until browned, breaking up the chunks with a wooden spoon. Drain well and place in a serving bowl. Stir in the onion powder and black pepper. Allow to cool and then add pineapple, green pepper, tomatoes, cucumber, cilantro and feta cheese. Adjust the seasoning and serve with pita bread or crackers., ingredients: [Oil, 1 medium red onion, diced, 8 ounces lean ground lamb, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 13 teaspoon black pepper, 1 16ounce can pineapple chunks, roughly chopped, 1 cup finely chopped green pepper, 5 large tomatoes, 1 cucumber peeled and diced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 12 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese, 1 package pita bread triangles or chips], title: Lamb Salsa, picturelink: null}, 35070: {instructions: Scrub ham with a vegetable brush to remove any mold. Place in a large pot or in a sink with enough cold water to cover. Let soak 24 hours.nPreheat an electric oven to 350 degrees F.nDrain ham and scrub again with vegetable brush to remove any salt residue. Place ham in a large roasting pan with 5 cups cold water. Cover tightly with parchment paper and aluminum foil. Transfer to oven at 7:00 P.M. and increase temperature to 500 degrees F. Cook for 15 minutes and turn off the heat. At 10:00 P.M. turn heat on to 500 degrees F for 20 minutes, then turn off the heat. Remove the ham from the oven at 7:00 A.M. It is important to never open the oven door after placing the ham in it.nNote: Its important to stress the fact that this must be done in an electric oven and not a gas oven., ingredients: [1 country ham 14 to 17 pounds, 5 cups cold water], title: Country Ham, picturelink: null}, 35071: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the tart dough: Combine the flour, sugar, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl. Add the cold butter and toss to coat. Pinch the butter and flour together until the butter is flaky. Start to rub in between your fingers until it looks like coarse cornmeal.nIn the center of the bowl pour the cream. Using a rubber spatula, turn the flour over in the bowl repeating until the cream is absorbed. With your fingers press the dough to form a compact disc. Remove the dough. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill, about 1 hour.nWorking quickly, roll the dough into a 13inch circle and carefully place it into a greased 10inch tart pan. Gently fold the excess dough against the sides creating a reinforced crust. Press down the dough, trimming if there is extra that extends beyond the pan. Chill for an additional 30 minutes.nPlace kitchen parchment paper over the chilled dough, fill with weights, beans or raw rice are prefect. Bake, 15 to 18 minutes. Reduce the oven temperate to 350 degrees F. Carefully remove the parchment and continue baking until the tart shell is golden brown and fully baked, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside and allow to completely cool.nFor the cardamom crumbles: Begin the cardamom crumbles in a bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, with the sugar and tangerine zest. In the palms of your hands, rub together the sugar and zest to release the tangerine oils. Add the flour, cardamom, cinnamon, ginger and salt and mix at medium speed until small clumps of dough form. Dump onto a sheet pan. Chill until needed. This can be made up to 2 days ahead.nFor the cranberry tart: In the palms of your hands, rub together the sugar and zest in a large bowl. Add the cranberries, candied ginger and brown sugar and toss well. Fill the baked tart shell with the cranberries, top with the cardamom crumbles and bake until golden brown and the cranberries begin to bubble up through the crumble, 45 to 50 minutes.nRemove the tart from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature. I prefer waiting an hour or longer before cutting the tart. This gives the very juicy cranberries time to cool, allowing the tart to set up. Ive even let it sit all night on the counter., ingredients: [1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, very cold and cut into 1inch cubes, 6 tablespoons heavy cream, Butter, for greasing, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons tangerine zest, 1 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 ounces unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 12inch pieces, 34 cup granulated sugar, Zest of 2 tangerines, 6 cups fresh cranberries, washed and dried, 12 cup candied ginger, cut into small pieces, 13 cup dark brown sugar, packed], title: Cranberry Tangerine and Candied Ginger Tart with Cardamom Crumbles, picturelink: null}, 35072: {instructions: Heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan. Saute garlic, onion, celery, and bell pepper until tender. Stir in kidney beans, onion powder, salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Reduce heat to low and let mixture simmer slowly while you cook the rice.nBring the chicken stock to a boil and stir in rice and butter. Return to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 20 minutes without removing the lid. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes.nFold rice and beans gently together and transfer to a serving dish. Serve garnished with cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 large red onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and small diced, 2 1pound cans red kidney beans, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 1 cup white rice, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: MJaqssfxtmjvu8iObdi01hbJYIKdQXG}, 35073: {instructions: Bake bread 10 to 12 minutes in a preheated 325 degree F oven to toast.nGently squeeze liquid from ricotta in paper towels. Combine the ricotta with cream cheese in food processor and add the zest and juice of 1 lemon, thyme, garlic and pepper. Process until smooth and transfer to a serving dish. Serve with toast., ingredients: [12 rounds sliced baguette or 8 larger rounds semolina bread, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup softened cream cheese, 1 lemon, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 1 small clove garlic, grated or minced, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper], title: LemonPepper Ricotta Spread, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 35074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDice up equal quantities of onion and tomato. Roughly chop the cilantro.nNow, slice 1 or 2 jalapenos in half. With a spoon, scrape out the seeds. If you like things spicy, leave in some of the white membranes. Dice the jalapenos very finely you want a hint of heat and jalapeno flavor, but you dont want to cause any fires. Now dump the four ingredients into a bowl.nSlice the lime in half and squeeze the juice from half a lime the bowl. Sprinkle with salt, and stir together until combined. Be sure to taste the pico de gallo and adjust the seasonings, adding salt or more diced jalapeno if needed., ingredients: [3 yellow or red onions, 12 Roma tomatoes slightly under ripe is fine, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 2 to 3 jalapenos, 1 lime, Salt], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: gUOWetjyowgsjXto6zPekVUdB8UsqW}, 35075: {instructions: In a food processor, add the shrimp, pork, soy sauce, sesame oil, cornstarch, salt, pepper, garlic, egg whites, ginger, green onions and lemon juice. Process until partly smooth but not completely pureed it should have a little texture.nHold a wonton wrapper in your hand. Dip a tablespoon measure in cold water and then scoop 1 tablespoon of the filling onto the center of a wrapper dipping the spoon in cold water first will make the filling come off easier. Lightly moisten the edge of the wrapper with some water and fold over to form a half moon. Holding the edge in your hands, crimp and pinch around wrapper to create a fluted edge. Flatten the bottom so that the edge is facing upwards. Repeat for the remaining filling and wrappers.nHeat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the peanut oil. Add the gyoza flatside down to the pan, and cook until toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add 14 cup water. Return the pan to the heat and cover with a lid. Remove the lid and cook until the water evaporates and the gyoza are golden brown and crispy. Serve hot with soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, shelled and deveined, 8 ounces ground pork, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, plus more for dipping, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 egg whites, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, grated, 1 green onion, finely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, One 10ounce package round wonton wrappers, 2 tablespoons peanut oil], title: Pork and Shrimp Gyoza, picturelink: WtSlry8avZoGtSVltfiPlaa7kbAT4u6}, 35076: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease 8 or 9inch round cake or pie pan.nRinse blueberries from mix with cold water and drain.nFor coffee cake combine muffin mix, sour cream, milk, and egg in medium bowl. Stir until servings are moistened. Spread half the batter in pan.nCombine blueberries and preserves in small bowl. Spread half the blueberry mixture on top of the batter. Spread remaining batter over blueberry mixture. Spread remaining blueberry mixture on top, avoiding edges.nBake for 40 to 45 minutes for 8 inch pan 25 to 30 minutes for 9 inch pan or until golden.nFor glaze, place frosting in microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high power for 15 seconds. Stir until smooth. Drizzle over hot coffee cake. Serve warm.ndocument.writeunescape3Cscript src  document.location.protocol  https:  https:sb : http:b  .scorecardresearch.combeacon.jsc13c26035648c34900c4601c5700c6 3E3Cscript3E, ingredients: [1 pkg Duncan Hinesu00ae 100 Whole Grain Wild Maine Blueberry Muffin Mix, 14 cup sour cream, 12 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 14 cup blueberry preserves, 12 cup Duncan Hinesu00ae Creamy HomeStyle Classic Vanilla Frosting], title: Blueberry Sour Cream Coffeecake, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 35077: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 2quart casserole dish with cooking spray.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Turn the heat off and stir in the artichokes, spinach, yogurt, cream cheese, 1 cup of the mozzarella and salt and pepper to taste mix well together. Place the mixture in the prepared casserole dish and evenly top with the Parmesan and remaining 12 cup mozzarella. Bake until browned and bubbly, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Two 8ounce packages frozen artichokes hearts, defrosted, chopped and squeezed dry, One 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry, 1 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 8ounce package 13 lessfat cream cheese, softened and cut into chunks, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups shredded partskim mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lighter Spinach Artichoke Dip, picturelink: null}, 35078: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, stretch or roll out the dough to an 8inch round. Place the dough on a pizza peel that has been dusted with flour or semolina you can also place on a cookie sheet. Lightly brush the surface of the dough with the chili oil. Place on the pizza stone and bake until the bottom begins to turn golden brown, but the pizza is not cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper. Place a nonstick 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot add the olive oil and butter and cook until the butter is melted. Add the egg mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until the eggs are scrambled but still fairly wet, about 4 minutes. The eggs will cook further in the oven so it is important not to overcook them. Remove from the heat and remove from the pan to stop the cooking.nSpread the eggs on the pizza dough, leaving a 12inch border around the edges. Scatter the mozzarella cheese and Fontina cheese evenly over the eggs. Return to the oven and cook just until the cheese melts and is bubbly, about 5 minutes.nRemove the pizza from the oven and transfer to a firm surface. Arrange the smoked salmon slices over the surface of the pizza, covering the whole thing. Garnish with the chopped chives and salmon eggs.n1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for brushingnIn a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14 cup warm water.nIn a food processor, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, the yeast mixture, and the remaining 34 cup of water and process until the mixture forms a ball. The pizza dough can also be made in a mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix on low speed until the mixture comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and starts to climb up the dough hook.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a cool spot for about 2 hours. When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let rest 1 hour. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days.nYield: dough for 4 small pizzasnIn a small saucepan, combine the garlic cloves and olive oil and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat and simmer until the garlic begins to turn brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Do not let the garlic get too brown or the oil will have a bitter taste.nRemove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Add the red pepper flakes and infuse for at least 2 hours to allow the flavors to blend. Refrigerate in a covered container for up to 2 weeks.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [6 ounces Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Chili Garlic Oil, recipe follows, 4 large eggs, 14 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup grated mozzarella, 14 cup grated Fontina, 2 ounces smoked salmon, cut into very thin slices, Chopped chives, for garnish, 2 tablespoons salmon roe, optional, 1 package active dry or fresh yeast, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup warm water, 105 to 115 degrees F, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 whole head garlic about 2 12 ounces, cloves separated and peeled, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes], title: Brunch Pizza with Scrambled Eggs and Smoked Salmon, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 35079: {instructions: With a small ice cream scoop, make walnutsized balls of the chocolate ice cream. Shove a hazelnut into the center of each ball. Freeze. With a larger ice cream scoop, dig out flat globs of vanilla ice cream and pack it around the chocolate ice cream ball, covering completely. Freeze for 30 minutes. Roll in chocolate shavings and keep frozen., ingredients: [1 cup chocolate ice cream, 8 hazelnuts, 2 cups vanilla ice cream, 1 12 cups chocolate shavings], title: Tartuffo, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 35080: {instructions: Place beans in a bowl, cover with water by a few inches, and soak overnight. Heat 14 cup of the oil in a saucepan, add the onions and saute until soft and just golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Add 2 cups of water and bring to a boil. Drain the beans and add them to the saucepan. Cook over low heat until beans are very soft, adding more water if needed, about 1 to 1 12 hours. There should hardly be any liquid left when the beans are ready.nMeanwhile, roast bell peppers over a gas flame or on a tray under the broiler. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. To peel peppers, pull off the charred skin by hand and then dip the peppers briefly in water to remove any blackened bits. Do not peel the peppers under running water since that would wash away the flavorful juices. Once peeled, cut away stems, seeds and veins, and slice peppers into strips.nHeat a grill. In a small bowl, combine the oregano, olive oil, vinegar, and salt and pepper.nCut six 12inch squares of aluminum foil. Divide pepper strips among center of foil squares. Arrange one feta square atop peppers, along with tomato slices, and drizzle reserved olive oil mixture over the top. Wrap foil packets securely and place on grill or under the broiler. Grill until packets are heated through, about 5 minutes.nWhen beans are ready, mash them with the back of a spoon to form a paste, or place in a blender and process until smooth. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season with the lemon juice, sugar, and salt and pepper.nSpoon bean puree onto individual plates, and use a spatula to slip roasted peppers, feta and tomatoes off of foil and onto puree. Drizzle with olive oil, garnish with Kalamata olives, and serve with Retsina., ingredients: [12 pound dried white broad beans, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 onions, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 bell peppers, in assorted colors, such as red, yellow and green, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 6 ounces feta cheese, cut into 6 12inch by 2inch squares, 3 roma tomatoes, sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kalamata olives, for garnish], title: Grilled Feta and Peppers on Puree of White Beans, picturelink: null}, 35081: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nQuarter the avocados and remove the seed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and brush with grapeseed oil. Grill the avocado slices over indirect heat, leaving undisturbed for the first 2 to 4 minutes or so to let the seasonings integrate into the surface and to allow the caramelization process to begin. Then, flip the avocados, remove from grill and let rest.nThrough the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, salt, black pepper, mustard, parsley, and garlic. Leaving the blender running add the olive oil through the feed opening in a slow thin stream.nServe the grilled avocado with enough of the dressing to coat and garnish with fresh parsley sprigs., ingredients: [6 firm avocados, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, plus a few small sprigs for garnish, 3 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered, 34 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Avocados, picturelink: null}, 35082: {instructions: In a large microwavesafe bowl, microwave the tortilla chips for 1 minute on high. Mix the brown sugar with the cinnamon in a small bowl. Sprinkle the warm tortilla chips with the cinnamon sugar and toss to coat. Lay out the chips on a flat serving plate or baking sheet.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, microwave the speculoos until slightly thinned, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour it over the tortilla chips, then sprinkle with the sliced strawberries., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted tortilla chips, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 cup speculoos cookie butterspread you can also use dulce de leche or caramel sauce as well, 1 pint strawberries, sliced], title: Dessert Nachos, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 35083: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nIn a small gratin or other shallow flameproof baking dish arrange fruit in 1 layer. In a small bowl stir together sour cream, ginger, and vanilla and drop in dollops on top of fruit, spreading to cover fruit completely. Rub brown sugar through a sieve evenly over topping and broil about 3 inches from heat 2 minutes, or until brown sugar is melted., ingredients: [4 cups pickedover mixed fruit such as blueberries, raspberries, halved strawberries, and seedless grapes, 1 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons firmly packed light brown sugar], title: Berry and Ginger Sour Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 35084: {instructions: Form the meat into burger patties and season each with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet nonreactive and with grill ridges preferred over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and heat for a moment before adding the burgers. Char the burgers on the grill ridges and flip to cook the other side. Cook the burgers to desired doneness, remove and keep warm. Add the shallots to the pan along with the remaining olive oil and cook the shallot for 2 minutes untill they begin to crisp but do not burn them. Add the peppercorns and saute for 1 minute. Add the red wine and reduce quickly by half. Place the burgers on several pieces of baguette, swirl the butter into the red wine sauce and pour sauce over the burgers. Serve with a green salad and roasted new potatoes., ingredients: [1 pound ground top round, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large shallots, peeled, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons green peppercorns, drained and crushed, 12 cup dry red wine, preferably a syrah or zinfandel, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 slices of french baguette bread, toasted in a warm oven], title: Skillet Charred Burger, Green Peppercorns and Shallots, picturelink: null}, 35085: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 24count nonstick mini muffin tinnFor Bacon Cups:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCarefully place a slice of pancetta in one of the cups of the muffin tin making sure to gently press it into the cup like pie dough in a pie shell. Repeat with remaining slices of pancetta. Carefully place the second muffin tin on top of the first so that the pancetta is sandwiched in between the 2 tins. Flip the muffin tins upside down and place onto a sheet tray and bake in oven for 12 minutes. Remove from oven and carefully remove the top muffin tin. Let the cups cool slightly before removing to another baking sheet lined with paper towels.nFor Hash:nIn a large skillet over medium heat brown the bacon. Remove the bacon from the skillet and place on a plate lined with a paper towel. In the skillet with the bacon fat, add potatoes, celery, onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, paprika and season with salt and pepper. Saute over medium heat, stirring frequently, until potatoes are tender about 12 minutes. Crumble in cooked bacon and stir to combine.nFor Assembly:nFill each bacon cup with a tablespoon of the hash and garnish with a parsley leaf., ingredients: [24 slices pancetta, sliced 116inch thick, 4 strips bacon, 1 large sweet potato, small diced, 4 stalks celery, diced, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 24 fresh parsley leaves], title: Bacon Cups with Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: 1NVELQQ5p19eGFgdDG8VtGNx0IxVOdG}, 35086: {instructions: Pick the crabmeat over to remove excess shells and cartilage. Combine the mayonnaise, crab boil, parsley, mustard, and water and mix until smooth. Add the mayonnaise mixture to the crabmeat and mix, being careful not to break up the lumps of crabmeat.nWith your hands, break up the saltines into crumbs and mix into the crab mixture. Form into patties and panfry or broil the cakes until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons crab boil seasoning, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon water, 4 salted crackers], title: Old Ebbitt Grill Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 35087: {instructions: Clean the soft shell crabs by cutting away the eyes and mouth. Lift up the top side flaps and pull out the feathery gills. Turn the crab over and fold back the tail flap, also called the apron, and pull away from the body and discard. Place crabs in a shallow dish and add enough milk to cover. Soak crabs in milk for 10 to 15 minutes hour. Slice ham into julienne. Heat pan over high heat with oil. Season flour. Dip crabs in flour, and shake off excess. Saute crabs in hot pan on both sides. Transfer crabs onto baking sheet and place in oven to keep warm.nPour off fat from skillet. Add 1 tablespoon butter to pan. Add shallots and garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Add julienne strips to skillet and saute for 1 minute. Add tomatoes and white wine and reduce. Whisk in butter and chives, salt and pepper, to taste. Serve sauce over crabs., ingredients: [8 small softshell crabs, 1 quart whole milk, 14 pound country ham, 2 cups flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 stick butter, cubed, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, snipped], title: Crispy Soft Shell Crabs with Country Ham Butter, picturelink: null}, 35088: {instructions: Heat a medium pot over medium heat with extravirgin olive oil. Add rice and toast for 1 to 2 minutes. Add 3 cups chicken stock and the bay, lemon zest, turmeric, coriander, cumin and cardamom. Cover pot and bring rice to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer rice 18 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork, remove bay leaf and add butter. Toss to coat the rice evenly.nWhile rice cooks, make the vegetables. Heat a deep nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Add onion, garlic, eggplant and bell pepper. Cover and cook stirring occasionally 7 to 8 minutes until tender. Uncover and add the tomatoes, chick peas, salt, pepper, curry paste and remaining 1 cup chicken stock. Simmer 6 to 7 minutes longer. Mix scallions into rice and top with vegetables. Garnish with cashews., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 12 cups basmati rice, 4 cups chicken stock, divided, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 1 lemon, zested, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, optional, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium eggplant, peeled and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 14ounce can fire roasted diced tomatoes, drained, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, Salt and pepper, 2 rounded tablespoons mild or hot curry paste, 2 scallions, chopped, 14 cup chopped roasted cashews], title: Lemon Rice and EggplantChick Pea Curry, picturelink: epaqENBHVqvhqW7Msq6uToY9p6Sz7kq}, 35089: {instructions: Combine oil, garlic and onions in a medium sauce pot. Sweat until translucent. Add bulgar, stir to coat with oil. Pour water over bulgar, making sure that bulgar is covered by about 34inch of water. Cover and allow to boil. Remove from heat allow it to continue to steam for 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper cool. Combine desired garnishes with bulgar. Season with oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 white onion, minced, 2 cups cracked toasted bulgar wheat, 1 quart water, Salt and pepper, 14 cup red pepper, 14 cup yellow pepper, 14 cup red onion, 14 cup green apple, 14 cup celery, 14 cup cucumber, 14 cup mint, julienne, 1 cup parsley, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Tabbouleh, picturelink: null}, 35090: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or large nonstick skilletnSaute onions in a small pan over moderate heat for 3 to 5 minutes until tender. Combine meat with Worcestershire sauce, Sauteed onion and steak seasoning blend or salt and pepper. Form 4 large patties. Drizzle patties with a touch of extravirgin olive oil. Quick toast your split rolls, then add burgers to grill pan or skillet. Grill or panfry burgers 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium well doneness.nHeat a small to medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add a little oil and mushrooms. Season mushrooms with a little salt and pepper and saute until just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.nPile mushrooms on top of burgers just before you are ready to take them off the grill or out of the pan. Fold each Swiss cheese slice in half and rest on top of mushrooms. Place a loose tin foil tent over the burgers and turn heat off under pan or grill. Allow the cheese to begin to melt down over mushroom and burgers, about 2 to 3 minutes.nCombine balsamic, mayonnaise and coarse cracked black pepper in a small dish.nTo assemble, place burgers with mushrooms and Swiss cheese on bun bottom. Slather tops of buns with Balsamic black pepper mayonnaise and baby spinach. Set burger tops in place and serve with sliced vine ripe tomatoes, drizzled with oil, seasoned with salt and pepper and garnished with scallions. Pile onion rings and a dollop of dipping sauce along side. For drinks, try black and white frozen shakes  yum, ingredients: [14 cup chopped onion, 1 13 pounds ground sirloin, 90 percent lean, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball the amount, Steak Seasoning Blend or, coarse salt and pepper, preferred brand McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling plus 1 tablespoon, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream, 4 crusty rolls, split, 4 portobello mushrooms, thinly sliced, Coarse salt and pepper, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons aged Balsamic vinegar, eyeball the amount, 12 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, Coarse black pepper, 14 pound baby spinach, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, sliced, 2 scallions, chopped, 4 romaine leaves, optional], title: Sirloin Burgers with Balsamic Mayo, Mushrooms and Swiss, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 35091: {instructions: Preheat the grill on high heat.nPlace the pineapple rings in a shallow baking dish and cover with brown sugar and rum u2013 gently stir sugar and rum coating each side of the pineapple rings with mixture. Place rings on grill u2013 basting each ring with marinade until each ring has grill marks. To prepare the cherry topping, using a small nonstick saute pan let pan heat up, and put in the cherry pie filling. Then, carefully add the brandy brandy will ignite when is shaken reduce heat to simmer, cooking cherry mixture about 5 minutes. To plate, place 4 rings on top of each other on center of plate u2013 stick reserved pineapple stem in center going through rings, top with warm cherry mixture and shaved white chocolate., ingredients: [1 mediumsize ripe pineapple, cored and sliced into 1inch rings, retain stem for garnish, 4 ounces dark rum, 2 ounces dark brown sugar, 4 ounces cherry pie filling, 2 ounces brandy or cognac, 1 ounce shaved white chocolate], title: Rum Marinated Grilled Pineapple with Brandied Cherries, picturelink: null}, 35092: {instructions: Vigorously whisk together yolk, 1 tablespoon sugar, flour, and a pinch of salt until well blended. Heat milk and 3 tablespoons cream in a small heavy saucepan until hot but not boiling. Add about 13 of hot milk to yolk mixture in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Add remaining milk, whisking, then transfer to saucepan. Bring to a simmer, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 1 minute.nRemove from heat and add chocolate, rum, to taste, and espresso powder, if using. Let stand until chocolate is melted, about 30 seconds, then whisk until smooth. Transfer to a glass and chill, covered, at least 30 minutes to cool quickly to room temperature.nJust before serving, vigorously whisk remaining 3 tablespoons cream with remaining 12 teaspoon sugar in a small bowl until it holds soft peaks. Top pudding with whipped cream.nCooks note: Pudding can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 13 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons chilled heavy cream, 1 12 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, chopped fine, 1 to 2 teaspoons dark rum, 14 teaspoon instantespresso powder, optional], title: Chocolate Rum Pudding, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 35093: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan or skillet over a mediumhigh flame. Brush both sides of each pita with olive oil. Heat 1 pita at a time in the grill pan or skillet, for about 2 minutes on each side, until it is nicely marked. Cut each pita into 6 wedges. Sprinkle with salt, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [2 wholewheat pita breads, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, Salt], title: Grilled Pita Triangles, picturelink: null}, 35094: {instructions: Lay rings on sheet tray lined with foil. Top the fruit with a sprinkling of vanilla sugar and a small butter dollop. Broil until sugar melts and top with freshly ground pepper.nIn food processor, grind vanilla bean with sugar until finely ground., ingredients: [8 rings fresh pineapple, 4 tablespoons vanilla sugar, recipe follows, 4 tablespoon butter, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean], title: Broiled Pineapple Rings, picturelink: null}, 35095: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: blendernIn a medium bowl combine the soy sauce, sesame oil, mirin, sugar and 2 tablespoons of the minced garlic. Add the sliced beef and toss to make sure all the beef is coated in the marinade. Cover and marinate in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the canola oil in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until softened and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining 2 cloves chopped garlic and continue to saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the miso paste and cook another 2 minutes. Add the beef broth, 3 tablespoons of the butter, cayenne and lime juice. Stir until combined and bring to a gentle bubble, 2 to 3 minutes. Place the liquid in a blender and blend to emulsify.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nRemove the beef from the marinade and place on a papertowellined plate. Pat dry. Heat 3 tablespoons of the canola in large saute pan set over high heat. Sear the beef until browned and the edges are caramelized, 3 to 4 minutes. Reserve on a plate.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons canola oil in a large saute pan set over medium heat. Add the kale and saute until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the snow peas and scallions and saute for 3 to 4 minutes.nWhile the vegetables cook, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente, about 5 minutes. Drain the pasta and reserve the cooking water. Pour the pasta into the pan with the vegetables. Add the sauce from the blender and the remaining 3 tablespoons butter, plus 12 cup of the pasta water. Flip and stir the pasta over medium heat until the liquid thickens enough to coat the pasta and vegetables, 2 minutes. Transfer the pasta to serving bowls and serve with a few pieces of beef arranged alongside the pasta., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, plus 2 cloves chopped, 2 pounds flank steak, cut into thin, bitesize pieces, 9 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 tablespoons miso paste, 1 cup beef broth, 6 tablespoons butter, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt, 2 bunches kale, stems removed and chopped, 2 cups snow peas, chopped, 1 bunch scallion, sliced, 1 12 pounds pappardelle], title: Korea TownAdjacent Pasta, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 35096: {instructions: Immerse the sauerkraut in a large bowl filled with cold water, and soak for 15 minutes.nWhile sauerkraut is soaking, place the chopped bacon and the optional bacon rind in a heavy, oven proof pot over high heat. Saute for 1 minute. Turn heat to mediumlow, add the garlic and saute for another minute.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees.nSqueeze the sauerkraut dry, reserving 1 cup of the soaking water and add the sauerkraut to the pot. Stir well to blend with bacon. Add the reserved cup of soaking water, the white wine, the juniper berries, the peppercorns and the cloves. Bring to boil on top of stove and boil until the liquid has almost evaporated about 2030 minutes.nImbed the meats in the sauerkraut, cover the pot and cook in the oven until the meats are hot, about 30 minutes. Serve on a large platter., ingredients: [5 pounds fresh sauerkraut, 13 cup chopped bacon, 4 squares of bacon rind, 1 12inches each optional, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 bottle dry white wine, 2 tablespoons juniper berries, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 4 cloves, 12 ounce chunk of unsmoked bacon, 4 each of 4 different sausages frankfurter, bratwurst, knockwurst, etc., 1 smoked veal tongue], title: Choucroute Garni, picturelink: null}, 35097: {instructions: Place grated chocolate in bowl. Pour 13 of whipping cream in a small pan and cook on low heat almost to a boil. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and cinnamon and blend gently and well. Set aside.nIn an electric mixer, add the remaining whipping cream until firm consistency. Incorporate the chocolate mixture using a wooden spoon. Add cocoa blend gently and well. Refrigerate the mousse for several hours., ingredients: [8 ounces dark chocolate, grated or crushed, 1 cup whipping cream, 12 teaspoon powdered cinnamon, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Chocolate and Cinnamon Mousse, picturelink: null}, 35098: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Beat butter and powdered sugar in mixer until light and fluffy, about 1015 minutes. Add vanilla, salt and pecans. Remove from mixer and stir in pastry flour by hand being careful not to over mix. Form into football shapes about the size of small walnuts and place on a buttered cookie sheet. Bake 1012 minutes or until just beginning to get the slightest bit colored on the bottom. Remove upon the first sign of color and set on a rack to cool. When cool enough to touch place in a bowl with powdered sugar on top and bottom and toss gently. Occasionally toss with sugar while cooling, trying to get as much sugar as possible to stick. When cold, place cookies in airtight container and cover until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound soft unsalted butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups finely chopped pecans, 5 cups sifted pastry flour, Powdered sugar for dusting], title: Mexican Wedding Cookies, picturelink: null}, 35099: {instructions: Position 2 racks in the center of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl.nBeat the butter and both sugars on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld mixer until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs, one at time, beating after each addition to incorporate. Beat in the vanilla. Scrape down the side of the bowl as needed. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.nScoop 12 heaping tablespoons of dough about 2 inches apart onto each prepared baking sheet. Roll the dough into balls with slightly wet hands. Bake, rotating the cookie sheets from upper to lower racks halfway through, until golden but still soft in the center, 12 to 15 minutes the longer the cook time, the crunchier the cookies. Let cool for a few minutes on the baking sheet, and then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nLet the baking sheets cool completely, scoop the remaining dough onto 1 sheet and bake. Store the cookies in a tightly sealed container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips], title: Simple Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}}