{35100: {instructions: Make the dip: Puree the dressing, cucumber, horseradish, milk, vinegar, wasabi powder, cayenne pepper, and salt to taste in a blender until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPrepare the beans: Fill a large bowl with ice water. Bring the broth to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Add the green beans and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove the beans with a slotted spoon and transfer to the ice water to stop the cooking. Let cool in the water, then drain and pat dry.nWhisk the egg and milk in a shallow bowl. Put 12 cup flour in another shallow bowl. Combine the breadcrumbs, the remaining 12 cup flour, the onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne, and salt and pepper to taste in another bowl.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss the green beans in the flour and shake off the excess. One at a time, dip the beans in the egg mixture, dredge in the breadcrumb mixture and lay on the prepared baking sheet. Freeze until the coating is set, about 30 minutes.nHeat 3 inches oil in a deep pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the green beans in batches until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the beans with tongs or a skimmer to a rack or paper towels to drain. Serve with the dip.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [12 cup ranch dressing, 12 cup peeled, seeded,chopped cucumber, 1 tablespoon horseradish, drained, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 2 teaspoons wasabi powder found in the spice aisle or with the Asian foods, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 pound green beans, trimmed, 1 large egg, 12 cup milk, 1 cup instant flour such as Wondra, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 14 teaspoon onion powder teaspoon garlic powder, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosh er salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying], title: AlmostFamous Green Bean Fries, picturelink: ByH9de1BqF3gywRo58dhhNfCXnqKKcm}, 35101: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hummus: In a food processor, combine the peppers, tahini, lemon juice, cumin, salt, cayenne pepper if using, beans and garlic. Blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed. Season with salt if needed. Transfer the hummus to a small bowl.nRun the tines of a fork down the length of each cucumber several times, turning to make ridges about 18inch deep in the skin all the way around. Cut cucumbers crosswise into 1inch rounds, for a total of at least 12. Using the smaller end of a melon baller or a round measuring spoon, scoop out the center of each cucumber round to form a hollow. Use a small spoon to fill each cup with hummus, mounding slightly over the top. Tuck a small fresh parsley, cilantro or mint leaf into the side of the filling as a garnish.nArrange the cups on a platter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup diced jarred roasted red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon tahini sesame seed paste, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice from 12 small lemon, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra to season, Pinch cayenne pepper, optional, One 15ounce can cannellini beans white kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 large clove garlic, peeled, 2 hothouse cucumbers, ends trimmed, Fresh parsley, cilantro or mint leaves], title: Roasted Red Pepper Hummus in Cucumber Cups, picturelink: 7GpvKxUlnnbin8WEmMudRZn4hphQG}, 35102: {instructions: Measure out all grains using a scale. Run the grain through a mill to crack the husk and release the starch a supplier can do this. In a 6 to 10 gallon boiling pot, with screen in bottom, also known as a false bottom, add the gypsum to 2 12 gallons of water preheated to 168 degrees F. Pour crushed grains and wheat into the water and stir until mixed thoroughly. Cover the pot and let stand for about one hour periodically checking the to be sure it stays between 146 to 152 degrees F.nHave available another 6 to 10 gallon pot of water heated to 180 to 190 degrees F also on the stove, about 7 gallons worth.nRemove grain pots cover, sparging [spraying], and gently sprinkle the hot water over the grain mixture until you get 2 to 3 inches of water on top of the mixture. Then attach a flexible tube to the outflow of the grain pot masher and turn the spigot on. This opens a valve that allows drainage of the sweet liquid wort from the bottom. Keep a steady stream of hot water sprinkling over the mixture while allowing a third pot to be filled with the drainage this takes about 20 minutes.nOnce you have collected about 6 12 gallons close the spigot and stop the sprinkling then place this pot on the stove. Bring to a boil this takes about 25 to 30 minutes. Once brought to a boiling, start a timer, add the molasses, and boil for a total of 15 minutes without any hops.nAt 15 minutes add 23 ounce of Cascade hops for bittering, continue to boil. After an additional 30 minutes add 1 ounce Fuggles hops for flavor, continue to boil. After an additional 15 minutes add 12 ounce Cascade, 13 ounce Fuggles and 13 ounce Kent Goldings hops also for flavor, continue to boil. Also add copper chilling coil to the boil at this time to sterilize it standard home brewing equipment. After an additional 15 minutes add 12 ounce of Kent Goldings and 13 ounce of Fuggles hops for aroma, and stir for a few seconds then switch off the heat.nRemove the pot containing the wort to the sink, attach a plastic tube to the faucet and another to the outflow of the copper coil, and run cold water through the coil immersed in the wort. This will cool down the wort in about 20 minutes to fermentation temperature, approximately 75 degrees F. You could chill the wort by placing it in an ice bath but this would take much longer.nNext, the wort is transferred into a sterilized fermenter. Shake the container to add air to the wort. Finally, the yeast is added to the fermenter, and an airlock is attached., ingredients: [8 pounds American II Row pale malt, 14 pound 120L crystal malt, 14 pound 60L crystal malt, 12 pound chocolate malt, 12 pound Black Patent malt, 12 pound Cara Pils malt, 12 pound toasted II Row Pale malt, 12 pound flaked wheat, 2 teaspoons gypsum, 4 ounces blackstrap molasses, 1 13 ounces Cascade hops, divided, 1 23 ounces Fuggles hops, divided, 13 plus 12 ounce Kent Goldings hops, 1 2 34 ounces American ale yeast liquid], title: Blackstrap Porter, picturelink: null}, 35103: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot 34 of the way with water and add 1 teaspoon of salt and the Brussels sprouts. Put the pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Let boil until the Brussels sprouts are just fork tender about, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain the sprouts and transfer to an ice bath. Let cool completely, then drain and set aside.nCut the Brussels sprouts into 14inch lengthwise slices and set aside. Add the bacon to a medium saute pan, and cook until just crisp, then remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Adjust heat to mediumhigh, add the onions to the pan and saute until they are translucent and just beginning to caramelize, about 5 or 6 minutes. Add the butter to the pan, then add the Brussels sprouts and saute for 3 to 4 more minutes. Season with the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and sprinkle with the reserved bacon and the cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 teaspoons salt, 34 pound Brussels sprouts, ends trimmed, loose leaves removed, 12 pound bacon, thinly cut into 14inch pieces, 1 12 cups diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: My Brother Brussels, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 35104: {instructions: For the Pineapple: Peel the pineapple and leave whole. In a saute pan, melt the butter and add the brown sugar and vanilla beans. Cook to caramelize the sugar then place the pineapple in and cook on all sides until brown. Add some water to the pan and continue cooking, turning the pineapple with tongs and basting occasionally until cooked through to the core. It may take 1 hour or more. Chill, then slice thin on an electric slicer set on 12 or slice thinly by hand.nFor the Coconut Cilantro Dressing: Whisk the ingredients together and chill.nFor the Macadamia Nut Brittle: In a saucepan, boil the sugar and water together to make a caramel. Test the color of the caramel on a white plateyoure looking for a topaz color. Turn off the heat and stir in the butter with a wooden spoon then stir in the nuts. Pour onto a silicone baking mat and let cool. Chop and keep in an airtight container.nFor the Crystallized Cilantro Leaves: Place egg white in a small bowl and whisk it slightly to break it up a bit. Dip the individual leaves in the egg white and wipe them off on the edge of the bowl to remove any excess. Dip into granulated sugar on both sides. Let dry.nFor the Coconut Butter Cookies: In a mixer with a paddle attachment, whip the butter until very light and fluffy, warming the bottom of the bowl with a torch if needed. Add the sugar and continue whipping then add the rum and vanilla and mix. Toss together the coconut, flour, and salt then add to the butter mixture and mix until blended.nButter a small sheet pan and line it with plastic all the way up the sides. Spread the dough evenly into the pan, cover it with plastic and freeze. Cut into 2inch strips and roll in flour. Wrap and freeze or cut into 18inch bars and place on parchment lined sheet pan. Bake in a preheated 250 degree F. oven until crisp but barely any color, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nTo make the Coconut Strips: Heat a whole coconut over a gas flame to slightly char all sides. Wrap it in a tea towel and whack it on the floor to break it open. Carefully pry the meat from the shell in as whole pieces as possible. With a vegetable peeler, peel off thin strips of the fresh coconut meat to end up with curves of fresh coconut. Store in simple syrup, chilled to cover.nTo serve the dish: Place 5 to 7 slices of pineapple on a plate in a flower pattern, with 1 in the center, surrounded by the others. Brush the surface of all the slices with the coconut cilantro dressing. Cover the plate with plastic wrap and warm it in the microwave oven for about 1 minute. Remove the plastic wrap and sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper and macadamia nut brittle.nPlace a quenelle of lime sherbet in the middle and drape coconut shavings in an X over the sherbet. Place 2 crystallized cilantro leaves on top. Serve with a side of coconut shortbread cookies using colorful origami paper under the cookies and stacking them in a crisscross tower, like bruscetta with the carpaccio., ingredients: [1 pineapple, 1 14 cups butter, 1 34 cups organic light brown muscavado sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves. Cool, 14 cup coconut milk, 12 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated, 1 12 teaspoon cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup macadamia nuts, toasted, cooled, and chopped, 1 egg white, 14 cup sugar, 12 cilantro leaves, 1 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups fine coconut, toasted, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 coconut, Simple syrup, as needed, Fresh ground black pepper, 1 pint lime sherbet], title: Roasted Pineapple Carpaccio, picturelink: null}, 35105: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the squash, bacon, sage and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, turning once, until the squash is tender and the bacon is crisp, 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, fill a small bowl with ice water. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Hold the whole chives together with tongs and dip in the boiling water 30 seconds. Remove and dip in the ice water to cool, then remove and drain on paper towels.nWhisk the chopped chives, vinegar, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the squashbacon mixture, the turkey, pear and kale toss. Season with salt and pepper.nWarm the tortillas in a dry skillet over medium heat, 30 seconds per side. Spoon onequarter of the turkeysquash mixture down the center of each wrap. Top evenly with the gorgonzola and nuts. Roll each into a cone shape and tie closed with a whole chive.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [1 medium acorn or delicata squash unpeeled, cubed, 6 ounces applewoodsmoked bacon in one piece, cubed, 6 leaves sage, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 whole chives, plus 2 tablespoons chopped, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 pound mapleglazed roasted turkey breast, sliced 12 inch thick, cubed, 1 Bosc pear, diced, 2 cups kale salad mix or torn kale leaves, 4 10inch wholewheat tortillas, 4 ounces gorgonzola or other blue cheese, crumbled, 14 cup chopped walnuts or hazelnuts optional], title: Autumn Wrapsody, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 35106: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and chill well. Serve over ice., ingredients: [4 oz. vodka, 4 oz. Canton ginger liquor See Cooks Note, 4 oz. sake, 12 oz. passion fruit, 4 oz. fresh lime juice], title: Canton Ginger Passion Punch, picturelink: null}, 35107: {instructions: Make this spicy Korean condiment, then turn it into fried rice or serve it with your steak: Pulse 3 chopped red jalapenos, 4 garlic cloves, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 2 tablespoons each fish sauce and salt in a food processor. Cut 12 head napa cabbage and 6 scallions into 2inch pieces toss with the jalapeno paste. Refrigerate at least 4 hours.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Kimchi, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 35108: {instructions: Crack the eggs into a bowl. Whisk with a fork and add a pinch of salt.nHeat some oil in a frying pan not one with a heavy base as this will prove to be a hindrance when preparing to do the flip.nAdd the potato and fry for a couple of minutes. Add the onion and mash together.nWhen the potato starts to brown a little on the edges and is mashed up with the onion in a lumpy fashion then add the eggs. Make sure the potato and onions are fully submerged by the eggs. Poke the potato to allow some of the egg to seep into the mashed mixture.nFry this gently on a low heat. While cooking shake the pan to loosen the tortilla from the base and tidy the edges up with a wooden spoon. Do not over cook. The middle is meant to remain runny and gooey.nThe egg will start setting, as this happens place a plate over the pan, a large enough plate to cover the pan substantially, and with a quick coordinated movement of both wrists flip the tortilla over onto the plate and slide back into the pan to cook the underside.nKeep shaking the pan lightly so the tortilla does not stick to the bottom.nOnce it feels firm on the edges and soft in the middle after about 1 minute then slide the tortilla back onto the plate. For the brave heart you can do the flip again if you wish.nLet the tortilla rest for about 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Cut into cake slices or cubes. Garnish with green olives., ingredients: [3 large eggs, Salt, to taste, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped, Green olives, for garnish], title: Tortilla Espanola: Spanish Omelette, picturelink: null}, 35109: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Into a large bowl sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Cut butter into bits and with your fingertips or a pastry blender blend butter into flour mixture until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add milk and heavy cream, stirring with a wooden spoon until just combined mixture will be wet.nTransfer dough to a wellfloured surface and with floured hands turn dough to coat evenly. Knead dough gently 4 to 6 times, or just until smooth do not overwork dough. Pat or roll out dough into an 8inch round slightly more than 12inch thick.nUsing a floured 2 to 2 12inch starshaped or round cutter cut out biscuits and arrange about 1inch apart on baking sheets. Gently pat out or roll out dough scraps and cut out more biscuits in same manner.nBake biscuits, 1 sheet at a time, in middle of oven until pale golden and cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer biscuits as baked to a basket lined with a cloth and cover with cloth to keep warm and moist.nServe biscuits with butter., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour not selfrising or allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 stick 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 13 cup whole milk, 23 cup heavy cream, Accompaniment: butter], title: Baking Powder Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 35110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the cottage cheese, ricotta cheese, 12 cup mozzarella and parsley in a bowl and stir with a fork to incorporate and set aside. Cook pasta until tender but still firm, a minute or 2 less than the package directs. Drain.nHeat the oil in the same pot over medium heat. Add the onion and cook stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the tomatoes, tomato sauce, oregano, rosemary, chili flakes, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes until sauce thickens slightly. Return pasta to pot with sauce and turn off heat. Add cottage cheese mixture.nSpray a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish with cooking spray then transfer pasta mixture to pan. Top with remaining 34 cup mozzarella and the parmesan. Bake until heated through and cheese is melted, 30 minutes.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Calcium, Iron, Phosphorus, PotassiumnGood source of: Riboflavin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, Copper, Manganese, Selenium, Zinc, ingredients: [1 pound wholewheat penne, 1 12 cups smallcurd lowfat cottage cheese, 1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 1 14 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, divided, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 15ounce can lowsodium crushed tomatoes, 1 8ounce can lowsodium tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup grated Parmesan 34 ounces], title: Four Cheese Baked Penne, picturelink: cvwKk9G8s2TtTXdqyld..vNm0TIwq}, 35111: {instructions: Cook the pasta, and then drain and let cool. Stir in the green beans, oil and mozzarella and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the lemon zest on top, mix well and serve., ingredients: [1 pound rigatoni or penne pasta, 1 pound green beans, tips removed, steamed and chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large balls buffalo mozzarella cheese, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Cold Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 35112: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and pat off the excess. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the chicken skinside down and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the skillet and reserve. Discard the oil and wipe the pan out with a paper towel. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and heat over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and cook until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the lemon zest, garlic, and rosemary, and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the honey, lemon juice, and broth, increase the heat and bring to a simmer. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the onions to a 9 by 13inch ovenproof casserole, and spread them out. Arrange the chicken, skinside up in a single layer on the onions. Pour the cooking liquid over the chicken. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Bake in the oven, basting every 15 minutes, until cooked through, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, GP. All rights reserved, ingredients: [One 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dredging, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, Peel of half a lemon, white pith removed, cut into very thin strips, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or canned lowsodium], title: Baked Lemon Chicken, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 35113: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the griddle to medium.nWhisk together the eggs, milk or cream, the cheese, the nutmeg and salt and pepper, to taste, in a shallow dish.nIn a medium bowl add the pork, sage, onion, garlic, fennel, cloves, lots of black pepper and salt, to taste, and mix to combine. Divide the mixture into 4 pieces and form each piece into 2 small patties, about 2 12inches wide. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add the patties and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Turn off the heat and keep warm in the pan.nWipe the hot griddle with butter nested in a paper towel. Soak the bread, a few slices at a time, in the milk mixture, shaking off the excess. Add the bread to the griddle and cook until toasted, crispy and golden, about 3 minutes on each side. Cook in batches, if necessary.nWhile the bread toasts, combine the strawberries, basil and sugar in a medium bowl.nHalve the toast from corner to corner. Serve the toast on individual plates layered with sausage patties, a liberal drizzle of honey and the berries with basil., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 23 cup whole milk or cream, 12 to 23 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 2 14 teaspoons ground sage or rubbed sage, half a palmful, 2 14 teaspoons granulated onion, 1 12 teaspoons granulated garlic, half a palmful, 2 14 teaspoons fennel seed, half a palmful, 3 pinches ground cloves or allspice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 slices thick cut good quality white bread, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups halved or sliced strawberries, 12 cup thinly sliced or torn fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon sugar, Good quality honey of your favorite variety, for liberal drizzling], title: Savory French Toast with Homemade Sausage Patties and Warm Honey, Strawberries and Basil, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 35114: {instructions: 1. Heat 14 cup of the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the mushrooms and do not move them until they begin to brown, about 1 minute. Then saute until brown all over, about 5 minutes. Add another tablespoon olive oil if the pan is too dry. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.n2. Add the garlic and cook quickly until light brown. Add the thyme, fennel seeds, and stock and bring to a boil. Add the greens, season with salt and pepper, and simmer until tender, about 8 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 12 minutes. Drain, refresh quickly under cool running water, and toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil.n4. Stir the butter into the greens and add the pasta and parsley. Toss to heat through and add half of the Parmesan. Toss well again and pour onto a heated serving platter. Dust with the other half of Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [10 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus a little more as necessary, divided, 6 cups roughly chopped fresh mushrooms such as shiitake or morel, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 4 cups doublestrength chicken broth or 4 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth boiled until reduced by half, 6 cups packed roughly chopped mustard greens, green chard, or spinach, 1 12 pound dried fettuccine, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, About 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Fettuccine with Mustard Greens and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 35115: {instructions: In a heavybottomed sauce pan, stir the sugar and corn syrup together until the sugar is completely moistened. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat and cook, without stirring, until it turns a very light caramel color, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and very slowly pour the cream into the hot sugar be carefulit will bubble up and stir to combine. Return the mixture to mediumlow heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer inserted in the pot reads 238 degrees F, about 12 to 15 minutes.nRemove from the heat and whisk in the chocolate and butter until smooth. Pour the mixture into a greased 8by8 inch square baking dish. Allow to cool completely at least 2 hours before cutting into 1inch squares.nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes.nFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make at Home, by Jacques Torres., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Soft Chocolate Caramels, picturelink: null}, 35116: {instructions: Make the dough: Blend the flour, sugar, and lemon zest at low speed in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the butter and continue blending at low speed until the mixture is coarse and sandylooking. Add the beaten egg and blend just until the mixture comes together. Form into a ball, wrap with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nOn a floured surface, roll the dough out to a rough circle, about 8 inches in diameter. The dough may seem crumbly but you can just push it back together and make patches if necessary. Transfer to the prepared pan. All around the circle, fold in the outer 12inch of the pastry to form a naturally raised, rustic edge to the tart. Dont press the edge down.nUsing your fingers, break the goat cheese into small pieces, sprinkling it over the bottom of the tart not the edges. Arrange the fig halves in concentric circles over the goat cheese and drizzle the figs with honey. Bake about 25 to 30 minutes, or until the underside of the tart crust is browned., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 12 lemon, zest freshly grated, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 egg, beaten, 4 ounces mild, fresh goat cheese no rind, 10 ripe fresh figs black or green, stems snipped off with a scissors, figs cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Lemon Crostata with Fresh Figs and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 35117: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFill a large pot with salted water and bring to a boil. Add pasta to water and cook for 8 minutes, or until al dente drain well, and reserve in a large mixing bowl.nMelt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, and cook for 1 minute, or until golden. Whisk in flour and cook for 1 additional minute. Whisk in milk, and butternut squash, and bring mixture to a low boil. Reduce heat to low, whisk in Gorgonzola, Brie, fontina, salt, and pepper, until cheese is melted, about 3 to 4 minutes.nPour cheese sauce over the pasta and stir well to combine. Divide the pasta mixture into buttered individual gratin dishes or a buttered 13 by 9inch baking dish. Sprinkle pecans and sage over pasta melt the additional 2 tablespoons butter, and drizzle evenly over the top. Sprinkle Gruyere over the pecans and sage.nBake for 23 to 25 minutes, or until golden brown and bubbly. Cool 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound dry farfalle pasta, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups whole milk, 2 cups finely mashed cooked butternut squash, 8 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, 8 ounces coarsely chopped Brie cheese rind removed, 1 cup shredded fontina cheese, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup finely chopped pecans, 13 cup coarsely chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 cup finely grated Gruyere cheese], title: Baked Butternut Four Cheese Farfalle with Sage, picturelink: null}, 35118: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the sandwich cookies to a food processor and pulse to coarse crumbs. Spread the crumbs out evenly on a baking sheet and drizzle with the melted butter. Bake for 10 minutes. Let cool completely. Use crumbs as an ice cream topping, for crunch., ingredients: [1 package 36 cookies chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, 1 stick 12 cup butter, melted], title: Cookies n Cream Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 35119: {instructions: Cut tortillas into thin triangles not equilateral, more like a spike shape. In a deep pot, bring oil up to 350 degrees F and add tortillas and fry until golden brown. Remove with spider, place on a towel and sprinkle with granulated sugar.nIn a saucepan add butter and whisk in brown sugar: do not boil. Add honey and continue stirring for approximately 4 to 5 minutes.nScoop ice cream onto serving plates, spike with tortillas and spoon sauce on top. Garnish with mint and confectioners sugar, ingredients: [1 package of 6inch flour tortillas or can use remainder from Quesadilla recipe, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup honey, Vanilla ice cream, Granulated sugar for sprinkling, Mint leaves for garnish, Confectioners sugar for garnish], title: Crispy Tortillas with Caramel Honey Sauce and Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 35120: {instructions: Add the lemonlime soda to a 12ounce glass halffilled with ice. Top the glass with the ale and finish with a slice of lemon., ingredients: [4 ounces lemonlime soda, 4 ounces your favorite ale, such as Bass, 1 slice lemon], title: Radlermass, picturelink: vt9nOZKpyP0Hmksi2.2QOkdejq.SCB2}, 35121: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to mediumhigh.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat, add the onion and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the juice and thyme, bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened and reduced to approximately 12 cup, 20 to 25 minutes.nStrain the mixture into a bowl and whisk in the syrup, soy sauce and black pepper and let cool to room temperature. Can be made 2 days in advance and brought to room temperature before using.nBrush chicken on both sides with the remaining oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through. Begin brushing with the glaze during the last 5 minutes of grilling. Remove to a platter and sprinkle with the green onion. Garnish with grilled citrus., ingredients: [5 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 1 quart tangerine juice or tangerineorange juice, not from concentrate, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tangerine or orange, zested, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 8 chicken drumsticks, 8 bonein chicken thighs, Salt, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, for garnish, Grilled oranges and tangerines, for garnish], title: TangerineMaple Glazed Chicken Thighs and Drumsticks, picturelink: GfFAX2GkmpmxiIxJCXlqNGhnys0WGtm}, 35122: {instructions: Whisk together 14 cup of the oil, fivespice powder and garlic in a medium baking dish, add the lamb and turn to coat in the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nWhisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, jalapeno, honey and remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large bowl and let sit while you prepare the noodles.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the soba noodles and cook until just tender, approximately 5 minutes. Drain well, place in the bowl with the dressing, add the green onions and cilantro and mix until combined. Let sit at room temperature while you cook the lamb. Can be made 8 hours in advance and refrigerated. Serve at room temperature or cold.nHeat the grill to high.nRemove the lamb from the marinade and season with salt. Place the tenderloins on the grill and cook until golden brown and slightly charred, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling for 2 to 3 minutes for mediumrare doneness. Remove from the grill, let rest for 5 minutes before slicing into 14inch thick slices. Transfer noodles to a large platter and top with the sliced lamb., ingredients: [14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon fivespice powder, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 pounds lamb tenderloin, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 red jalapenos, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt, 34 pound soba noodles, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: Spicy Lamb and Soba Noodle Salad, picturelink: vRyZVF2NdYPwlG698G3ELX3nf3.d1OK}, 35123: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the veal stock to a simmer and reduce it to 14 of its original volume, until 1 cup of syrupy liquid remains this may take up to 45 minutes. Set aside.nPrepare the spatzle as directed in the above recipe.nHeat a large heavy skillet over high heat until it is very hot, and add the vegetable oil. Saute the beef strips, tossing frequently, for 2 minutes, or until seared. Add the mushrooms and cook for 3 to 4 minutes more, tossing, until they give up their liquid. Add the mustard, cream, salt, a generous amount of pepper, and the reduced veal stock. Stir to mix thoroughly and remove from the heat.nMake a bed of the spatzle in each of 6 shallow heated bowls, top with a generous spoonful of the ragout and lots of sauce, and sprinkle a few scallions over each., ingredients: [4 cups veal stock, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound 2 ounces of beef tenderloin scraps, cut into 34 by 1 12inch strips, 12 pound white button mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions, white and green parts only, sliced 14inch thick on the diagonal, Spatzle recipe above], title: Beef and Mushroom Ragout, picturelink: null}, 35124: {instructions: Mash softened cheese with fork in a bowl. Whisk in the cream and sour cream into cheese, the consistency should be smooth with an occasional small bit of blue. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper., ingredients: [6 ounces about 13 pound double cream blue veined cheese, softened to room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and pepper, 2 pinches ground cayenne pepper], title: Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 35125: {instructions: In a saucepan simmer the fresh tomatillos in salted boiling water to cover for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are tender, transfer them with a slotted spoon to a bowl, and let them cool. Alternatively, use a drained 11ounce can tomatillos, see note above. In a food processor or blender, puree the tomatillos with the coriander, to taste, the garlic, and salt, to taste, and transfer the mixture to a bowl. Halve and pit the avocados, chop the flesh, and stir it into the tomatillo mixture. Serve the salsa with tortilla chips or with hamburgers, grilled meat, or fish., ingredients: [34 pound fresh tomatillos available at specialty produce markets and some supermarkets, husked and rinsed, 14 to 13 cup packed fresh coriander, 1 garlic clove, Salt, 3 avocados], title: Tomatillo Guacamole Salsa, picturelink: null}, 35126: {instructions: Preheat oven with pizza stone to 350 degrees F. The pizza stone will help get a crisp pie crust. In a large bowl, combine the sour cream, sugar substitute, maple syrup, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, nutmeg, vanilla extract, salt, egg whites, egg and pumpkin until thoroughly blended and the mixture is smooth. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the Light Pie Shell. Bake pie for 1 hour or until a knife comes out cleanly. Cool on wire rack for about 1 hour. Carefully cut pie into 8 servings.nIn a large bowl, mix 1 14 cups of flour, sugar substitute, baking powder, and salt. Cut the butter into the dough until the butter is in small chunks. Slowly add the milk and mix with 2 forks until the dough holds together. Pat the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Allow dough to rest in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and roll out on a lightly floured surface. Place dough into a pie tin. Fold under excess dough and crimp edges. Place back into refrigerator until needed. Yield: 1 pie shell, ingredients: [1 cup fatfree sour cream, 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 egg whites, 1 whole egg, 1 15ounce can pumpkin, 1 Light Pie Shell, recipe follows, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus 1 tablespoon for dusting surface, 2 tablespoons sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup fatfree milk], title: Maple Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 35127: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the butter into 12inch cubes and place into the bowl of an electric mixer. Add the brown sugar and white sugar and cream using the paddle attachment just until smooth, about 2 minutes. You do not want to create a lot of air.nTurn the mixer to low and add the egg yolks, one at a time, until just incorporated. Add the molasses, milk and brandy and mix just to combine.nIn a separate bowl, add the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and allspice. Mix with a fork just to combine.nWith the mixer running on low speed, add the flour to the egg mixture in a steady stream and mix until just combined.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nUsing a 14 cup measure or scoop, place 6 balls of dough evenly spaced on each baking sheet. You can do twentyfour 1ounce balls if you prefer smaller cookies. Do not press down.nGrate nutmeg over the top of each ball of dough until there is an even dusting of nutmeg.nPlace in the oven and bake for 9 minutes. Rotate the baking sheets from top to bottom halfway through the cooking to achieve even baking and color. Remove from the oven when golden brown and still soft in the center, after about 9 minutes.nSlide the cookies with the parchment paper onto a cooling rack. Once cool, carefully remove from the paper and enjoy.nThese cookies are amazing eaten warm. Like a cup of holiday eggnog Happy Holidays, ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 14 cup granulated white sugar, 8 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 whole nutmeg], title: Eggnog Cookies, picturelink: null}, 35128: {instructions: Caramel:nIn a heavy metal saucepot combine the sugar, water, and lemon juice. Over high heat cook the sugar to a deep caramel color and pour out into a round 9inch cake pan, turning around the perimeter so as to cover the sides and bottom of the pan. Set aside to cool completely while you make the cake.nCheesecake Base:nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, on low speed work the cream cheese until smooth. Add the sugar, vanilla, and orange zest. Continue to mix for 2 minutes until smooth. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and scrape down after each addition.nOn low speed slowly stream in the heavy cream. Scrape down every 30 seconds. Remove from bowl and pour out into prepared cool caramel pan.nBake in a hot water bath for 1 hour. When finished the cake will be slightly firm to the touch. Remove from the oven and place in the refrigerator. Make sure to cool down for at least 4 hours before flipping over. The cake can be made up to 2 days in advance.nFlip over by placing a 12inch flat plate over the top of the cake pan. Hold with a firm grip and flip cake upside down. Let the pan sit on top for a second. Lift pan off the cake and serve on its own or with berries., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 pound 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 6 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Caramel Flan Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 35129: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason all sides of the halibut with the 1 teaspoon of salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper. In a shallow dish, combine the flour and the remaining salt and pepper. In a second shallow dish add the eggs. Add the pepitas to a third shallow dish. Roll a halibut fillet in the flour, shaking off the excess. Dip just 1 side of the fillet in the beaten eggs, then into the pepitas, pressing gently for even coverage. Set on a plate, seed side up, and repeat with remaining halibut. Cover loosely and refrigerate for 15 minutes.nWhile the fish is resting, prepare the cilantro cream.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the canola oil. When the oil is hot add the fish, pepita side down, and cook until golden, about 2 minutes. Flip over, then gently transfer them to a baking sheet fitted with a rack. Bake in the oven until the internal temperature of 145 degrees F registers on an instantread thermometer, about 6 to 7 minutes. Arrange on serving plates, topped with the cilantro cream and serve.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and serrano pepper and saute for 1 minute. Add the halfandhalf and cilantro and bring to a low simmer. Stir frequently until reduced by half, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the lime juice and salt and blend with a stick blender until smooth, Keep warm, or reheat gently before serving., ingredients: [4 6ounce portions halibut fillets, skin removed, 1 12 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup pepitas, 14 cup canola oil, Cilantro Serrano Cream, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup minced shallot, 1 teaspoon seeded, minced serrano pepper, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon sea salt], title: Pepita Crusted Pacific Halibut with Cilantro Serrano Cream, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 35130: {instructions: Using a wire whisk, combine the marinade ingredients in a stainless steel bowl. Add the quail and rub thoroughly with the marinade, inside and out. Dont be afraid to use your hands. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for several hours or overnight.nThe Port Sauce with which the quail will be served may be made while the quail is marinating. Combine the bones, vegetables, and seasonings in a roasting pan and roast in a 375 degrees oven for 2 hours, turning occasionally, until everything is well browned. Transfer the bones and vegetables to a heavy bottomed stock pot and cover with the water. Bring to a boil, add the veal stock or beef broth, lower the heat to a simmer, and cook 1 12 hours. Strain this rich stock into another sauce pan, add the cup of port, and simmer again to the reduce liquid to 112 cups. At this point, the sauce may be cooled and refrigerated for up to two days. Rewarm the sauce during the quails preparation and add the final enrichment of port and butter just prior to serving. This will both enhance the final flavor and give the sauce a silken sheen.nTo cook the quail, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a cast iron or other heavy bottomed, ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Drain the quail of excess marinade and pan roast, uncovered, until mahogany in color about 3 minutes on each side. Place the ovenproof skillet and quail in the oven for 9 minutes. Serve immediately with the port sauce., ingredients: [12 cup dry red wine, 14 cup good quality port preferably not too sweet, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons lowsalt soy sauce, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, Several sprigs of fresh thyme or 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon juniper berries, 8 quail, preferably fresh, with breast and backbones removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds poultry bones, necks, and wing tips quail, chicken, duck, or any combination of the three, 2 carrots, roughly chopped about 12 cup, 1 onion, diced about 12 cup, 3 ribs celery, roughly chopped about 34 cup, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 clove garlic, crushed with the flat of a knife blade, 3 quarts water, 12 cup veal stock, or beef stock, 1 cup good quality port, 2 tablespoons good quality port, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Pan Roasted Quail with Port Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35131: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350. Beat eggs and add sugar to blend. Add salt. Sift flour and baking powder and add all at once to eggs. Stir just to blend. Add flavoring or garnish. Spoon mixture lengthwise onto cookie sheet lined with parchment paper or greased. Spoon into a log, shape as wide as you choose, the width of the log will determine the length of the cut biscotti. Make as many logs as you have mix. Allow logs to sit for about 10 minutes at room temperature before baking. Bake at 350 for approximately 20 minutes or until center of log springs back when touched. Remove from oven and let cool thoroughly. Cut logs into strips crosswise. Standard is about 12 inch. Place each biscotti cut side down onto cookie sheet lined with parchment or lightly greased. Bake again for approximately 15 minutes or until lightly browned on edges. Cool thoroughly, then store in airtight containernFor Hazelnut: 2 cups roughly chopped, sliced, or whole hazelnuts .nFor LemonPoppy: grated rind of three lemons, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds .nFor Ginger: 1 12 cups chopped crystallized candied ginger., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder], title: Basic Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 35132: {instructions: Combine the salt, pepper and sugar on a plate. Lightly dip the rims of 4 rocks glasses into a small amount of lime juice, then into the salt mixture to crust the edges of the glasses.nCombine the tequila, lime juice, orange liqueur and agave syrup in a large pitcher with ice. Stir vigorously to combine. Pour over ice in the saltrimmed glasses, garnish with a slice of lime and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup coarse salt, 1 teaspoon espelette pepper or chile powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups fresh lime juice, plus more for rimming glasses, 3 cups tequila, 1 12 cups orange liqueur, 12 cup agave syrup, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Classic Margarita with Espelette Salt, picturelink: uOb6mwOxSLpMuKc6MQ9.DZzt6xEKnoy}, 35133: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add sugar and red pepper flakes and cook 1 minute. Add broccoli rabe and vinegar. Cook 3 to 5 minutes, or until wilted. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 cups chopped broccoli rabe, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar or white wine vinegar, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with Crushed Red Pepper, picturelink: jRr.GWSDQH5bdssKdUwHo.rnUGLaxVG}, 35134: {instructions: Season the sirloin with salt and pepper. Sear the steak in a heavybottomed pan for 4 to 5 minutes until medium rare.nIn a large bowl whisk together lemon juice, salt, ground cumin, and olive oil. Add scallions, cucumbers, tomatoes, chickpeas, parsley, and mint. Toss to combine. Add spinach and pita. Toss to combine, taste and adjust seasonings.nThinly slice the sirloin portion control the meat according to your needs. Mound the salad onto a large plate. Top with overlapping pieces of the sirloin steak. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut each pita into 8 pieces. Lightly spray the pita with olive oil. Sprinkle with cumin and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, shaking the pan halfway through cooking, about 10 to 15 minutes, ingredients: [1 pound sirloin steak, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, white parts only, 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 cup roughly chopped mint, 1 bag prewashed baby spinach, 16 pieces pita chips, recipe follows, 2 6inch whole wheat pitas, Olive oil spray, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spinach and Fatoush Salad with Sirloin Steak, picturelink: null}, 35135: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the buttermilk dressing: Combine the buttermilk, mayo, sour cream, vinegar, hot sauce, garlic and some salt and pepper in a mason jar, screw on the lid and shake to combine.nFor the salad: Combine the carrots, lettuce, cucumbers and tomatoes in a bowl, pour over the dressing and toss to combine., ingredients: [12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, Few shakes hot sauce, 1 clove garlic, pressed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 carrots, peeled and finely diced, 1 head iceberg lettuce, diced, 12 cucumber, finely diced, 12 cup halved cherry tomatoes], title: Mini Chopped Salad with Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 35136: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nMash the bananas with a fork in a large bowl. Add the oats, peanut butter, chocolate chips, honey, cinnamon and salt, and stir until just combined. The mixture may be thick and hard to stir.nScoop out the dough with a cookie scoop, and form balls with your hands, pressing the dough together very tightly. Place the balls on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the edges start to brown, 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 large, ripe bananas, 2 12 cups rolled oats, 1 cup peanut butter my family prefers chunky, 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup honey, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, Pinch of salt], title: Oatmeal ChocolateChip PeanutButter Banana Breakfast Cookies, picturelink: AspBRuiIicfaD224aur.fhyoo7lkvu}, 35137: {instructions: Soak the bamboo or wooden skewers in water for 30 to 60 minutes.nWith a sharp knife, cut each chicken breast lengthwise into 12 long, thin strips. Thread 1 strip onto each of the skewers, weaving the skewer back and forth along the length of each chicken strip. Arrange them on a large platter or baking tray.nTo prepare the marinade, in a small bowl combine the curry powder, pepper, salt and cumin. Spoon the oil over the chicken strips, turning to coat them evenly, and then evenly sprinkle the dry ingredients over them on both sides. Cover the platter or tray with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour or longer.nTo prepare the mintsoy vinaigrette, in a food processor fitted with the steel blade or a blender, combine the egg yolks, vinegar, mint, soy sauce and coriander. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in the oil and continue processing until smooth. Transfer the dressing to a bowl, season to taste with salt and pepper, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat a hinged indoor grill or panini maker, according to the manufacturers instructions, or preheat a broiler, outdoor grill, or stovetop grill pan. Grill the skewers, in batches if necessary, until cooked through and nicely browned, about 2 minutes total on a hinged grill or panini maker or 2 minutes per side in the broiler, in a grill pan, or on an outdoor grill. If using an indoor grill, take care that the skewers dont prevent the grill or panini maker from closing properly.nServe the skewers immediately, passing the vinaigrette for guests to drizzle over their own skewers or to use as a dip., ingredients: [24 6inch bamboo or wooden skewers, 2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons peanut oil or vegetable oil, 2 large egg yolks, beaten, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 cup regular or roasted peanut oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Curried Chicken Satay with Fresh MintSoy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 35138: {instructions: In a saucepan bring milk and cinnamon stick to a simmer. Stir in the rice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer over very low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest in strips from the lemon and finely chop. Remove the cinnamon stick. Add the lemon zest and sugar and continue to simmer for another 45 minutes until thick and creamy. Add the heavy cream to adjust the puddings consistency, if desired. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 12 cup arborio rice, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 lemon, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, optional], title: Lemon Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 35139: {instructions: There are a few things you can do in advance to make this centerpiece easier to make. Draw the butler design on a piece of paper. Take the original to a copy shop and have it enlarged to the size you would like to make. This will be as a template for the butler base and the butlers body. My butler was 10inches wide and 26inches tall. You may wish to transfer the design onto foam board. Cut around the silhouette of the butler. Make the butler base and the butler body: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered dark chocolate over a large sheet of acetate or several pieces of parchment paper. When the chocolate begins to set, use a sharp paring knife to trace around the silhouette. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate or paper. Repeat this using white chocolate. Tip: Making the base and body thicker than 14inch will make it easier to handle and less likely to break. Pour tempered dark chocolate onto the dark chocolate butler. Place the white chocolate butler on top of this piece. Press gently. Use an Xacto knife to cut the template into the pieces. My template was cut into 6 pieces: a head, the hand, a bowtie, the body with arm, a shirt and the lapels. These pieces are used to dress the butler and to give him the chocolate accents. Make the coat and lapels: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered dark chocolate over a large sheet of acetate or several pieces of parchment paper. When the chocolate begins to set, use a sharp paring knife to trace around the coat and the lapels. The side of the chocolate that touches the acetate will be the finished side so, remember to use the reverse side of the template. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate or paper. Make the bowtie and shirt: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate onto a piece of acetate. When the chocolate begins to set, use a sharp paring knife to trace around the bowtie and the shirt. The side of the chocolate that touches the acetate will be the finished side so, remember to use the reverse side of the template. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate or paper. Use a paintbrush to apply red dots onto the bowtie.nMake the buttons: Use a cornet filled with tempered milk chocolate and pipe rounds of chocolate onto a piece of acetate. Let the chocolate set. My butler had 1 large button and 3 smaller buttons. Use the tip of a sharp knife to mark the holes in each button. Use tempered chocolate to glue the buttons into place. Make the lips and mustache: Use modeling chocolate to form the lips and mustache. Add a drop of red food coloring to a small piece of white molding chocolate and work in the color until it is pink. Form the lips. Use dark modeling chocolate to form the mustache. Make the base: Use flexible aluminum strips or very large cake ring to form a base. The base I made was 13 inches in diameter. Place it on a parchment paper lined surface. Pour tempered chocolate inside the ring to form a 12inchthick layer. When the chocolate has set, remove the ring and peel off the parchment paper. Make a support pole: Roll a piece of acetate into a tube that is 11 12 inches long and 3 inches in diameter and tape it closed. Set the tube on end and fill with dark chocolate. When it is full, invert the tube over the bowl of chocolate allowing the excess chocolate to flow back into the bowl. Let set. When the chocolate has set, repeat this step a few more times. You want the tube to be sturdy because the butler will rest against it. Allow the chocolate tube to set until hard. Remove the acetate. Use a hot knife to trim the base of the tube so it is flat. Then use the knife to scar the bottom. You want to make it somewhat textured so it will form a better seal to the base. Use tempered chocolate to glue the pole onto the base. Position it well so you can rest the molded chocolate against it. Make the tray: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate over a sheet of parchment paper. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a paring knife to trace around an 8inch cake circle. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Finishing the details: Paint the eyes, eyebrows, chin and nose outline onto the face of the butler. You can also add some lines on his hand to give it a sense of action. Fill a cornet with milk chocolate and use it to paint hair on the butlers head. Use tempered chocolate to glue all of the pieces into place. Start with the coat. Place some tempered chocolate directly onto the butler under the coat piece. Add the shirt. Then add the lapels. Use tempered chocolate to glue the bow tie into place. Add the lips and mustache into place. Use a pastry brush to gloss the butlers coat with some vegetable oil. This will make his coat shiny. Stand the butler on end and adhere him to the base with tempered chocolate by resting the butler against the support pole. Use a hot knife to make a 90degree indentation in the butlers hand and on the tray. Use these notches as a guide and adhere the tray into place with more tempered chocolate. Place hors doeuvres on the tray and the butler is ready to serve you SOURCE: Chocolate Melter: Demarle New Jersey, Demarle.com Chocolate Cold Spray: PCB in France 011 33 0388 587333 Molding Chocolate: Beryls, ingredients: [5 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 5 pounds white chocolate, tempered, 1 pounds milk chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, as desired, Modeling chocolate, Vegetable oil, for glossing the coat], title: Chocolate Butler, picturelink: xjqAN74VTH73uPpi2LMLK5f9lGTwGoS}, 35140: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, mix the peanut butter, coconut milk, agave nectar, lime juice, soy sauce, garlic powder, to taste, and red pepper flakes, to taste, together until the texture is smooth and loose., ingredients: [12 cup peanut butter, One 8ounce can coconut milk, 12 cup agave nectar, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup soy sauce, Garlic powder, Red pepper flakes], title: Thai Peanut Sauce, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 35141: {instructions: Place the water, sugar, and lavender in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to a week.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dried lavender buds], title: Lavender Syrup, picturelink: null}, 35142: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the ground turkey, chicken sausage, zucchini, pomegranate seeds, bread crumbs, shallots, egg, garlic, cumin, and sumac. Season the mixture with plenty of salt, and pepper. Combine lightly, do not over mix.nLine a small baking sheet with foil and drizzle with oil. Split turkey mixture into four equal portions. Take each portion and shape into an eye shape thats long, flat and about 1inch high. Place on the prepared sheet pan.nCut the onion in half and pick out 2 leaves from the center of each half. Place one leaf in the center of each turkey eye so it looks like the white of an eye. Then slice the olive in half and place each in the center of each turkey eye.nBake the meatloaves in the oven, about 20 to 25 minutes, or until a thermometer inserted in the middle of the loaves reads 160 degrees F. Remove and set aside. Cover with foil and keep warm.nWhile the turkey is baking, make the tomato sauce.nTo make the tomato sauce: Stir the tomato paste, wine, water, bay leaf, and thyme together in a small saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes, seasoning with salt, and pepper along the way.nTo make the kale: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the kale and cook 1 minute, then add the water and dates. Lower the heat to medium, cover and cook 5 minutes, or until the kale has softened but still has a bite.nTo serve, divide the kale among 4 plates, top each with a turkey meatloaf eye and top with tomato sauce around the white of the eye., ingredients: [12 pound ground turkey, 12 pound chicken sausage, removed from casings about 2 links, 1 small zucchini, grated, 1 cup fresh pomegranate seeds, 34 cup bread crumbs, 1 shallot, minced, 1 egg, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground sumac, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for baking, 1 small white onion, peeled, for garnish, 1 black olive, for garnish, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup water, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kale, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 bunch black or green kale, trimmed and sliced, 12 cup water, 1 date, minced], title: TurkEye Meatloaves with Bloody Sauce, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 35143: {instructions: Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and saute for 1 minute. Add balsamic vinegar and reduce by half. Add ketchup, brown sugar, and honey bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 23 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 cups ketchup recommended: Heinz, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup honey], title: Balsamic BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35144: {instructions: Boil 1 12 quarts of water with 1 onion, celery, carrot and a little salt. Bring to boil. Add fish and cook for 5 minutes. Drain fish and keep liquid. Strain liquid. Remove head, tail and bones from fish. Flake meat into pieces. Cook pasta.nAdd 2 tablespoons olive oil to saute pan. Add garlic and remaining chopped onion to oil. Add fish and saute gently for 1 minute. Add white wine. Reduce until all wine has evaporated. Add the 2 remaining tablespoons oil to another pan and saute zucchini and mushrooms until almost tender. Add to pan with fish along with fava beans, asparagus and tomato. Quickly toss. Add in a little stock, pepper flakes and parsley. Toss with pasta and serve., ingredients: [1 12 onions, chopped, 1 rib celery, roughly chopped, 1 carrot peeled and roughly chopped, Salt, 1 pound red fish, cleaned and scaled, 1 pound fettucine pasta, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 13 cup dry white wine, 14 cup diced zucchini, cooked in water until tender, 12 cup button mushrooms, 12 cup fava beans, cooked in water until tender, 1 pound asparagus, bottoms snapped off and blanched, 14 cup tomato concasse, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper flakes, 1 cup chopped parsley], title: Primavera Pasta with Red Fish Triglia, picturelink: null}, 35145: {instructions: Heat ground pork in sesame oil, cooking it and separating it until no longer pink. Stir in the garlic and ginger and saute for a moment. Add chopped shrimp and saute until opaque. Transfer mixture to a bowl and with a wooden spoon or your hands work in soy sauce, rice vinegar, broth and coriander season with salt and crushed red pepper.nTo fill: Put 12 teaspoon filling in center of each wonton skin. Wet one edge only. Gather top edge over and pleat and press down as you go. Can be frozen on parchment lined baking pan when solid, place in freezer bags.nTo cook: Heat 18 teaspoon vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet. Fry the wontons in a single layer until brown on one side, about a minute. Pour off most of the fat. Return skillet to heat and add 14 to 13 cup water or broth. When liquid is steaming, cover the skillet, and time the cooking for 2 minutes or until filling is heated through. If you make wontons in advance, reheat in a steamer, ingredients: [6 ounces ground pork if you cant find it, substitute sweet Italian sausage, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Quartersize slice ginger, finely minced, 4 ounces peeled, deveined shrimp and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup fresh coriander, chopped, Salt and crushed red pepper, 100 Round Wonton skins], title: Sausage and Shrimp Fried Wontons, picturelink: null}, 35146: {instructions: In a blender, combine the avocado, cocoa powder, almond milk, maple syrup, vanilla and salt. Blend on medium until completely smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender often. Increase the speed to high and blend about 30 seconds to lighten the mousse.nSpoon into 2 serving glasses or cups. If you have the time, chill in the refrigerator until cold, about an hour. If not, enjoy right away with the toppings of your choice and garnish with Coconut Whipped Cream if desired.nRemove the can of coconut milk from the refrigerator without shaking it. Open the can, scrape out the solidified coconut cream from the top and put it in a mixing bowl. Save the liquid in the bottom of the can for a smoothie. Whip the coconut cream with an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on high until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and confectioners sugar or other sweetener to taste. Whip again and serve., ingredients: [1 large ripe avocado, cut into chunks, 14 cup natural cocoa powder, 14 cup unsweetened almond milk, 14 cup maple syrup or agave, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of sea salt, Suggested toppings: chia seeds, cocoa nibs, shredded coconut, chopped mango, chopped pineapple and pomegranate seeds, Coconut Whipped Cream, recipe follows, for garnish, optional, 1 can coconut milk, refrigerated overnight until well chilled, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar or sweetener of choice, to taste], title: Chocolate Avocado Mousse, picturelink: MjR4sWICddBI11JFsT6czZ.9nHCy2}, 35147: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, over mediumlow heat saute the onions and garlic in butter for 20 minutes or until golden brown and caramelized, stirring with a wooden spoon, throughout the cooking process. Remove from the heat and set aside.nTurn dough onto a lightly greased 12inch pizza pan. Press the dough out into a circle about 10 inches in diameter with your hands this does not have to be perfect. Using the handle end of a wooden spoon handle, make deep indentations about 1inch apart on top of the dough. Top with the caramelized onions and sprinkle with fresh herbs and cheeses. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with olive oil and bake at 400 degrees F until golden brown, about 18 to 20 minutes.nPour the balsamic vinegar into a small saucepan, over medium heat and simmer until reduced by half.nCombine the oil with chili flakes in a small bowl. Let sit for 15 to 20 minutes to let the chili flavor infuse into the oilnRemove the pizza from the oven and drizzle with the balsamic reduction and chili oil before serving., ingredients: [2 medium yellow onions, quartered and sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup butter, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs combination thyme, rosemary and oregano leaves, 14 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup grated Parmesan or Pecorino, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes], title: Caramelized Onion Flatbread with Spiced Olive Oil, picturelink: null}, 35148: {instructions: To a tall glass, add scoop of vanilla ice cream. Pour 2 shots of vanilla vodka or 2 shots of chocolate syrup over ice cream. Fill glass the rest of the way with root beer. Drizzle chocolate syrup or vanilla vodka on top. Serve with a straw and spoon., ingredients: [1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 3 shots vanilla vodka, Root beer, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 3 shots chocolate milano syrup, Root beer], title: Drunken Floats, picturelink: null}, 35149: {instructions: Place short ribs in noncorrodible vessel. Combine ingredients for marinade and pour over ribs marinate, covered, for 24 hours in the refrigerator, turning them once. Remove from marinade pat dry and reserve marinade for later.nHeat oil in an 8 quart casserole, wide enough to accommodate the ribs in a single layer. While the oil is heating up, dredge short ribs in flour and shake off excess. Sear them for 5 minutes a side or until they are golden brown all over. Remove them to a plate. In the remaining oil saute the onions, celery, carrots, and turnips for 10 minutes, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon. Add the chili powder, tomato paste, broth and reserved marinade and boil, over medium heat for 5 minutes or until slightly reduced. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Return the short ribs to the casserole and cover. Braise over low heat for 1 hour and 45 minutes or until fork tender. Remove the short ribs from the sauce and place them on a large baking pan. Strain the sauce, through a sieve into a medium saucepan. Skim off the fat, season to taste with salt and pepper and keep warm, over low heat. Reheat ribs in sauce.nSecond time around: Preheat the broiler. Combine all the coating ingredients and spread themnover the short ribs. Broil short ribs, 4 inches away from heat source, for 3 to 4 minutes or until lightly browned. Serve immediately with sauce., ingredients: [6 pounds short ribs have butcher cut them into serving sized pieces, For marinade, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups red wine, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 bay leaves, 6 tablespoons molasses, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup flour, 1 cup finely diced onion, 12 cup each finely diced celery, carrots and turnips, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 cups beef broth, 12 cup prepared chili sauce, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white horseradish, 12 cup dry white bread crumbs], title: Deviled Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 35150: {instructions: Toss one 17.5ounce package gnocchi with 1 bunch chopped broccoli rabe or kale, 12 cup chicken broth, 14 cup grated parmesan, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 grated garlic clove, and salt and pepper to taste in a 1 12quart baking dish. Cover and bake at 400 degrees F until the gnocchi is cooked through, 30 minutes. Uncover sprinkle with more parmesan and broil until golden.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Baked Gnocchi with Greens, picturelink: gWQnx8ucDh69GVZ4J.yCScqz4OiJkYO}, 35151: {instructions: Combine the yogurt, mayonnaise, milk, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon salt and the chipotle in a blender pulse until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl, then stir in the relish and bell pepper.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons nonfat milk, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 1 chipotle chile pepper in adobo sauce optional, 3 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 3 tablespoons minced red bell pepper], title: Light Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: 9yEwvks5Gqd6A9rcG3icJP4iO1Zzz2O}, 35152: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the paprika, sugar, salt, cumin, mustard powder, black pepper and cayenne pepper in a bowl.nHeat a large castiron pan over mediumhigh heat, and lightly coat with canola oil. Dredge the pork tenderloin in the rub, tapping off any excess, before searing on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Place the pan into the oven and cook to medium doneness, 8 to 10 minutes. Promptly remove from the oven and let rest at least 15 minutes.nServe with the BourbonChipotle Sauce.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the onions until soft, and then pour in 2 cups of the bourbon and cook until reduced to a few tablespoons. Stir in the chicken stock, apple juice, brown sugar, peppercorns and chipotle, and cook until reduced by half.nStrain through a fine mesh strainer, and then return to the pan and cook until it becomes the consistency of a sauce. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons bourbon and cook 2 minutes. Season with salt., ingredients: [3 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dry mustard powder, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Two 2pound pork tenderloins, patted dry, Canola oil, BourbonChipotle Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons bourbon, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, 1 cup apple juice concentrate, thawed, 14 cup light brown sugar, 8 whole black peppercorns, 1 chipotle in adobo sauce,chopped, Kosher salt], title: Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with BourbonChipotle Sauce, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 35153: {instructions: For the dough: Place the warm milk in a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over the milk and set aside for 5 minutes. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the oil and vanilla. Beat in the yolks one at a time, beating well between additions. Beat on high speed for 2 to 3 minutes, then lower the speed and mix in the flour and salt. Mix in the milk and yeast mixture. Change to a dough hook attachment and mix until a soft dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and gently knead it by hand for 2 to 3 minutes. The dough should be soft and smooth. Place the dough in a buttered or oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside until doubled in sizethis may take 2 to 2 12 hours at room temperature. I proof this dough in my garage. My kitchen is too cool and I become impatient. Sometimes I proof it overnight in the refrigerator, allowing it to come to room temperature before filling the buns the next day. For the filling: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, stirring often, until golden brown and fragrant, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely. Place in a food processor and pulse until they are very finely ground dont overgrind them or youll end up with an oily paste. I like to add 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar while pulsing. Set aside. Cut the bacon into 14inch pieces. Cook in a heavy skillet over medium heat until very crispy but not burnt. Drain off the fat reserve it for another use. Finely chop the bacon in a food processor. Alternatively, you can place the raw cut bacon pieces in a food processor and pulse until the bacon looks like chopped ham salad place the bacon in a large saute pan over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until crispy. Be careful as bacon bits tend to spatter more than bigger piecesI always use a splatter guard over the skillet. Let the bacon bits cool on paper towels. Combine the cooled bacon and ground hazelnuts in a bowl and set aside. Cut the butter into equalsized pieces. Put the butter in a lightcolored saucepan its important to see the bottom of the pan to gauge the color of the butter as it cooks and place it over medium heat. Melt the butter, stirring constantly. The butter will start to bubble and foam up keep stirring. As the foam subsides, the color of the butter will begin to darken. As soon as it looks like its browning, quickly pour the butter into a heatproof cup or bowl to prevent additional browning. To make the schmear, in a heatproof bowl, combine the brown sugar and cinnamon. In a small saucepan, heat 14 cup of the heavy cream with the brown butter. Bring this to a boil and immediately pour it over the sugarandcinnamon mixture and stir to dissolve the sugar. Let cool completely and set aside. In a small bowl, make a glaze by combing the remaining 14 cup heavy cream, confectioners sugar, vanilla, bourbon and salt. Whisk until smooth and set aside. Once the dough has doubled in size, grease two 6cup extralarge muffin or cupcake tins. Dump the dough onto a floured work surface. Roll it out to an 18x20inch rectangle thats 1 inch thick. Spread the brown butter schmear over the dough, leaving a 1inch border around the edges to help seal the buns. Brush the beaten egg over the border. Set aside about 34 cup of the baconhazelnut mixture for the top of the buns. Sprinkle the rest over the schmear and pat down so it sticks. Begin rolling the dough up from the edge closest to you, keeping the roll tight. When you reach the egg wash part, pinch the dough together to seal the roll.nCut the log into 12 pieces, each about 1 34 inches wide. Reshape each bun so its round cutting tends to flatten one side. Gently place the buns into the greased muffin tins. Lightly brush the tops with beaten egg and sprinkle with the remaining baconhazelnut mixture about 1 tablespoon per bun. Cover the buns with plastic wrap and set aside to proof again until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. I place the muffin tins on baking sheets to prevent any filling from dripping onto the oven floor. Bake the buns for 12 minutes. Rotate the pans and bake until the buns are golden brown and cooked through a digital thermometer inserted into the center of a bun will read 185 degrees F when they are fully baked, about 12 minutes longer. Remove the pans from the oven and let cool for about 10 minutes before removing the buns and letting them cool on a wire rack. Drizzle the glaze generously over the buns. Enjoy the buns the same day you bake them, or make bread pudding with them. I have a recipe for Cinni Mini Bun Bread Pudding in my book Baking Out Loud., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, heated to 110 degrees F, 2 14 teaspoons 1 packet active dry yeast, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons hazelnut oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste or 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 large egg yolks, 3 13 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups blanched hazelnuts, 7 ounces raw bacon to get 34 cup crispy cooked bacon bits, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 14 cups firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon preferably Saigon, 12 cup heavy cream, divided, 1 large egg lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste or 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Bacon, Bourbon and Hazelnut Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: ErCe4v88qfF6RuB489Yz6rHvA2M96}, 35154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a small trifle dish with plastic wrap. Pour some orange liqueur into a shallow dish.nPress a 12inch layer of ice cream into the trifle dish. Then put in a layer of raspberries. Dip some ladyfingers into the orange liqueur and place them on top of the berries, pressing them in lightly. Add another layer of ice cream, another layer of orange liqueurdipped ladyfingers and then a layer of mangos. Add a last layer of ice cream if there is room. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze for at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nWhen you are ready to serve, unmold the cakes, removing the plastic wrap, onto a cold serving plate. Dip the bottom of the dish in warm water to loosen the bomb. Quickly pour over the chocolate shell. Garnish with chocolate curls. Stick a sparkler on top please check your local ordinances and serve immediately., ingredients: [Orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, slightly softened, 12 pint raspberries, One 7ounce package soft ladyfingers, 1 mango, diced, One 7.25ounce bottle chocolate shell, Chocolate curls, for garnish, Sparkler, for decoration, optional], title: Ice Cream Bomb Cake, picturelink: iwp3lpniV6BivRKhI1T.GVEfnivROu}, 35155: {instructions: Whisk the lemon juice, hot sauce, salt, and pepper together in a shallow bowl. Dip each catfish fillet in the lemon juice mixture. Dredge catfish in seasoned flour, followed by buttermilk, and then corn tortilla flakes to coat completely.nPour oil into a large, deep saute pan until it comes about halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat oil to 350 degrees F. When oil is hot, carefully add fish fillets to pan, in batches if necessary, and deepfry until golden brown, about 10 minutes total. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels.nPlace 1 12 ounces of queso on each of 6 plates and top with the fried catfish. Place 12ounce of pico de gallo on top of the catfish. Garnish with a lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [1 14 ounces lemon juice, 12ounce hot sauce, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 5ounce catfish fillets, 3 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 3 cups buttermilk, 3 cups corn tortilla flakes, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 9 ounces prepared chile con queso, 3 ounces prepared pico de gallo, 6 lime wedges], title: Tortilla Fried Queso Catfish, picturelink: FVYk2QuaYgBSoKj.NgIvjVIPyPN2}, 35156: {instructions: Preheat flat grill or a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the vegetable oil, potatoes, diced onion, green pepper, jalapeno pepper, if using, and chorizo. Mix together slightly. Cook for 4 to 8 minutes, flipping once. Add the tomato and eggs. Mix together and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, flipping over once. Add cheese and cook until slightly melted. Mix hash together to distribute cheese and tomatoes throughout.nServe with toast or tortillas., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups shredded potatoes, or storebought hash browns, 12 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced green pepper, 1 tablespoon diced jalapeno peppers, optional, 1 cup ground chorizo, browned, 12 cup diced tomato, 5 eggs, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, Toast or tortillas, for serving], title: Chorizo Garbage Plate, picturelink: null}, 35157: {instructions: Season fish with salt and pepper and roll in flour. Place clarified butter in heated pan and add floured fish. Cook gently for four minutes.nPlace 1 12 tablespoons fresh butter in a saucepan and add 4 anchovy fillets. Smash anchovies into the butter and allow butter to foam, then draw away from heat and mix anchovies well into butter. Add chives, parsley, oregano leaves and blanched almonds to anchovy butter. Moisten with white wine and marsala. Bring to a boil.nPlace soles on a warmed serving dish slightly overlapping them, and nap with the sauce., ingredients: [2 whole lemon soles, black skin and head removed, Salt and black pepper, Flour, 6 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 12 tablespoons fresh butter, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 teaspoons chives, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons parsley, finely chopped, 12 fresh oregano leaves or 14 teaspoon dried, 3 teaspoons blanched almonds, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon marsala], title: Sole with Anchovy Sauce, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 35158: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon and almonds in a medium mixing bowl.nAdd the butter and use your fingers to lightly knead into the dry ingredients until the mixture is crumbly and the butter is well incorporated.nUse to top muffins, quick breads, crisps or ice cream. Store in an airtight container, in the refrigerator, for up to a month., ingredients: [4 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 6 ounces light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, clove, nutmeg, andor allspice, 6 ounces almonds, chopped and toasted, 3 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Streusel, picturelink: null}, 35159: {instructions: Melt the chocolate in a double boiler and set aside. Beat the yolks with the 2 tablespoons of sugar with an electric mixer at high speed until light and fluffy. Stream in the melted chocolate at low speed.nDissolve the gelatin in the warmed liquor and stream slowly, along with the coffee, into the chocolate mixture at low speed. Transfer the mixture into a stainless steel bowl and refrigerate until needed.nIn another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites and the remaining 14 cup sugar to a stiff meringue with an electric mixer. In a separate bowl whip the heavy cream until firm. Fold the meringue into the chocolate mixture, then fold in the whipped cream. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 8 egg yolks, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12ounce gelatin sheets, Creme de Cacao or other chocolate flavored liqueur to dissolve the gelatin, 3 ounces liquid coffee, 8 egg whites, 1 pint heavy cream], title: White Chocolate and Coffee Mousse, picturelink: null}, 35160: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWash and dry potatoes. Bake in the oven for 35 to 45 minutes, or until tender and not mushy. Remove from the oven and let cool.nCut the potatoes in half. Scoop out the flesh of the potatoes and reserve for another use. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and drizzle with melted butter.nPlace the skins on a baking sheet and return to the oven to bake for about 10 minutes, or until crisp.nTop each skin with 1 ounce of brie and 14 cup walnuts. Place the skins on a baking sheet and broil until the cheese is bubbly about 5 minutes. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [4 sweet potatoes, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 8 ounces brie with rind removed, 2 cup walnuts in syrup, Chives, for garnish], title: Elegant Sweet Potato Skins, picturelink: null}, 35161: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the oven rack to the middle row. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nAdd the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt to a large bowl and whisk to blend. Toss in the butter and cut in using a fork until it looks like little pebbles. Add in the caraway seeds, 1 14 cup buttermilk and the raisins and stir until it looks like a dry biscuit dough. Knead for 1 minute or so until the dough comes together.nForm into a 7inch diameter round ball and place on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the round with the remaining buttermilk, and then score an X on the top of the round using a sharp knife.nBake until golden brown and when a wooden skewer inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack before slicing., ingredients: [3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 14 cups buttermilk, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons for the topping, 1 cup raisins], title: Soda Bread, picturelink: NVmJ.r6UPKgBgSQRvslaiNU5c8IUfm}, 35162: {instructions: In a small bowl, soften the gelatin in 3 tablespoons of the water. In a saucepan, heat the remaining water over low heat and add the gelatin. Stir until the gelatin dissolves and add the sugar, lemon zest, and juice. Heat to just below the boil and remove from the heat. Cover and let steep for 20 minutes.nStrain the liquid through a fine sieve into a shallow metal bowl. Discard the lemon zest and leave the liquid to cool. Watch it carefully and, when it is quite cool and just about to set, stir in the champagne. Pour into perfectly clean tall champagne flutes and drop a few raspberries into each. Chill until cold and serve, garnished with a few more raspberries and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 packets 12 ounce unflavored gelatin, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup sugar, Zest of 1 lemon, removed in strips, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 cups champagne, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 6 small sprigs mint], title: Champagne Jelly with Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 35163: {instructions: With a heavy sharp knife, chop tuna into very small slices. In a mixing bowl, combine tuna, chives, capers, shallots, lemon juice, oil, salt and freshly ground pepper and chill for 1 hour.nWhilst tuna is chilling, prepare cucumber boats. Peel cucumber and cut into 2inch long cylinders. With a teaspoon, scoop out the seeds from inside the cucumber disc without touching the very bottom of the cucumber. In other words, leave a bottom in the hollowedout center of the cucumber.nPresentation:nSeason cucumber with salt and pepper. Fill with 1ounce of tuna tartare. Top with 18 teaspoon of caviar. Finish with a sprig of parsley., ingredients: [6 ounces sushi tuna, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 12 teaspoon chopped capers, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 ounce extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 6 cucumbers to make 6 cucumber boats, 1ounce black caviar, 6 parsley sprigs], title: Tuna Tartare in a Cucumber Boat topped with Caviar, picturelink: null}, 35164: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a blender, blend the eggs and egg white until frothy. Add the milk, flour, 2 tablespoons of the melted butter, sugar, vanilla and salt and blend just until smooth. Using a spatula, scrape down the sides of the blender. Add the orange zest and pulse just to combine.nIn a castiron skillet over medium heat, heat remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Once hot, pour in the pancake mixture and transfer to the oven. Cook until golden brown and puffy, about 20 minutes.nTop with powdered sugar. Slice and serve with StrawberryMint Compote and Blood Orange Maple Syrup.nPlace the strawberries, orange juice, honey and orange peel in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the strawberries are soft, about 8 minutes. Remove the orange peel. Stir in the mint. Serve warm or cold.nStir the blood orange juice and maple syrup together in a small bowl. Set aside., ingredients: [3 large eggs, room temperature, 1 egg white, room temperature, 34 cup whole milk, room temperature, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest preferably Cara Cara, Powdered sugar, for serving, StrawberryMint Compote, recipe follows, Blood Orange Maple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 pint 8 ounces strawberries, hulled and quartered, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon orange blossom honey, One 3inch piece organic orange peel use a vegetable peeler to avoid white pith, 1 tablespoon torn fresh mint leaves about 6 leaves, Juice of 12 blood orange, 2 tablespoons maple syrup], title: OrangeScented Dutch Baby Pancake with StrawberryMint Compote and Blood Orange Maple Syrup, picturelink: v6J6jEmawoqbPQ5PlGYxxdqghh2WSG}, 35165: {instructions: Wash and dry the spinach then chop it coarsely.nHeat the butter in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Stir in the sundried tomato and scallion and cook, stirring, until the scallion is wilted, about 2 minutes. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Stir in the spinach and cook until wilted and the water it gives off is evaporated, about 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with salt and pepper to taste.nLower the heat to medium. Pour in the eggs and let them sit a few seconds until they start to set around the edges. Using a plastic spatula push a piece of the set edge gently toward the center. Tilt the pan and let some of the unset egg from the top fill the little gap you just made. Keep going around the edge of the pan like this, until there is no more unset egg on top.nScatter the goat cheese slices over the top of the omelet. Put the skillet under the broiler and leave the oven door open, cook just until the top of the omelet is set and puffed, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 big handfuls baby spinach, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 pieces sundried tomato packed in oil, drained and finely chopped, 2 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large eggs, 2 ounces goat cheese 12 a small log, cut into thin slices], title: Foolproof OpenFaced Goat Cheese, Chopped Spinach and SunDried Tomato Omelet, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 35166: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the avocado in a bowl. Mash with a fork and add the sour cream, lime juice, and chopped cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Stir well and mix to form a cream. Set aside.nIn another mixing bowl, combine the salsa, black beans, corn, scallions, and hot sauce season with salt and pepper. Mix well.nTake 1 of the tortilla chips and add a small dollop of the avocado cream. Top with the corn mixture. Garnish with a cilantro leaf., ingredients: [1 ripe Hass avocado, peeled, pitted, and halved, 14 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, plus leaves for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cups storebought fresh salsa, 12 cup canned black beans rinsed and drained, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, defrosted, rinsed and drained, 2 scallions, white and light green parts only, chopped, Dash hot sauce, or more to taste, 20 round tortilla chips], title: Avocado and Corn Tostaditas, picturelink: 7MNTkPY6C5.SzWR4P449v2y5vFMmq}, 35167: {instructions: Heat a large highsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil to heat. Once hot, add the sausages and brown on all sides, for about 8 minutes total. Remove the sausages from the pan to plate and reserve.nAdd the garlic, and saute until golden and brown. With a wooden spoon, stir in the chopped tomatoes and red peppers and season with salt and pepper. Lower the flame, and cover the pan with a lid, simmer for 10 minutes, until the tomatoes have broken down and thickened to a saucelike consistency.nAdd the browned sausages and any juice left on the plate, beans, and bay leaves to the thickened tomatoes. Stir well and simmer for another 10 minutes.nAdd the chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 turkey sausages, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced into chunks, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, quartered, 3 dry red hot peppers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 5 fresh bay leaves, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped], title: Turkey Sausages with Spicy Beans : Sausages with Fagioli Alluccelletta, picturelink: null}, 35168: {instructions: Combine the espresso, Vanilla Bean Simple Syrup and bourbon in a cocktail shaker with a few ice cubes. Shake for 10 seconds. Put the ice cubes in a tall glass, pour over the espresso mixture and top with warm, frothy milk. Dust with cinnamon if desired and serve.nCombine the sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until sugar has melted, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla bean and seeds. Let cool to room temperature, then remove the vanilla bean. Transfer the syrup to a bowl, cover and chill until cold., ingredients: [2 shots espresso, chilled, 1 to 2 tablespoons Vanilla Bean Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 shot bourbon, 1 cup whole milk, warmed and frothed, Cinnamon, for dusting, optional, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped], title: Chilled BourbonVanilla Latte, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 35169: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the tomatoes and mozzarella and arrange casually with the basil leaves on a large platter. Drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [6 small tomatoes 4 medium, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, 10 to 15 basil leaves, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato, Mozzarella, and Basil Salad, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 35170: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Arrange the poblanos skinside up on a baking sheet. Add the spring onions and broil until the poblano skins are charred and the onions are blackened around the edges, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer the poblanos to a large bowl, cover with plastic wrap or a plate and let cool 10 minutes. Rub off the skins with your fingers, then pat dry. Roughly chop the poblanos and onion bulbs, then toss with the masa harina in a medium bowl set aside while you fry the tortillas.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat about 1 inch of vegetable oil in a highsided skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the tortillas, stirring, until stiff but not browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to the paper towels to drain.nSpread half of the fried tortillas in a 3quart baking dish. Top with half of the poblanoonion mixture and half of each cheese. Layer the remaining tortillas, poblanoonion mixture and cheeses on top.nWhisk the eggs and milk in a large bowl whisk in 1 12 teaspoons salt, pepper to taste and the chili powder. Pour the egg mixture into the baking dish. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight.nRemove the dish from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before baking and uncover. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until the strata is lightly puffed and golden on top and just set in the center, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool 10 minutes before serving. Top with sour cream, jalapenos andor cilantro.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 poblano chile peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 bunch medium spring onions, stems cut into 2inch pieces, bulbs quartered, 14 cup masa harina instant corn flour or allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying 3 to 4 cups, 10 corn tortillas, cut into 2inch pieces, 8 ounces Oaxaca or muenster cheese, grated about 2 cups, 8 ounces pepper jack cheese, grated about 2 cups, 8 large eggs, 3 cups whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Sour cream, chopped jalapenos andor chopped cilantro, for topping optional], title: Cheesy Chile Strata, picturelink: 83wTiowZYWjyPItYU952LfLC0G2qFwC}, 35171: {instructions: Combine the cumin, paprika, cayenne, cilantro, garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil and monkfish in a large dish and marinate refrigerated from 1 to 2 hours before cooking. Rub the marinade well into the monkfish loin. Prepare an outdoor barbecue grill with good charcoal briquettes or wood chips stacked against one side of the grill and let them burn until ash white. Brush the eggplant and peppers lightly with the olive oil and place them skinsidedown on the opposite side of the grill  not over direct heat. Roast 4 to 5 minutes on each side until well grilled and cooked. Remove to a warm platter and reserve while grilling the fish. Season the monkfish loins with salt and pepper and grill the fish in the same indirect manner for 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Serve the monkfish by carving into slices and sprinkling with the garnish of rosemary, pine nuts, chili oil and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 pounds whole monkfish loin, 1 tablespoon ground cumin seed whole seed preferred, 1 tablespoon hot hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup fresh cilantro sprigs, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 34 pounds tiny baby eggplant, or purple asian eggplant, cut in half, 4 fresh poblano peppers, quartered and seeded, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and Pepper, 4 sprigs rosemary leaves, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 tablespoons chili oil, 4 limes, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Monkfish Loins with Roasted Eggplant and Poblano Peppers, picturelink: null}, 35172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash and dry the berries hull and cut strawberries into pieces, if using. Spoon a layer of yogurt into 4 individual glass bowls or parfait glasses. Add a layer of berries, and sprinkle with a layer of granola. Repeat the layering once or twice more, depending on the height of the bowl or glass, ending with a layer of granola., ingredients: [2 to 3 cups mixed berries such as blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, 1 quart plain yogurt, Granola], title: YogurtBerry Parfait, picturelink: QSAYlskvzBVolHStxErJHutd3Z9dz3y}, 35173: {instructions: Special equipment: a pizza stone or baking sheetnFor the dough: Stir together the warm water, honey and yeast in a measuring cup or small bowl. Let sit until a small layer of foam develops at the top, 3 to 5 minutes. If this doesnt happen, your yeast is old discard it and try again with new yeast.nCombine the flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and oil to the well and incorporate with a wooden spoon until a sticky dough forms. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a silicone spatula to reincorporate any dough stuck to the sides. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap or a damp kitchen towel and keep in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nKnead the dough on a floured surface just until smooth, a few seconds. Divide the dough into 2 balls, cover with plastic wrap or a damp kitchen towel and let rest on the counter for 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: Put the tomatoes in a small bowl and rinse the can with about 23 cup of water into the bowl.nAdd the oil, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt and crushed red pepper to a large skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until the garlic just starts to turn golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tomato mixture and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the pesto: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the pistachios on a baking sheet and toast, tossing once, until slightly browned and aromatic, about 8 minutes. Let cool, then pulse in a food processor until the texture of coarse sand. Add the arugula, parsley and 14 teaspoon salt and pulse until the mixture is evenly chopped. Drizzle the oil through the feed tube with the machine running until well incorporated.nWhen you are ready to bake the pizza, place a pizza stone in the bottom of the oven and heat it to 450 degrees F. If you do not have a pizza stone, preheat a baking sheet that has been flipped over bottomside up. Cut two 12inch squares of parchment and dust with flour.nOn a floured surface, stretch one ball of dough to a 12inch round, leaving a thick 34inch border on the edge. Slide the dough onto one of the parchment squares, then slide the square onto the back of a baking sheet. Brush the entire round with 12 tablespoon oil. Spread the dough up to the border with half the tomato sauce. Dollop the pizza with half the pesto using a teaspoon. Sprinkle with 13 cup of the mozzarella and a pinch crushed red pepper. Dont worry if it looks like too little cheese. It will melt and spread. Slide the pizza and parchment from the baking sheet onto the hot pizza stone.nBake the pizza until the edges turn golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes, rotating halfway through cooking. Let cool for 2 minutes before slicing. Repeat with the remaining dough and toppings., ingredients: [34 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water 100 to 110 degrees F, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 cups white wholewheat flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, One 14ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons unsalted pistachios, 1 12 cups packed baby arugula, 1 cup packed flatleaf parsley leaves, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup shredded lowfat partskim mozzarella, Crushed red pepper flakes, for sprinkling], title: Healthy WholeWheat Pizza with Arugula Parsley Pesto, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 35174: {instructions: Soak cod in water for 2 to 3 days, refrigerated, changing water every day. In large casserole, heat oil and add onion and celery. Saute until golden brown. Add olives. Add white wine. Reduce by half. Stir in tomatoes and broth. Bring to a boil. Lower to simmer. Add potatoes and cod and cook until cod breaks off with a fork and the potatoes are tender. Taste, add parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve hot.nSalt may not be necessary., ingredients: [4 pounds salt cod cut into 3inch pieces, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 bunch celery, cut into 3inch pieces, 2 cups Gaeta olives, 2 cups white wine, 4 28ounce cans San Marzano tomatoes, 10 cups chicken broth, 8 to 10 potatoes, diced, Parsley leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Baccala in Red Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35175: {instructions: In a small skillet cook onion in 1 tablespoon oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and stir in 1 teaspoon vinegar and 14 teaspoon curry powder. Transfer mixture to a small bowl and stir in peaches and parsley. Pat pork chops dry. In a small dish stir together remaining 34 teaspoon curry powder, salt, and pepper and sprinkle mixture on both sides of pork chops, rubbing it in. In a 9inch heavy nonstick skillet heat remaining 12 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown pork chops about 3 minutes on each side. Pour off any excess fat and reduce heat to moderately low. Add reserved syrup and remaining teaspoon vinegar and simmer, covered, 10 minutes, or until meat is just cooked through. Transfer pork chops to plates and keep warm. Boil pan juices until thickened, about 15 seconds, and spoon over pork chops. Serve pork chops with peaches., ingredients: [1 onion, diced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons plus 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoon curry powder, Brandied peaches recipe follows, drained, reserve syrup, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 1inchthick pork chops], title: Curried Pork Chops with Brandied Peaches, picturelink: null}, 35176: {instructions: Mix all the dry seasonings and butter together, and then add just enough beerwater to create a paste. Rub this paste on venison or other game, using a hearty coating. It is best if the meat can marinate for a few hours before cooking., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons Adams Steak seasoning, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 pinches hot chile flakes, 1 tablespoon course black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, Beer or water your preference], title: Austin, Texas Barbecue Paste, picturelink: null}, 35177: {instructions: With a melon baller, scrape thin slices of coconut from shells until only 14inch rim remains. Use flesh to make coconut stock as described in recipe below. Trim ends of shells so they stand on end.nPreheat broiler. Warm scraped coconut shells in oven. Heat clarified butter in pan. Add garlic, then shrimp. Season with salt and pepper and cook for 3 minutes. Add onion and cook 2 minutes more.nPour off excess butter from pan and add soy sauce. Stir in coconut fat. When melted, add stock and bring to a boil. Add dissolved arrowroot to pan to thicken sauce. Remove from heat and fill warmed coconut shells. Decorate shrimp with remaining coconut shavings and broil for 1 12 minutes. Serve immediately.nPlace coconut shavings in bowl and pour water on top. Cover and set aside for 30 minutes. Strain through cheesecloth and cool. Skim coconut fat and reserve., ingredients: [2 small coconuts, cut in half, milk reserved, Clarified butter, 1 small clove garlic, 1 pound prawns, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 34 cup onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Coconut fat, from surface of coconut milk, about 1ounce, 34 cup cooled Coconut Stock, recipe follows, 1 12 teaspoons arrowroot dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 4 ounces fresh coconut, 2 cups boiling water], title: Kona Coast Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 35178: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet until hot. Add the onion and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes and red pepper flakes and cook until they burst and cook down, about 5 minutes. Stir in the white wine and cook for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook the pasta according to the directions on the box. Drain it about 1 minute less than what is indicated on the box, reserving the pasta water.nAdd the pasta to the tomatoes in the skillet. Toss well. Add a ladleful of the pasta water to loosen it up a bit. Stir in the peas to warm and toss for about a minute more. Stir in the cheese and basil., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound yellow cherry tomatoes, half of them sliced in half, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 1 pound lumaconi pasta, 12 cup frozen organic peas, Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Wine suggestion for this recipe: Pinot Grigio], title: Debis Yellow Tomato Lumaconi, picturelink: null}, 35179: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, coat the cheeses with cornstarch and set aside. Rub the inside of the ceramic fondue pot with the garlic, then discard.nOver medium heat, add the wine and lemon juice and bring to a gentle simmer. Gradually stir the cheese into the simmering liquid. Melting the cheese gradually encourages a smooth fondue. Once smooth, stir in cherry brandy, mustard and nutmeg.nArrange an assortment of bitesized dipping foods on a lazy Susan around fondue pot. Serve with chunks of French and pumpernickel breads. Some other suggestions are Granny Smith apples and blanched vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, carrots and asparagus. Spear with fondue forks or wooden skewers, dip, swirl and enjoy, ingredients: [12 pound imported Swiss cheese, shredded, 12 pound Gruyere cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cherry brandy, such as kirsch, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Pinch nutmeg, Assorted dippers], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: iUIbFrvH5xElQ3MTGJkAI2kiiuZNxOu}, 35180: {instructions: In a large pot, combine beer, onion, cumin, salt, cayenne pepper and green pepper. Add the water, and bring to a boil. Add the meat, lower heat, cover and braise the meat until it is very soft and tenderabout 1 12 to 2 hours, depending on thickness.nDrain the meat well, and grill it over a charcoal fire or under a broiler just to heat it and impart a crispy texture., ingredients: [1 cup beer, 1 cup minced onions, 1 teaspoon powdered cumin, Salt to taste, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup diced green pepper, 23 cup water, 2 pounds lean flank steak], title: Flank Steak Col0mbian Style, picturelink: null}, 35181: {instructions: Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan, covered, over high heat. Stir in the rice, some salt to taste and a bit of black pepper. Cover, lower the heat to mediumlow and boil until the rice is just cooked through, about 15 minutes.nWhen the rice is just about done, beat the eggs with a whisk in a medium bowl. Whisk in the lemon juice.nWhisking constantly, slowly ladle about 2 cups of the hot broth into the eggs. Lower the heat under the remaining broth to low and whisk the egg mixture into the pan. Stir with a wooden spoon until the soup thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Do not let the soup boil.nRemove the soup from the heat and stir in the lemon zest and watercress let sit until the watercress is tender but still vibrant green, 1 to 2 minutes. Ladle into 6 bowls and sprinkle each serving with a bit of black pepper., ingredients: [8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 34 cups mediumgrain rice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, 3 lemons, 1 zested and 3 juiced about 12 cup juice, 2 bunches watercress about 12 ounces, woody stems trimmed, coarsely chopped], title: Watercress Avgolemono Soup, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 35182: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSift both types of flour, the baking powder, and salt together into a mediumsized mixing bowl set aside. In a separate largesized bowl, use an electric mixer to blend the sugar and butter until creamy. Add the eggs and mix until combined. When combined, stop the mixer and add the dry ingredients. Mix at a slow speed until combined. Add the milk, vanilla, orange oil, almond oil, and lemon oil. Stop the mixer and add the soaked raisins, fennel seeds, pignoli, and the lemon and orange peels. Mix until the dough is sticky and moist.nOn a floured counter top, gently shape the dough with your hands and divide it into 4 equal pieces. Form each piece into the shape of a mountain and place the dough mounds onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Place in the oven and bake for about 35 minutes. To test for doneness, insert a wooden skewer into the mounds. If the mounds are done, the wooden skewer should come out clean.nLet the Pandolce cool completely. Wrap each loaf with plastic wrap, taking care to ensure that the wrapping is airtight. Tie each loaf with a ribbon. The flavors will develop with time. The Pandolce can be stored for about 2 months., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup pastry flour, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup butter, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon orange oil, 12 teaspoon almond oil, 12 teaspoon lemon oil, 2 12 cups raisins, presoaked in Marsala wine, 1ounce fennel seeds, 12 cup pignoli pine nuts, 1 cup diced candied lemon peel, 1 cup diced candied orange peel], title: Pandolce Genovese, picturelink: null}, 35183: {instructions: Pour the lemonade mix onto a plate. Using a lemon wedge, rim the edge of a cocktail glass with lemon, then dip the glass into the powdered mix to coat the edge of the glass.nMuddle the lemonade and raspberries in a shaker. Add the vodka, soda and ice and shake. Serve in the lemonade mixrimmed glass., ingredients: [2 tablespoons powdered lemonade mix, 1 lemon wedge, 2 tablespoons lemonade, 6 raspberries, 2 ounces vodka, Splash of lemonlime soda], title: Raspberry Lemon Drop, picturelink: BGbFDl9MTVRnoWa8DkWMcILpg2vQ22C}, 35184: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 500 degrees F.nCut 10 wedges from each potato and place on a baking sheet. Drizzle a couple tablespoons of oil over the potatoes to coat them lightly then season with rosemary, salt and pepper and 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes. Throw a couple of cloves of cracked garlic on the sheet with potatoes. Roast 25 minutes, turning once.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place ground meats in a bowl and add a 2 to 3 cloves of grated garlic, grill seasoning fennel seed, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Worcestershire sauce. Mix the burgers and form 4 patties. Make patties thinner in the center  burgers bulge as they cook. Cook burgers 5 to 6 minutes on each side.nWhile burgers cook, sliced cheese and tomatoes, onions and basil and reserve.nIn a food processor, combine capers, parsley, anchovy paste, lemon zest and olives. Turn processor on and drizzle in 3 to 4 tablespoons oil until a thick paste forms.nMelt cheese on burgers.nToast buns.nPlace burgers on buns and top with tomato, basil, red onions and slather the bun tops with some olive tapenade and serve with oven fries., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes, scrubbed, 13 to 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, divided, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, 12 pound ground sirloin, 12 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 teaspoons fennel seed, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons capers, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, Handful fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 34 cup pitted black or green olives, 4 slices sharp provolone or thinly sliced smoked mozzarella, 4 crusty rolls, such as sesame Keiser rolls, split, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, 10 to 12 basil leaves, torn or shredded, 12 red onion, thinly sliced], title: A Burger for Rachael, picturelink: RXjJ9iLDLRDp16d77VH8pSRZGMpGmu}, 35185: {instructions: For the salad: Whisk the oil, white balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the arugula, radishes and pumpkin seeds. Toss to blend. Arrange the salad on a serving platter.nFor the shrimp: Place the arrowroot in a small bowl. Gradually add the cider vinegar, stirring until the arrowroot dissolves. Mix in the jam, chipotle chile, 14 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of the pepper.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the shrimp. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Toss until almost cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the jam mixture to the skillet. Cook until the mixture is very thick and bubbling, stirring often, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss the shrimp until thickly coated with the glaze. Spoon the shrimp over the salad and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups about 3 ounces baby arugula or 1 small head butter lettuce, coarsely torn, 6 large radishes, very thinly sliced, 14 cup roasted salted pumpkin seeds, 1 teaspoon arrowroot, 1 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 14 cup apricot jam, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound mediumlarge shrimp, shelled and deveined], title: Chipotle Shrimp and Arugula Salad, picturelink: 1kc75QSz0Sor9RG8B1m9F9QVbc3Orvq}, 35186: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan, add the sugar and water. Heat until the sugar dissolves. Chill until ready to use.nIn a small pitcher, mix together the lemon juice and chilled simple syrup. Add the syrup in stages and taste so it is the right amount of sweet and sour for your liking.nTo serve, place ice cubes in a high ball glass. Add a few mint leaves. Pour some bourbon into the glass to your taste. Add lemonade and top with club soda., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 3 cups water, 12 lemons, juiced, Ice, 1 small bunch fresh mint, Bourbon, as needed, Club soda, as needed], title: Spiked Lemonade, picturelink: wnaITWQmdTbkILVQ0h4omFuam0dUBy}, 35187: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace tequila, orange liqueur, cactus pear juice, lime juice, and ice in a blender and blend until smooth. Carefully pour a few ounces of cactus pear juice onto a plate and a few ounces of salt onto another plate. Dip the rim of each margarita glass into the juice and then into the salt. Pour margaritas into each glass and garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [9 ounces white tequila, 4 ounces orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 4 ounces cactus pear juice, plus more for the rim, 2 ounces fresh lime juice, 1 12 cups crushed ice, Coarse salt, optional, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Frozen Cactus Pear Margaritas, picturelink: fI1n6QeeosZR4CkDWJe9YAjhhnoPey}, 35188: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare stuffing mix as directed on package set aside. Combine remaining ingredients spoon into 13x9inch baking dish. Top with stuffing. Bake 40 min. or until chicken is done.nChicken  Green Bean Bake: Omit VELVEETA. Prepare as directed, using STOVE TOP Traditional Sage Stuffing Mix and substituting frozen green beans for the broccoli., ingredients: [1 pkg. 6 oz. STOVE TOP Stuffing Mix for Chicken, 112 lb. boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 pkg. 16 oz. frozen broccoli florets, thawed, drained, 1 can 1034 oz. reducedsodium condensed cream of chicken soup, 12 lb. 8 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12], title: Cheesy Chicken and Broccoli Bake, picturelink: null}, 35189: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace potatoes and rosemary in a microwaveable dish. Cover with a damp paper towel and microwave for 2 minutes, until almost cooked through.nCover the bottom of the premade pie shell with potatoes, ham, and cheese. Place on a cookie sheet and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, and seasoning and pour into the pie shell.nPlace quiche into preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until eggs have set., ingredients: [2 red potatoes, cubed, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, 1 cup cubed ham, 1 8 or 9inch premade pie shell in foil pan, 1 cup shredded Colby and Monterey jack cheese blend recommended: Kraft, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon allpurpose seasoning recommended: McCormick], title: Ham and Cheese Quiche, picturelink: 5vPO9V.Y4E93wOZAq5nhvsPQ.ZmZJ.W}, 35190: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 300 degrees F.nSprinkle the ribs with salt and pepper and place them meatyside up on an aluminum foillined rimmed baking sheet or shallow baking dish. Roast for 30 minutes and then drain off any accumulated fat from the baking sheet. Turn the ribs over and increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Return them to the oven for an additional 30 minutes.nWhile the ribs cook, make the glaze. Drain the aji panca and place it in a blender along with the tamarind paste, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, orange juice and garlic. Puree to make a thick paste, scraping the jar as necessary. Set aside 14 of the glaze for serving.nAfter the ribs have cooked at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes, begin basting them with the glaze every 15 minutes until the ribs are tender, about 1 hour, turning the ribs meaty side up again after 30 minutes. Remove the ribs from the oven, brush with the reserved glaze and serve., ingredients: [2 racks pork baby back ribs about 2 pounds each, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 aji panca, seeded, ribbed, and soaked in hot water, or 1 fresh poblano pepper, roasted under the broiler on all sides until charred, cooled, skin peeled away, seeded and ribbed, 12 cup tamarind paste, 2 tablespoons light or dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup lemon juice about 1 lemon, 12 cup fresh orange juice about 12 orange, 4 garlic cloves, roughly chopped], title: Tamarind Glazed Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 35191: {instructions: Spray two 9x13inch baking pans with cooking spray. Place French toast pieces evenly in the bottoms of prepared pans set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, 1 cup of the maple syrup, and the pumpkin pie spice until well combined. Pour evenly over French toast slices in each pan. Cover with plastic wrap let sit for 1 hour, occasionally pushing French toast down into mixture.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove plastic wrap and place pans in oven. Bake about 1 hour or until golden brown.nIn a small saucepan, heat the remaining 1 cup maple syrup, the marmalade, and sliced banana over mediumlow heat until heated through. Serve warm over French toast., ingredients: [2 boxes 12.5 ounces each frozen cinnamonswirl French toast, Krusteaz, 4 eggs, 3 cups milk, 2 cups pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, McCormick, 13 cup marmalade, Smuckers, 1 banana, sliced], title: French Toast Casserole with Marmalade Syrup, picturelink: sAEkoT.Q7hBEEo2bUNzQnsPPOhwgfm}, 35192: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Mix the yogurt, garlic and cilantro in a small bowl set aside.nToss the onion rings with the olive oil and a pinch of salt. Sprinkle the steak with 12 teaspoon salt. Lightly brush the grill with olive oil and grill the onion and steak, turning once, until the onion is charred and the steak is cooked to medium rare, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nMake the slaw: Put the carrots and bell pepper in a medium bowl and toss with the jalapeno, lime juice and 14 teaspoon salt.nWrap the tortillas in a damp paper towel, then in plastic wrap microwave until warm, 1 minute. Thinly slice the steak against the grain. Divide the steak and onion among the tortillas top with the slaw, yogurt sauce and more cilantro. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [12 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for topping, 1 large white onion, cut into rings, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt, 1 pound sirloin steak, 4 medium carrots, shredded, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded and grated, 1 to 2 teaspoons minced jalapeno pepper seeded for less heat, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving, 12 corn tortillas], title: Carne Asada Tacos With CarrotPepper Slaw, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 35193: {instructions: Special equipment: Lollipop sticksnPlace the sugar, vinegar and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean. Pour the cooked sugar onto 3 or 4 silicone baking mats. If you want to color andor flavor the sugar with food colors andor flavored oils, this is the time to do so. Add a few drops of flavor and color to the sugar. Mix with a wooden skewer. To get started, push the sugar from the sides toward the center. This process takes a little while. Try to keep the sugar divided by color. Use the mat to push the firm sugar around the edges toward the center, using a folding motion. When it has just cooled enough to handle, pick up the sugar with your hands. Place each color under the heat of a sugar lamp.nPull the sugar until it becomes glossy and the color is evenly distributed. You will need to pull the colors simultaneously. Keep them under the sugar lamp but keep an eye on them. The lamp can melt the sugar so it is important keep rotating it and folding it onto itself.nPull a walnutsized piece from the sugar and form it into a small ball. Use your palm to press the ball flat. Shape it into a circle or oval. Insert the lollipop stick. Set the lollipop on the silicone baking mat it will stick if you place it directly on your work surface. Pull and cut small pieces of sugar and form them into the eyes, mouth, nose, eyebrows or whatever feature you desire. Stick the pieces directly onto the lollipop. The sugar will be hot enough to adhere. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 5 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon vinegar, Flavored oil, assorted flavors, Food coloring paste, assorted colors], title: Pulled Sugar Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 35194: {instructions: For the stuffing:nIn a bowl, mix the carrots, leeks, celery root, celery leaves, parsley, chives, and chervil.nCut or lamb roast and lay flat. Stuff the lamb shoulder, spreading the herb stuffing over the surface, leaving a 1inch border. Season the herb mixture with salt and pepper. Roll the lamb up, tie it up with string at 1inch intervals, brush it with olive oil and season the meat with salt and pepper. With a sharp knife, make small incisions in the meat and insert the halved garlic cloves.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large ovenproof heavy skillet, heat the canola oil on high. Add the lamb shoulder to the skillet and sear on all faces until browned, about 10 minutes. Add the veal stock and garlic head. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and put in the oven for about 2 12 hours for medium, or using a meat thermometer until it reads 165 degrees F for medium or 170 degrees F for well done.nRemove the lamb shoulder from the skillet and keep warm. Mash the roasted garlic in the sauce. Strain over a mediumsize stockpot and cook until reduced by half. Whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nSlice the lamb shoulder and serve with the roasted garlic sauce and hash browns., ingredients: [Stuffing, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 leek, finely chopped, 12 celery root, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup celery leaves, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil, 3 cloves garlic, cut in half, 4 cups veal stock, 1 head garlic, cut in half, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, for finishing sauce, Lamb, 1 4pound boneless lamb shoulder, Canola oil, for searing lamb, Special equipment: butchers string], title: Stuffed Lamb Shoulder with Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35195: {instructions: Whisk together the orange juice, lemon juice, olive oil, tarragon, mustard and salt in a large bowl. Add the apple, fennel and watercress and toss until well mixed., ingredients: [2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon countrystyle Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 Granny Smith apple, thinly sliced, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems removed], title: Crunchy Fennel and Green Apple Salad, picturelink: null}, 35196: {instructions: Beat 4 ounces softened cream cheese and 14 cup mayonnaise with a mixer until combined. Add 8 ounces grated sharp white cheddar and 1 teaspoon garlic powder and mix until combined. Gently stir in 1 diced roasted red pepper. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Pimiento Cheese, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 35197: {instructions: Season the chicken pieces with salt, pepper and the dry oregano. In a large straightsided saute pan or chicken fryer heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the chicken to the hot oil and brown all sides well. While the chicken is cooking drain the peppers, cut them into quarters, and discard the stem and seeds. In a separate saucepan heat the broth and keep warm. Drain, carefully, all but 2 tablespoons of fat from the chicken and add the onions. Cook the onions to golden brown. Add the peppers to the onions and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes over medium heat. Add the broth and tomato and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cover the pan. Braise the chicken, onions and peppers for 25 to 30 minutes or until the chicken is fully cooked. Just before serving, bring 4 quarts of water to a boil, add 1 tablespoon of salt, and cook the noodles until tender. Drain the noodles, toss with butter and place on a large platter. Serve the chicken over the noodles and sprinkle freshly chopped parsley over the top., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut into 18s, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons dry oregano, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cup, 6 to 8 pickled hot red and green cherry peppers, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup hot beef broth, chicken broth or water, 12 cup fresh plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 cups egg noodles, 4 tablespoons melted butter, Chopped Italian parsley], title: Pan Braised Chicken and Hot Cherry Peppers, picturelink: null}, 35198: {instructions: In a stock pot bring water, white wine, and Cajun seasoning to a boil. Add shrimp to liquid reduce to simmer and cook until shrimp turns pink, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit in liquid 3 more minutes, then drain. Can be served warm or chilled., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 2 cups white wine, 5 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 3 pounds 1620 count per pound fresh shrimp, shell on], title: Poached Cajun Shrimp, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 35199: {instructions: Place beans in a saucepan and cover with a generous quantity of water. Bring to a boil and cook, uncovered, until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, melt butter in a heavy bottomed stockpot, add onions and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Add dry spices and fry gently until aromas are released.nDrain excess water off beans and add to stockpot, along with salt and stock or water. Cook gently over low heat until flavors are combined, about 20 minutes. Add tomatoes, brown sugar, and oregano, and cook an additional 10 minutes. Serve hot garnished with plain yogurt., ingredients: [3 cups dried blackeyed peas, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter or vegetable oil, 3 onions, diced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 to 8 cups chicken stock or water, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 bunch oregano leaves, roughly chopped, Plain yoghurt, for garnish], title: BlackEyed Pea Soup, picturelink: null}, 35200: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a medium skillet, over mediumhigh heat until just crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Discard all but 2 tablespoons of the fat in the pan. Add 2 tablespoons butter, the mushrooms and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring over medium heat, until the mushroom juices evaporate, about 7 to 10 minutes. Add the shallots and cook until tender and mushrooms are golden, about 3 minutes more. Add the garlic and parsley. Remove from heat, cool slightly.nBrush a 9inch glass or ceramic pie pan with the remaining butter and sprinkle evenly with the grated Parmesan. Place pan on a baking sheet. Scatter half the Gruyere into the pan and crumble the bacon on top. Add 34 of the mushrooms, then the remaining cheese.nWhisk the halfandhalf, eggs and yolks in large glass measuring cup. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste. Pour the custard over the fillings. Top with remaining mushroom mixture and sprinkle with chives.nBake until the quiche is just set in the center, about 40 to 50 minutes. Cool completely on a rack before serving., ingredients: [8 thin slices bacon, about 6 ounces, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound cremini mushrooms or a combination of cultivated and wild mushrooms, trimmed, cleaned, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 6 medium shallots, finely chopped, about 12 cup, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, Freshly ground black pepper, Generous pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 4 ounces grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese, about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives], title: Cremini Mushroom, Bacon, and Shallot Crustless Quiche, picturelink: HXU6558RoZyWH79c4CxQWjhzwU7FAPu}, 35201: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan or a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat or, preheat outdoor grill.nCombine the meat with onion, Worcestershire and steak seasoning or salt and pepper. Form 2inch meatballs, then flatten them into patties. Drizzle formed mini patties with extravirgin olive oil to keep them from sticking to cooking surface.nSlice the brick of cheese into 14inch pieces. Place patties into a preheated pan or grill pan or arrange on outdoor grill. Cook the mini burgers for 3 minutes on each side then add cheese to melt over patties. On outdoor grill, close the lid to melt cheese. In a skillet or on a grill pan, tent the mini cheeseburgers loosely with foil to melt cheese.nCoarsely chop romaine and combine with sliced pickles and halved cherry or grape tomatoes.nWhisk together the mustard and cider vinegar. Stream in the extravirgin olive oil. Add the chopped chives and pimentos, stir to combinenArrange mini cheeseburgers on salad and drizzle prepared yellow mustard over the completed dish., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground sirloin or ground turkey, 14 cup finely chopped onion, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons steak seasoning blend or coarse salt and ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 34 pound brick sharp Cheddar recommended: Cabot brand or Cracker Barrel brand , 3 large hearts romaine lettuce, 1 cup sliced pickles, drained u2013 choose from sweet, halfsour or dill varieties, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard recommended: Frenchs brand, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 2 tablespoons drained salad pimentos or, 14 small red bell pepper, finely chopped], title: Mini Cheeseburger Salad with Yellow Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: Eq1dZ.ERtXyxXqeyiQrtwBVCUXCaY6}, 35202: {instructions: For the pancake batter: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F place a dinner plate in the oven.nWhisk together the water, milk, eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and 14 cup melted butter in a large bowl until completely smooth. Do not overmix.nBrush the surface of a nonstick pan set over medium heat with some of the remaining melted butter. Spoon 13 cup of the batter into the pan and tilt the pan so the pancake is thin and about 6 inches in diameter. Flip once it looks crispy on the edges and air holes appear in the center. Cook another minute until cooked through. Remove the pancake to the plate in the oven to keep warm. Continue making pancakes until all the batter is gone, brushing the pan with butter as needed. Pile the pancakes one on top of the other in an organized stack as you go. You should have about 10 total.nFor the sparkling strawberries: In a medium bowl, combine the strawberries and sugar and gently toss to coat. Pour the sparkling wine over the strawberries and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes in the refrigerator. Serve over the pancakes., ingredients: [34 cup water, 12 cup milk, 2 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup butter, melted, plus 3 tablespoons melted butter, for brushing the pangriddle, 1 pint strawberries, quartered, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup chilled sparkling wine or cider], title: Pancake Cake with Sparkling Strawberries, picturelink: EEYkgPFI3Ft7Vhsdn2iLLz3wkTycF7e}, 35203: {instructions: To a large pitcher, add the juices and stir to combine. Pour the juice into 7 icefilled glasses and top off with club soda., ingredients: [2 cups white grape juice, 2 cups apple juice, 1 cup passion fruit juice, Ice, 1 liter club soda, for serving], title: Tropical Passion Mocktail, picturelink: ahf6rXfQqvk4dToM4aG8IuoBcr3FamK}, 35204: {instructions: In a liquid measuring cup whisk in order, starting with the honey, molasses, 1 teaspoon salt, sugar, pomegranate juice, and wine. Cooks Note: Starting with the sticky ingredients then adding the liquid makes it easier to blend.nPour half of the mixture into a large resealable plastic bag. Add to the bag the peppercorns, vegetable oil, and steak. Seal and massage the steak a bit before letting it rest at room temperature for 1 hour. If you need more time than that, refrigerate it, but make sure to bring it to room temperature before you grill it.nPour the rest of the marinade, onions, and garlic into a small saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil then cover and lower to a simmer until the liquid reduces and thickens, about 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside.nHeat the grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nRemove the steak from the plastic bag and gently pat dry. Discard the marinade from the plastic bag. Season the steak on both sides with a sprinkle of salt. Place on the grill, its totally okay if a few peppercorns from the marinade hang on for dear life and go for a ride on the grill with the steak.nCook until the steak easily releases from the grill, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook the second side for 5 minutes more for medium rare, which is best for this cut. Remove from the grill to a plate, cover with aluminum foil and let the steak rest 10 minutes, allowing the juices to redistribute before you slice it. Make notice of the direction the muscles in the steak are traveling and make sure to cut across or perpendicular to that direction to achieve the most tender results. Place the slices of steak in a serving dish and pour the glaze and onions over the top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons molasses, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups pomegranate juice, 1 cup Merlot wine, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 1 pound, 6ounce hanger steak, 8 to 10 cipollini onions, peeled and ends trimmed, 3 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Red Wine and Pomegranate Hanger Steak with Cipollini Onions, picturelink: 3qeNYgL5aylbXW.s0V5h5O5jEMmqe}, 35205: {instructions: Special equipment: two 9 by 5inch loaf pansnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9by5inch loaf pans. In large bowl beat together the eggs, oil, sugar and vanilla. Slowly add zucchini. Add lemon zest and mix thoroughly.nIn a separate large bowl combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Slowly add zucchini mixture until completely combined. Divide the batter between the prepared loaf pans. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean and the sides have started to brown, about 45 minutes. Let cool on a rack 15 minutes. Unmold and serve warm or at room temperature sliced with the Lemon Honey Butter.nIn a small bowl, combine the butter, honey and lemon zest and mix together well., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 1 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the pans, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups shredded zucchini from about 1 medium zucchini, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 2 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Honey Lemon Butter, recipe follows, 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest], title: Zucchini Bread with Lemon Honey Butter, picturelink: 4yVku3elv5UBDnvale6eM6DTowUlexy}, 35206: {instructions: In a shaker with ice, combine the vodka, tropical punch, triple sec and lime juice and shake until chilled. Pour into a martini glass and garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, 1 12 ounces tropical punch or cranberry juice, such as Adam and Eve, 1 ounce triple sec, Juice of 12 lime, plus 1 lime wedge, for garnish], title: Cosmo, picturelink: BGbFDl9MTVRnoWa8DkWMcILpg2vQ22C}, 35207: {instructions: For the marinade: Mix together the ingredients for the marinade in a large bowl, then add the beef and stir to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside for 20 minutes to marinate, then remove from the marinade reserving it and dust with the cornstarch.nFor the stirfry: Heat a wok over high heat, and when it starts to smoke, add half the peanut oil. Add the ginger and stirfry for a second or so, then add the vegetable mixture and toss together in the wok. Add a drop of water to create a little steam for cooking the vegetables. Cook for 1 minute and transfer to a plate. Place the wok back over the heat and add the remaining peanut oil, followed by the beef. Let the meat settle for a few seconds, then stir in the wok for 12 minutes. Add the stirfried vegetables and toss together with the beef. Season with additional light soy sauce, then transfer to a serving plate and eat immediately., ingredients: [9 oz beef sirloin, fat removed and meat cut into 14inch slices, 1 tbsp of cornstarch, 2 tbsps of peanut oil, 1inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 11 oz mixture of sliced snow peas, broccoli, sugar snap peas, baby bok choy, red cabbage, ribbons of carrot, and baby scallions, Dash of light soy sauce or to taste, 1 tbsp of dark soy sauce, 1 tbsp of light soy sauce, 1 tbsp of Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 2 pinches of ground black pepper], title: Black Pepper Beef and StirFry, picturelink: null}, 35208: {instructions: Combine milk, sugar and chips in a 4 cup glass measure. Cover at 100 percent for 3 minutes, stirring twice. Sift together cornstarch and cocoa powder. Stir in water to make a smooth mixture. Add to chocolate mixture. Whisk in egg and yolks. Cook for 2 minutes, stir well and cook for another 2 minutes. Pour mixture into food processor and add butter and vanilla. Process until smooth. Pour into four individual cups and chill., ingredients: [1 cups milk, 14 cup sugar, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon water, 1 egg, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla], title: Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 35209: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a rimmed 10by15inch baking sheet with cooking spray, then line with parchment paper spray the parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, whisk to combine the cake flour, baking powder and 14 teaspoon of the salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar until the mixture is light and forms thick ribbons when the whisk is pulled away. Whisk in the 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. With a rubber spatula, fold in the flour mixture until completely combined.nUsing a handheld mixer or stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes on mediumhigh speed. Gently fold the egg whites into the batter until completely combined.nPour the batter onto the prepared baking sheet and spread with an offset spatula or spoon to evenly cover the parchment. Bake until the cake is springy when touched, about 10 minutes.nDust a clean kitchen towel with the 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, turn the cake out onto the towel, and roll into a log. Let cool.nWhip the cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon vanilla into stiff peaks. Set aside for the filling and topping.nTo assemble, unroll the cake and spread the strawberry jam to cover the cake. Top with some of the whipped cream mixture, and then roll the cake into a log. Transfer to a serving plate, seamside down, and top with the remaining whipped cream. Garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 large eggs, separated, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, plus 14 teaspoon, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, plus 14 cup, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups strawberry jam, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Strawberry Jelly Roll, picturelink: MIA4X.bguJKoGRdEIrhXoDl0SF2zce}, 35210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 parfait glassesnFor the pumpkin granola: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a half sheet pan with parchment paper and lightly spray with nonstick spray set aside.nPut the oats, seeds and nuts in a large bowl. Combine the pumpkin puree, sugar, maple syrup, oil and pumpkin pie spice in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat and let it cook for 1 minute longer, whisking occasionally. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract.nPour the wet ingredients over the oat mixture and stir until the oats are fully coated. The mixture will be pretty wet. Evenly spread the mixture, in a single layer, onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, then stir and bake for an additional 1520 minutes or until the granola is golden brown and crisp. Cool on a baking rack. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the cranberries, if using. Store leftovers in an airtight container in a cool, dark, place, for up to 1 week.nFor the orange cranberry jam: Combine the orange juice and zest, and the sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the sugar has melted. Add the cranberries, reduce the heat so the mixture simmers, and cook until the cranberries pop and the mixture thickens slightly it will thicken much more as it cools, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Makes about 2 cups store leftovers in the refrigerator, covered, for 2 weeks.nFor the maple yogurt: Whisk together the yogurt and 2 tablespoons maple syrup until smooth taste, and add more maple syrup if youd like it sweeter. Chill.nTo assemble the parfaits: Dollop 14 cup maple yogurt in the bottoms of 4 parfait glasses. Follow that with about 14 cup of pumpkin granola, another 14 cup of yogurt, about 2 tablespoons of orange cranberry jam, then a little more yogurt and a few more tablespoons of granola. Drizzle over some Pumpkin Spice Syrup, if using. Serve.nCombine the pumpkin puree and pumpkin pie spice in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until the mixture thickens slightly and the spices become fragrant, about 3 minutes.nCombine 2 cups cold water and the granulated and brown sugars in a medium saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture thickens and reduces slightly, about 5 minutes.nReduce the heat to low, whisk in the spiced pumpkin puree and cook, stirring occasionally for 10 minutes. Do not allow the mixture to boil after you add the pumpkin or the syrup will become cloudy even after straining. Remove from the heat and let the mixture cool for 10 minutes.nPlace a mesh strainer over a medium bowl and line the strainer with several layers of cheesecloth. Pour the mixture through the strainer and let it strain slowly into the bowl. Add the vanilla extract to the syrup and transfer to a container with a tight fitting lid. The syrup will last 1 month stored in the refrigerator. Makes about 1 12 cups leftovers can be refrigerated for 1 week., ingredients: [2 12 cups rolled oats, 13 cup pumpkin seeds, 13 cup chopped pecans, almonds or walnuts, 13 cup pumpkin puree, 13 cup light brown muscovado sugar, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup dried cranberries, optional, Zest of 1 orange, grated, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup sugar, One 12ounce bag fresh cranberries, 2 14 cups Greek yogurt, 14 cup grade B pure maple syrup, 14 cup Pumpkin Spice Syrup, recipe follows, optional, 13 cup pumpkin puree, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Pumpkin Granola and OrangeCranberry Jam with Maple Yogurt Parfaits, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 35211: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a ceramic fondue pot over low heat. Stir constantly until the mixture is melted and smooth. Do not allow to bubble. Arrange an assortment of bitesized dipping foods on a lazy Susan around fondue pot. Some suggestions are strawberries, bananas, apples, grapes, cherries, pound cake, marshmallows, raisins and shelled nuts. Spear with fondue forks or wooden skewers, dip, swirl and enjoy, ingredients: [16 ounces chocolate milk, dark or semisweet, broken in pieces, 12 pint whipping cream, 12 cup caramel topping, 3 tablespoons Torani hazelnut syrup or favorite liqueur], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 35212: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl. Set aside.nBeat the butter and sugars in a large bowl using an electric mixer until well combined, about 3 minutes. Add the tahini, vanilla and egg and beat until light, about 3 minutes. Stir in the flour. Form the dough into two 12inch logs that are 1 12 to 2 inches in diameter, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until very firm, 4 hours and up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line two or three baking sheets with parchment paper.nRemove one log of dough from the refrigerator and slice into 14 inchthick slices. Place the sesame seeds on a plate. Coat the cookies in sesame seeds by pressing them lightly into the seeds, and place them on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until lightly golden around the edges, about 12 minutes, rotating the baking sheets top to bottom and front to back halfway through cooking. Cool the cookies on the baking sheet for 10 minutes, and then transfer to a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining log.nFrom Food Network Kitchen, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup tahini ground sesame paste, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 12 cup sesame seeds, white, black or a combination of both], title: Chinese Sesame Cookies, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 35213: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the garlic and crushed red pepper flakes, and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and reduce until the alcohol smell is no longer present and the sauce is a nice golden color, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the shrimp, lemon zest and parsley sprinkle with salt and pepper and set aside.nRoll out the dough into a 20by14inch rectangle on a lightly floured work surface. Working from the shorter end of the dough, distribute the mozzarella over half of the dough, leaving a 1inch border on the sides. Evenly distribute the shrimp and sauce over the cheese. Working from the shorter end, tightly roll the dough up, jelly rollstyle, into a log. Pinch the open seams together to seal, then tuck them underneath the log.nTransfer the log to the prepared baking sheet, and brush with the beaten egg. Bake until the bread is golden brown and the shrimp are cooked through, 40 to 45 minutes. The filling may leak out on the side.nLet the bread cool for at least 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Halve the bread lengthwise, cut each half crosswise into 4 equal pieces and serve warm., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup white wine, 34 pound medium peeled and deveined shrimp, halved lengthwise and crosswise, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 12 pounds refrigerated pizza dough see Cooks Note, 3 cups grated mozzarella 12 ounces, 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash], title: Shrimp Scampi Garbage Bread, picturelink: null}, 35214: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine creminis, portobellos, chanterelles, shiitakes, mushroom crust, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, salt, pepper, and herbs. Toss to coat. Arrange mushrooms on cedar plank. Transfer to oven. Bake until edges are golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Garnish with thyme, rosemary, and sage, and slice of lemon.nCombine dried mushrooms in a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. Add salt, pepper, thyme, and lemon zest. Pulse until fine. Transfer to a small airtight container. Keeps up to 1 month. Yield:about 12 cup, ingredients: [6 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved lengthwise, 4 ounces portobello mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 ounces chanterelles, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 ounces shiitakes, stemmed and halved, 1 12 teaspoons Mushroom Crust, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 12 small clove garlic, minced, 18 teaspoon coarse salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon thyme, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon rosemary, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon sage, finely chopped, 1 sprig thyme, for garnish, 1 sprig sage, for garnish, 1 sprig rosemary, for garnish, 1 12inchthick slice lemon, for garnish, 3 tablespoons dried porcini mushrooms, 3 tablespoons dried morel mushrooms, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped lemon zest], title: Cedar Plank Roasted Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 35215: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and then add the lobster meat and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the lobster base and cook for 1 minute. Add sherry, and stir to deglaze the pan. Add the heavy cream and cook until heated through., ingredients: [2 teaspoons butter, 1 pound Maine lobster meat, 1 teaspoon lobster base, Splash sherry, for deglazing pan, 1 quart heavy cream], title: Lobster Stew, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 35216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor Syrup: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and lemon juice in a 4quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 12 cups, approximately 50 minutes. It should be the consistency of syrup. Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the saucepan for 30 minutes. Transfer to a glass jar and allow to cool completely before covering and storing in the refrigerator for up to 6 months.nFor Molasses: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and lemon juice in a 4quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 cup, approximately 70 minutes. It should be the consistency of thick syrup. Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the saucepan for 30 minutes. Transfer to a glass jar and allow to cool completely before covering and storing in the refrigerator for up to 6 months., ingredients: [4 cups pomegranate juice, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Pomegranate Syrup or Molasses, picturelink: 9wIzdSbI6vqS.KB45ctcEYRq5RQ2yIe}, 35217: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, add the butter, sugar and orange zest and beat until smooth, 5 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, dry ginger, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, cloves and salt. Whisk to blend. Set aside.nIn another bowl, whisk together the eggs, molasses and lemon juice.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the butter and sugar are integrated, lower the speed of the mixer and add the dry ingredients. Add the egg mixture and when blended, remove the bowl from the machine. Divide the cookie dough in half. Press the first half of the dough in between 2 sheets of waxed paper or plastic wrap and chill for 15 minutes. Repeat with the second half. This step will make it easier to finish rolling out the dough when it has chilled. It will also mean you only have half of the dough getting warm as you roll it.nLightly flour a flat surface. Use a floured rolling pin to gently roll the first half of the dough about 12inch thick. Lightly flour the cookie cutters and cut the shapes, making as few scraps as possible. Use a metal spatula to gently transfer them, cookie by cookie, the cookies should be similar size to a baking sheet. Repeat with the other half of the dough and transfer them to another baking sheet. A note about crowding the trays: these particular cookies can spread a little. Leave room between the cookies. Better to use 3 baking sheets with fewer cookies than to crowd them on 2 trays. Bake until brown around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes.nGot scraps Form the scraps into a ball, press it flat and chill in the refrigerator. These cookies may be a little more tough because the dough will have been worked a little more than the others.nWhy not have a little frosting on your gingerbreadnIn a medium bowl add all of the ingredients and whisk together to combine. If too thick in consistency, add a touch more orange juice or water to thin out.nUse a pastry bag fitted with a star tip to pipe the frosting between 2 of the gingerbread cookies. Press the 2 cookies halves gently together.nThe Variation:nI love springerle, the German aniseflavored cookies, for the delicate molds and carved rolling pins used to make them. I have made this recipe with springerle molds with stunning results. The kind of cookies that make people marvel at how great they look before they eat a half a plate of them Simply dust the decorative molds or rolling pin with flour, shaking lightly to remove any excess. Roll the dough very thin between 12 and 14inch thick. Press or roll the dough into the molds and trace the shapes with a sharp knife to extract the cookies. Arrange them on a greased baking sheet with some space between them and bake for 6 to 8 minutes. Not using molds Scoop the batter in teaspoons and roll them into balls. Press the balls onto a greased baking sheet or press with the tines of a fork to make ridges. Bake until brown around the edges, about 10 to 12 minutes.nThese cookies are so beautiful, they can stand alone. Or...make gingerbread sandwiches using the above frosting as the filling..., ingredients: [1 12 sticks lightly salted butter, softened, 1 23 cups sugar, 1 orange, zested, The dry ingredients:, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup additional for rolling, if needed, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon ground dry ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 eggs, 12 cup dark molasses, 1 lemon, juiced, Easy Orange Frosting, recipe follows, 1 cup powdered sugar, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 1 to 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 teaspoon orange liqueur, 14 teaspoon light corn syrup], title: Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 35218: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Mix with a wire whisk until smooth. Place in 2 plastic containers and refrigerate., ingredients: [4 cups black beans, drained, 1 cup tahini, 34 cup lemon juice, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper], title: Black Bean Hummus, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 35219: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut potatoes in a large pot and fill with water until potatoes are just covered. Add the 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil and cook until potatoes are very soft, about 40 minutes.nPress potatoes through a potato ricer or pulse in a bowl with an immersion hand blender until they are mashed. Let sit for a few minutes until just cool enough to handle.nCut the white cheese in 12inch cubes.nPrepare a baking sheet with foil wrap and coat with vegetable spray or rub with oil.nPut bread crumbs in a small bowl.nWhile mashed potatoes are still warm, form into 2inch balls and insert 1 cheese cube in center, then roll into bread crumbs and place on cookie sheet. Wash hands and dry after every third ball so the potatoes will form evenly and not stick to the bread crumbs in your hand. Quantity should make about 10 balls.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, serve immediately., ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes, peeled, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 ounces Oaxaca or any other soft white cheese, cubed, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, Salt and pepper], title: Snowball Potatoes, picturelink: 4HkaOhjR2QCXj1WL1SLcyqoCb1mlCY6}, 35220: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper set aside.nRoll out each puff pastry sheet to a 12 by 14inch rectangle. Place on the baking sheet and fold over the edges of each pastry to form a 12inch border. Prick the bottom of pastry with a fork set aside.nArrange tomatoes, artichoke hearts, and cheeses on puff pastry. Sprinkle with Italian seasoning.nBake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until edges are puffed and golden brown.nCut into serving potions and serve hot., ingredients: [12 17.3ounce box puff pastry sheet, thawed recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 13 cup about 5 oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained and julienned, patted dry, 1 jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and patted dry recommended: Cara Mia, 12 cup fresh mozzarella, torn into small pieces, 12 cup goat cheese crumbles, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning recommended: McCormick], title: Tomato and Artichoke Tart, picturelink: G5rIVQyyOxhB9DPxNGqWs8mO2qN0hy}, 35221: {instructions: To make the Brisket: preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFill a small saucepan with water, and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the garlic, bring back to a boil, and cook rapidly until slightly softened, about 1 minute. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the garlic to a bowl of ice water. Peel when cool enough to handle.nCombine the flour, salt, and pepper in a large shallow dish or large platter. Add the brisket and turn to coat on all sides. Shake off the excess. Heat the oil in a large covered casserole or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add the brisket and cook, turning often, until well browned, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate or platter and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Stir in the onions and the peeled garlic. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring often, until golden, about 10 minutes. Pour in the wine and stir to pick up any browned bits on the bottom of the casserole. Stir in the tomato paste and add the bay leaves and thyme. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Cook rapidly, stirring often, until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Pour in the stock and bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and add the brisket. Cover tightly with a piece of foil, then cover the pot with the lid. Transfer to the lower third of the oven and cook until a fork comes out easily when pierced, 3 to 4 hours.nTo make the Horseradish Sauce: mix the horseradish, vinegar, mayonnaise, chives, and lemon juice in a small bowl. Stir well to blend and season with salt and pepper. You should have about 1 cup. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve.nTo make the Disks: whisk the stock, eggs, and margarine together in a small bowl. Stir in the salt and matzo meal to form a soft dough. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until wellchilled, about 1 hour. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Working with 1 tablespoon of dough at a time, use wet hands to form the dough into disks about 1 12 inches wide and 12inch thick. You should have about 18 disks. Drop them into the boiling water and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cover and simmer until the disks are puffy and cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes.nTransfer the brisket from the casserole to a cutting surface and cover loosely with foil. Let rest for 15 minutes. Gently skim the surface of the liquid in the casserole with a spoon to remove as much fat as possible. Remove and discard the bay leaves. Add the disks to the cooking liquid and cook on top of the stove over medium heat, covered, until theyve turned dark and absorbed some of the sauce, about 10 minutes.nThinly slice the brisket on an angle, cutting against the grain. Arrange the slices on a warmed serving platter or plate and spoon on some of the horseradish cream. Place the disks on the side and ladle on the pan gravy. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 large head garlic, separated into cloves, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 to 5pound beef brisket, preferably the 2nd cut also called the point cut, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 3 cups dry red wine kosher, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 dried bay leaves, preferably Turkish, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 quart chicken stock, preferably homemade, 12 cup finely grated fresh or drained prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon snipped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 4 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons pareve margarine, melted, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup matzo meal], title: RedWine Braised Beef Brisket with Horseradish Sauce and Aunt Rifkas Flying Disks, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 35222: {instructions: In a large bowl, fold the ingredients gently together until they are mixed. Let stand for 30 minutes and then serve., ingredients: [4 to 6 plum tomatoes, diced, 14 cup diced onion, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon seeded and minced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Da Kine Diegos Shaka Salsa, picturelink: null}, 35223: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the raspberries, basil, lemons and simple syrup in a small pitcher and muddle until the raspberries are mashed. Add the Limoncello and vodka. Let chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nPut crushed ice into rocks glasses and add some of the raspberry mixture. Fill to the top with sparkling wine. Garnish with lemon and raspberries and basil sprigs if desired., ingredients: [1 pint fresh raspberries, plus more for garnish, 12 fresh basil leaves, roughly torn, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 lemon, cut into sixths, plus wheels for garnish, 14 cup simple syrup, chilled more if you prefer the cocktail a little sweeter, 2 ounces Limoncello, 4 ounces citron vodka, Crushed ice, Sparkling rose wine, chilled], title: Raspberry Basil Limoncello Cocktail, picturelink: 2rw5uYlnreb8BsLWyPPdcnK3pHG5as.}, 35224: {instructions: Lightly mix 6 ounces ground beef chuck with a big pinch of kosher salt. Form into two equal balls, and then shape into two flat patties. Lay two slices American cheese between them and form the meat around the cheese make an indentation in the center of the patty. Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat sprinkle the skillet with salt. Cook the burger 4 to 5 minutes per side. Serve on a soft bun., ingredients: [], title: Juicy Lucy, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 35225: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the fig jam and the white wine into a medium saucepot. Stir to combined. Cook over mediumlow heat until thicken, about 5 minutes.nWhile the glaze is reducing, score the ham. Slice ham diagonally approximately 12 an inch deep. From left to right and then right to left, making diamonds on top of the ham.nPress a clove into the center of each diamond.nPlace ham in roasting pan, on cooking rack. Bake for 1 hour.nReserve half of the glaze and set aside. To the remaining half add the dried dates, apricots, golden raisins and the mustard. Simmer and rehydrate the dried fruit for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Reheat just before serving with ham.nRemove ham from oven. Apply the reserved glaze liberally to ham, return to oven and bake for another 30 minutes or until the glaze begins to turn brown and caramelize.nRemove the ham, cover with foil and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve with compote., ingredients: [2 8ounce jars fig jam, 12 cup white wine, 1 10 to 12pound precooked, unglazed, uncut ham, 20 whole clove studs, 12 cup chopped dried dates, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Fig Glazed Ham with Dried Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 35226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor Dressing: In a small bowl, stir together mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, and soy sauce set aside.nFor Salad: Add salad mix to a large salad bowl. Top with mango, avocado, cucumber and green onion.nSpoon dressing over top. Toss and serve., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lite soy sauce, 1 10ounce package spring salad mix recommended: Fresh Express, 12 slices presliced mango recommended: Ready Pac, 1 avocado, sliced into 8 slices, 12 English cucumber, for garnish, 3 scallions, sliced diagonally], title: Gold and Green Salad, picturelink: FB9hdK8GkMAX5gMgWfNDSbcEuyXc8gu}, 35227: {instructions: Wash and scrub the clams to get rid of the dirt. Set the littlenecks aside in the refrigerator, and combine the cherrystone clams with the water, garlic, bay leaves, and thyme leaves in a large pot. Cover, and steam over mediumhigh heat until the clams have all popped open, about 15 minutes. Check every 5 minutes to pull out the clams that have opened some take longer than others, and give the pot a stir. Pull the opened clams out of their shells and chop them roughly. Cover them and set aside. Pour the broth into a big bowl through a strainer that youve lined with cheesecloth, just in case there is leftover sand set the broth aside.nRinse out the pot and melt the butter over medium heat. Add the pancetta, celery, and onion. Saute this together for 5 minutes, until the vegetables soften. Sprinkle the flour into the pot stir and coat everything well. Gradually pour in the strained clam broth, whisking constantly to break up any lumps of flour. When all the broth is incorporated, fold in the potatoes, and bring to a boil, stirring constantly for about 15 minutes. The soup will start to thicken from the potato starch.nReduce the heat to low and fold in the cream, milk, and chopped clams. Toss in the littleneck clams and cover the pot to let them steam open, about 5 minutes. Season the soup with many turns of freshly ground black pepper and stir everything together to heat through, but do not let it boil. Serve this in nice big bowls with some chopped parsley and Parmesan Oyster Crackers.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nChop garlic cloves then sprinkle with some salt and smash to make a paste. Set a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Add butter, oil and garlic and swirl pan. Add oyster crackers and chopped flatleaf parsley and toss to coat. Spread out on a sheet tray, season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with shredded Parmigiano. Pop into the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes until golden and crispy.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 dozen littleneck clams, 2 dozen cherrystone clams, 1 quart water, 1 head garlic, sliced in 12 horizontally, 3 bay leaves, 2 sprigs thyme, leaves picked, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces pancetta, cut into cubes, 1 celery stalk, diced, 1 onion, diced, 2 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Parmesan Oyster Crackers, recipe follows, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups oyster crackers, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: cjh.bzx90J.0uRzaAT9F41RZAsUmC}, 35228: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the onion and potato. Dust with the flour and mix to disperse it. Add the eggs, horseradish, lemon zest, fresh dill, salt, and pepper, and mix until well combined.nIn a large nonstick saute pan, heat the olive oil and butter over mediumhigh heat. Once the bubbles from the butter subside, spoon 3 heaping tablespoons of the potato mixture into the saute pan. Repeat, making 8 to 12 pancakes. Cook pancakes about 4 minutes on each side, assuring that both sides are well browned and the potato is cooked through. Reduce the heat of the pan if the potato cakes are browning too quickly in order to make sure the inside is cooked completely. Remove the cakes to a paper towel lined plate as they finish, and season with salt while hot. You can cover them with foil and keep in a 200 degrees F oven to stay warm until ready to serve.nTo serve, transfer potato cakes to a platter and dollop each one with creme fraiche. Top with a sprig of dill., ingredients: [1 onion, grated, 3 baking potatoes, like russets peeled and grated, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more, as needed, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons finely grated fresh horseradish, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground, 6 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, Fresh dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Crispy Potato Horseradish Cakes, picturelink: null}, 35229: {instructions: In a large stockpot over medium heat, cook the bacon until browned. Add the butter and onions, and cook for 10 minutes. Add the flour and stir until well combined. Add 2 to 3 cups broth. Then add the potatoes, thyme, pepper, and salt and bring to a simmer. Cook until the potatoes are almost fork tender, about 10 minutes. Add the clams, haddock, shrimp, scallops, and oysters and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the halfandhalf and heat through do not bring to a boil or the chowder will curdle. When finished add parsley and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces slab bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large onions, diced about 4 cups, 14 cup flour, 2 cups clam broth or juice, 4 white potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 12 teaspoons thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound shucked clams, 12 pound haddock, cut into 34inch chunks, 12 pound Maine shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound scallops, 12 pound shucked oysters, 4 cups halfandhalf, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Seafood Chowder, picturelink: null}, 35230: {instructions: Quarter the apples and the lemon. Place in a heavy pot with cinnamon sticks. Add apple juice, cider, or water. Cover, bring to a boil, and them simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally to turn the apples and making sure they do not stick. You may want to add some liquid. Cook about 20 minutes, or until the apples are soft. Remove cinnamon sticks. Put the sauce through a food mill and adjust seasoning by adding honey, brown sugar, or maple syrup to taste., ingredients: [4 pounds apples, 1 lemon, 2 cinnamon sticks, 12 cup apple juice, cider, or water, Honey, brown sugar, or maple syrup to taste], title: Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 35231: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the grated cheese, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and horseradish. Place a liberal layer of the cheese on 1 side of each of the 6 slices of bread. Place the ham and tomato slices on 3 of the pieces of the cheese topped bread, then top them with the remaining 3 slices of bread to form a sandwich. Place butter in a large saute pan over low to medium heat. Add the sandwiches to the melted butter and slowly brown them on both sides while allowing the cheese to melt inside. Cut the crusts from the sandwiches and then cut them crosswise into 8 hors doeuvre size portions. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 6 slices Pullman bread or other high quality white bread, 9 to 12 slices ham, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, Butter, as needed], title: Croque Monsieur, picturelink: null}, 35232: {instructions: Combine the tequila, lime zest, lime juice, orange juice and a few ice cubes in a cocktail shaker and shake for 10 seconds. Pour into a rocks glass over ice. Taste, and stir in some simple syrup if youd like it sweeter. Top off with the ginger beer and garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 12 ounces silver tequila, 12 teaspoon fresh lime zest, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce fresh orange juice, Simple syrup, optional, 3 ounces ginger beer, cold, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Ginger Beer Margarita, picturelink: 3crEgKZCVX4cjA1UQd7DEXYkkPZ8JNW}, 35233: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat and add the onions, mustard seeds, and cinnamon. Stir to combine. Saute the mixture until the onions are translucent, about 3 minutes.nStir in the apples, pears, vinegar, apple juice, brown sugar, and fresh ginger, cook for 1 minute, then lower the heat and simmer until the apples and pears are just soft, about 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tart green apples, like Granny Smith, cored and cut into chunks, 4 Anjou pears, cored and cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 cup apple juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger], title: ApplePear Chutney, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 35234: {instructions: Special equipment: Punch BowlnPour apple cider into all 5 12cup containers, stopping about 12inch from the top. Add 2 drops of red and 1 drop of green food coloring to each container and stir until the colors have blended.nHang 2 or 3 gummy worms around the edge of each dish and place the dishes in the freezer. If you use more than 3 worms, the rotten apples wont float as well. Freeze until the rotten apples are solid.nJust before serving, slip the frozen wormy apples out of the dishes by setting them briefly in a few inches of warm water in your sink.nFloat the rotten apples in a large punch bowl filled with apple cider. For added creepiness, drape the gummy worms over the edges of your serving bowl as shown., ingredients: [Apple cider adjust the amount for the number of people you plan to serve we suggest at least 1 gallon, 5 12cup containers, Red and green food coloring, 10 to 15 gummy worms], title: Rotten Apple Punch, picturelink: null}, 35235: {instructions: Combine all ingredients together in a large bowl. Taste after mixing and adjust mustard, mayonnaise and horseradish, salt and pepper, if needed. Chill before serving., ingredients: [1 medium head green cabbage, chopped, 1 carrot, grated, 13 green bell pepper, diced, 13 red bell pepper, diced, 13 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 cup mayonnaise or more if needed, 3 to 4 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, 3 to 4 teaspoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Colorful Confetti Slaw, picturelink: null}, 35236: {instructions: Cook the cranberries, sugar, and 1 cup of water in a saucepan over low heat for about 5 minutes, or until the skins pop open. Add the apple, zests, and juices and cook for 15 more minutes. Remove from the heat, let cool, and serve chilled., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag fresh cranberries, cleaned, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and chopped, Grated zest and juice of 1 orange, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon], title: MakeAhead Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: d4QfX8a4RYQINDjfqvLDGEAs.UhD09e}, 35237: {instructions: Heat the olive oil, garlic, and pepper flakes in a large skillet of medium heat until fragrant and garlic begins to brown, about 30 seconds. Stir in broccoli and cook until the broccoli is bright green, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth and season with salt and pepper and cook until just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 bunch broccoli, trimmed and cut into bitesize pieces, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 35238: {instructions: Halve zucchini lengthwise and then cut into 12inch slices. Pour about 3 to 4 tablespoons of olive oil into a large skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the zucchini and season generously with salt. Saute until zucchini starts to soften, but is not fully cooked, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.nMeanwhile, cut the fish into 1inch cubes for the kabobs and place in a large mixing bowl. Add the tomatoes and remaining olive oil, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt, pepper, and oregano. Toss until fish and tomatoes are well coated. Add zucchini once cooled.nAssemble skewers and pour the remaining marinade over them. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to grill. Skewers can be left to marinate for 30 minutes but no longer than 1 12 hours since the lemon juice will start to cook the fish.nHeat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nGrill skewers and baste with remaining marinade, turning once after several minutes on the first side, until fish is just cooked through but not flaking apart, about 7 to 9 minutes total. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 medium zucchini, rinsed and ends trimmed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 pounds halibut or other meaty whitefish suitable for grilling, 1 12 pints grape tomatoes, rinsed, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 package 6 or 8inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes], title: Halibut Kabobs with Zucchini and Grape Tomatoes, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 35239: {instructions: Melt the butter with the olive oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the serrano chile and cook until the chile begins to brown, about 1 minute. Add the beans and chicken broth. Cook over medium heat, frequently mashing only the beans not the chile, until the beans are a thick paste, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the chile and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 serrano chile, whole, One 15ounce can pinto beans, preferably organic, rinsed and drained, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Refried Beans, picturelink: u.XWyGW5l.iwfVLnctBncKoqbwxMJP2}, 35240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the pine nuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until lightly toasted, 68 minutes. Cool completely before using.nFor the polenta: Preheat the broiler. Bring 3 cups water and the salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the polenta and continue to stir until the polenta is thick, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer the polenta to a sheet of parchment paper. Roll the polenta into a 2 12diameter log. Refrigerate until cool, 30 minutes.nSpray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Slice the polenta into 18inchthick slices. Cut each slice of polenta in half to make halfmoon shapes and arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Brush with the olive oil and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Broil until the cheese is golden, 6 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.nFor the goat cheese: Beat the goat cheese, cream, basil, salt and pepper in a medium bowl using an electric hand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, 1 minute. Stir in the pine nuts.nUsing two spoons to measure, place 12 to 34 teaspoonsize dollops of the goat cheese mixture on top of the polenta slices and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup instant polenta, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Polenta HalfMoons with Whipped Goat Cheese, picturelink: Q6zki8nJ8f4BHcTPgNZVWty04PvCMnO}, 35241: {instructions: STIR sweetened condensed milk, preserves and lemon juice in large bowl until blended.nSTIR in whipped topping, yogurt, lemon peel and food color, if desired, until completely blended. Cover and chill at least 45 minutes for best flavor. Serve over fruit salad, sliced pound cake, French toast or waffles., ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Mountain Strawberry Preserves, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup whipped topping, 1 6 oz. container plain Greek yogurt, 12 tsp. finely grated lemon peel, 2 to 3 drops red food color optional], title: Lemony Strawberry Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 35242: {instructions: For the crusts: Grease a 24cup mini muffin tin. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and cream cheese on medium speed until smooth. Add the flour, cornmeal and salt and continue to beat on low speed until a dough forms. Divide the dough into quarters. Divide each quarter into 6 pieces and roll each piece into a ball, making 24 balls about the size of gumballs. Place a ball in each muffin cup and use your thumb to press the dough against the sides to form a shell. Transfer the muffin tin to the refrigerator until the dough is chilled and firm, about 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the egg, brown sugar, melted butter, vanilla, salt and cinnamon in a bowl and mix well. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of chopped pecans into each shell. Top with a teaspoon of the egg mixture. Bake for 15 minutes, then decrease the temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until set, 10 to 15 minutes more. Place the pan on a rack to cool. When cool enough to handle, remove the tassies from the pan and place on the rack. Serve warm or room temperature. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 1 3ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon finely ground cornmeal, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 large egg, 34 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, Pinch ground cinnamon, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Pecan Tassies, picturelink: v0S6ygLagEB4tPGJiNN.qtoxNamht6e}, 35243: {instructions: Clean the sprouts by peeling the outer layers. Quickly blanch in boiling salted water and then remove to an ice water bath.nSoak the pecans in boiling water, then remove and dredge in maple sugar. Reserve maple sugar for later.nPreheat a deepfryer or heat 3 inches of oil in a large Dutch oven until it reaches 350 degrees F. When oil is hot, add pecans and deepfry for about 1 minute. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. Immediately sprinkle with remaining maple sugar.nMelt butter in a saucepan large enough to hold all the Brussels sprouts you may need to do this in batches. Let butter brown, then add sprouts and saute in browned butter until tender. Add the candied pecans. Deglaze the pan with a bit of chicken stock. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve warm., ingredients: [3 pounds mini Brussels sprouts, preferably from Holland, 2 cups pecan halves, 1 cup maple sugar, Peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 pound unsalted butter, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and pepper], title: Brussels Sprouts with Maple Candied Pecans, picturelink: null}, 35244: {instructions: 1. For dressing, combine mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, celery seed, salt and black pepper in small bowl whisk until blended. Set aside.n2. For slaw, combine in large mixing bowl cabbage, apple, celery and toasted almonds toss to combine.n3. Pour dressing over slaw gently mix until coated. Cover refrigerate at least 1 hour or longer. To serve, spoon into salad bowls., ingredients: [Dressing:, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Slaw:, 4 cups shredded cabbage slaw mix, 1 cup coarsely chopped red apple, 12 cup diced celery, about 2 stalks, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Sliced Almonds, toasted], title: Cabbage, Apple and Almond Slaw, picturelink: null}, 35245: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Arrange potato wedges on prepared baking sheet in 1 layer and coat them with cooking spray. Sprinkle potatoes with salt and black pepper. Roast 30 minutes, until tender and golden brown.nIf preparing in advance, fill a medium saucepan 34 full with water and bring to a boil. Add the potato wedges and boil for 5 to 7 minutes, or until just beginning to get tender. Drain well. When you plan to serve them, bake parboiled potatoes at 400 degrees F until golden brown, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into wedges, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: null}, 35246: {instructions: In a heavybottomed pot, place 6 quarts of water over high heat. When the water comes to a boil, add 2 tablespoons salt. This will be your fettuccine water. In a 2quart saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until soft and golden brown, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the chili flakes and bread crumbs. Cook the fettuccine according to the package directions, until tender but still al dente. Drain and add to saucepan. Add cheese and toss to combine. Sprinkle with mint leaves, toss, and serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dried chili flakes, 1 cup bread crumbs, toasted, 1 pound dried fettuccine, 1 cup grated caciocavallo, 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, finely chopped], title: Fettuccine with Garlic and Pesto: Fettuccine al Pesto DAglio, picturelink: null}, 35247: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 roll packing tape 1 roll plastic wrap 2 plastic gloves 1 plastic Halloween face masknMix the juices together. Add the sorbet, softened, and stir until it disappears. Add the seltzer.nBefore serving, chill with the Body Part Cubes of floating face and hands.nPour into glasses and stir with glow stick swizzle sticks.nColor the cold water with enough green food coloring to make it stand out against the background of the punch.nUse packing tape to seal of the eyes, nose and mouth openings of the mask. Line the inside of mask with plastic wrap to prevent leaking. Place it in a bowl that will hold the mask as still as possible while freezing.nFill with the colored water up to the line of the mask, making sure not to spill over if possible. Place bowl in freezer to solidify, at least 24 hours. Fill 2 food service gloves with colored water and twist and knot opening closed to make a tight seal. Freeze gloves for 12 to 24 hours.nWhen frozen, cut plastic gloves off. Take ice out of mask, putting hot water on the outside of the mask, if necessary, to help it come out easily.nCarefully float the face and hands in the punch., ingredients: [1 gallon cranberry juice, 1 gallon orange juice, 1 cup raspberry sorbet, 1 quart seltzer, Body Part Ice Cubes, recipe follows, 12 cups cold water, 2 to 3 drops green food coloring], title: Vampire Blood Drink, picturelink: null}, 35248: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat up the extravirgin olive oil. Add the onions and gently saute until lightly golden, then add the chickpeas, rosemary, salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Remove from the heat and with the back of a fork mash 13 of the chickpeas or to your desired texture. Return to the heat and add the water and cook for approximately 15 minutes.nA drizzle of olive oil and fresh gratings of Parmigiano cheese is optional before serving., ingredients: [14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 19ounce540 ml can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups600 ml water, Grated Parmigiano cheese, optional], title: Chickpea Soup, picturelink: null}, 35249: {instructions: In a 2 quart saucepan, over a medium low heat, place the oil, onion, rice, and pinon nuts. Saute until the nuts turn golden. Add the water and salt. Cover and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until the rice is cooked and the water is absorbed.nToss the green onion on top of the rice to garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 small yellow onion, diced, 1 cup uncooked white rice, rinsed, 34 cup pinon nuts, 2 cups water, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 green onion, sliced finely], title: Pinon Rice, picturelink: null}, 35250: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Use a 3inchround cookie cutter or glass to trace 12 circles on the parchment, leaving space between each. Flip the parchment over and lightly coat with cooking spray. Fit a pastry bag with a 12inch round tip or snip a 12inch hole in one corner of a large resealable plastic bag.nSift the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and salt into a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until well combined, about 2 minutes. Beat in the whole egg and yolk until incorporated and the mixture turns pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Beat in the milk and vanilla until smooth, scraping down the bowl as needed. Reduce the mixer speed to low gradually beat in the flour mixture until just incorporated do not overmix. Transfer the batter to the prepared pastry bag.nUsing the circles as a guide, pipe the batter into 3inch rings. To make doughnut holes with the remaining batter, pipe 1inch rounds onto the parchment. Refrigerate while you heat the shortening, or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nHeat about 6 cups shortening in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 340 degrees F. You want to have about 2 inches of liquid once the shortening melts. Use scissors to cut the parchment around each doughnut, leaving a 1inch border. Carefully invert 2 doughnuts into the shortening and peel off the parchment with tongs. Fry until golden brown, 1 minute 30 seconds per side. Fry the doughnut holes 30 seconds per side. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Bring the shortening back to 340 degrees F and repeat with the remaining doughnuts.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, 12 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vegetable shortening, for frying], title: Cake Doughnuts, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 35251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar and salt dissolves, about 1 minute. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool for 10 minutes. Add the onions and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours. Drain the onions through a strainer into a bowl and reserve the pickling liquid.nPut the potatoes in a large pot, cover with cold water by 2 inches and add 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until a knife inserted into the center of the potatoes meets with no resistance. Drain the potatoes well, let cool slightly but not all the way and slice into 12inch thick slices.nTransfer the warm potatoes to a large bowl. Add the eggs, pickled onions and red peppers. Whisk together the mayonnaise, mustards, a few tablespoons of the pickling liquid and season with salt and pepper. Add the dressing and parsley to the warm potatoes and gently mix to combine season with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature or cover tightly and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and serve chilled., ingredients: [1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, Kosher salt, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 12 pounds new red potatoes, 6 hardcooked eggs, coarsely chopped, 1 roasted red pepper, finely diced, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley or cilantro], title: TexasStyle Potato Salad with Mustard and Pickled Red Onions, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 35252: {instructions: Place 2 thinly sliced lemons in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours to allow the lemons to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the lemons. For serving, add fresh lemon slices for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: LemonInfused Water, picturelink: Z.WLiu9ZiyEl08rBZs4r.jHiUx52}, 35253: {instructions: Crush together the sea salt flakes and lime zest in a small bowl. Rim a margarita glass by rubbing a lime wedge around the edge of the glass and then dipping it in the lime salt.nMuddle the jalapeno and ginger with a few ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Then add the tequila, lime juice, orange liqueur and Simple Syrup. Shake and strain into the margarita glass filled with ice.nHeat the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Simmer until the sugar is dissolved. Let cool. The syrup will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sea salt flakes, Zest of 1 lime, 34 ounce lime juice plus 1 lime wedge, 1 teaspoon minced jalapeno, 3 slices fresh ginger each the size of a half dollar, 2 ounces blanco tequila white or silver, 34 ounce orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 14 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar], title: Spicy Margarita with Jalapeno and Ginger, picturelink: Ypk.cTAcWc0J4S2YzVa7j9GTt5E7yve}, 35254: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F and arrange and a rack in the middle.nHeat tomatoes, vodka, and cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until bubbling and vodka smell is cooked off, about 15 minutes. Season as desired with salt and freshly ground pepper and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile roll pizza dough to a 12inch round. Drizzle olive oil on a baking sheet to coat and place dough on top. Pierce the dough in several places to prevent it from bubbling up unevenly. Spread sauce evenly over the dough. Evenly distribute mozzarella across pizza and scatter whole basil on top. Drizzle with oil and bake until crisp is crusty, cheese is melted, and underside of dough is golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 14 ounce can diced tomatoes with juices, 14 cup vodka, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 1 pound fresh pizza dough, Olive oil, 10 ounces lowmoisture mozzarella, sliced 12inch thick, 30 small basil leaves], title: Margherita Pizza with Vodka Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35255: {instructions: Line a colander with 4 layers of cheesecloth, and secure it with 3 or 4 clothespins. Set the colander inside a bowl.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, with a thermometer handy, combine the whole milk and buttermilk and heat, stirring nearly constantly, until the temperature reaches 180 degrees F. When you reach 170 to 175 degrees F, youll start to see fine, little curds separating from the whey. At 180 degrees F, turn off the heat, and skim the curds from the whey using a finely slotted spoon, dropping the curds into the cheeseclothlined colander. Save the whey for another use, such as breadmaking. Gather the cheesecloth around the curds and tie it with a 2foot length of string. Gently squeeze to remove more, but not all, liquid from the cheese, and then hang over the sink or a bowl for 20 to 30 minutes to drain it a bit more. I use the string to tie the bag to my faucet.nRemove the ricotta from the cheesecloth, spoon it into a container, and stir in the salt. Serve ASAP, preferably without refrigerating., ingredients: [12 gallon whole milk, 2 cups buttermilk, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Homemade Ricotta Cheese, picturelink: null}, 35256: {instructions: For the blackberry jam: Cook the blackberries in a large, tall stockpot over mediumhigh heat, stirring to keep the mixture from sticking or scorching, until the berries have broken down and become liquid, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the sugar, and cook, stirring so it doesnt burn, until the mixture is loose and runny. Optionally, if you want to remove the seeds, strain the mixture through a strainer and then return it to the pot before proceeding.nStir in the pectin a little at a time, following the instructions on the pectin container, until the jam reaches your desired consistency remember that the jam will continue to firm as it cools. Let cool completely. Refrigerate the jam in an airtight container for up to 1 month.nFor the burger: Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. When hot, put the patty in the skillet and press it into a flat round burger with a spatula. Sprinkle the burger with salt and pepper and weigh it down with a small plate or empty saucepan the perfect burger is cooked by placing a weight of some kind on top and only flipping it once during the process. When the burger is halfway done, after 3 to 5 minutes, flip it over, sprinkle with more salt and pepper and cook until desired doneness, another 3 to 5 minutes.nSpread the peanut butter on the bottom bun and 2 tablespoons of the blackberry jam on the top bun. Add the finished burger on top of the peanut butter and flip the top bun over allowing the peanut butter to melt and the jam to ooze all over. Oh and dont forget the napkins., ingredients: [5 pounds fresh or frozen blackberries, 4 pounds sugar, 4 ounces regular fruit pectin, One 8ounce burger patty, preferably 8020 to 8515 ratio of lean to fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 1 cornmealdusted kaiser roll, split and toasted], title: PB and J Burger, picturelink: LVCPrD8y18LdiJiA6aT2oFs1e.M9r.S}, 35257: {instructions: In a blender combine the onion, garlic, gingerroot, chili, lemon zest, and water and blend until pureed. In a casserole set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the paste and cook it, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the chicken, carrots, and salt to taste, and cook, turning the chicken until lightly colored on both sides, for about 10 minutes. Add the curry powder and cook, stirring and turning, for 5 minutes. Add the coconut milk and simmer, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Stir in the lemon juice, to taste and the cilantro. Serve with rice., ingredients: [1 onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot, 1 large jalapeno chili, stemmed and halved, zest of 1 lemon, about 1 tablespoon, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 3 to 3 12 pound chicken, cut into small serving pieces, skin removed, 1 cup sliced carrots, Salt, to taste, 1 12 teaspoons Hot Madras Sambar Curry Powder, 1 14ounce can unsweetened light coconut milk, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, 12 to 1 cup loosely packed chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Coconut Chicken, picturelink: null}, 35258: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRinse the chicken and pat dry. In a medium bowl, mix the chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Stir to combine.nSet a cooling or baking rack into a baking sheet. Place the chicken pieces on the rack and drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Rub the spice mixture all over. Rub some of the mixture in between the skin and the breast meat. Transfer to the oven and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees F and the juices run clear when pierced with a fork, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the chicken from the oven and cover with some aluminum foil. Let rest for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a heavy medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the tomato sauce and chicken broth and cook over mediumhigh heat until the flavors incorporate, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cool slightly. Transfer the mixture to a blender with the soaked pasilla chiles and puree until smooth. Return to the same saucepan and add the chopped chocolate, stirring over medium heat until fully melted, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter. Top with the chocolate pasilla sauce. Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [One 5pound whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled Mexican oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup olive oil, 2 12 cups chopped white onion from 1 large or 2 small onions, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 12 cups chicken broth homemade or storebought low sodium, 5 pasilla chiles, soaked in warm water for 15 minutes and drained, One 3.2ounce disk Mexican chocolate, roughly chopped, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Spiced Chicken with Chocolate Pasilla Sauce, picturelink: ZCBr2FU4It5Iu5mNeR73nQ7.l71dWu}, 35259: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk the hazelnut liquor and cocoa powder together until combined.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugars together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, until each has been incorporated. Add the buttermilk and vanilla extract and mix until fully combined. Turn the mixer to low, and add the flour and cocoa mixture, alternating between the 2, beginning and ending with the flour. Mix until just combined and no streaks remain. Set aside while you prepare the filling.nFor the filling: In the bowl of a food processor, grind the hazelnuts until they reach a very fine sand consistency. Add the hazelnut spread and process until the mixture begins to clump. Add the hazelnut liquor 1 tablespoon at a time, or until the mixture is able to ball easily in your hand.nWith your hands, form the paste into balls about the size of a very large cherry. Roll the balls lightly in the flour to absorb any excess liquid.nTo assemble: Fill the cupcake liners about 14 of the way full with the cupcake batter. Place 1 ball of filling in each liner, and then cover the filling with the remaining batter so each cupcake is about 34 of the way full.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nDip each cupcake top into the Chocolate Ganache, forming an even layer, and allow to cool.nIn a heatproof bowl, microwave the heavy cream on high for 1 to 2 minutes. The cream should be very hot to the touch.nWhile the cream is being heated, place the chocolate chips and espresso powder in a medium heatproof bowl. Once the cream is ready, pour it on top of the chocolate chips and whisk until the chocolate is completely melted and the mixture has thickened. Whisk in the vegetable oil for extra shine., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup hazelnut liquor recommended: Frangelico, 1 cup cocoa powder recommended: Valrhona, 1 cup butter, room temperature, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups whole hazelnuts, 13 cup hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 3 to 4 tablespoons hazelnut liquor recommended: Frangelico, 12 cup flour, for coating, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 teaspoon espresso powder, optional, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, optional], title: Tall, Dark, and Handsome Chocolate Hazelnut Cupcakes, picturelink: yY47bosSHvLfDxAXPMxTmBGxs4bQW}, 35260: {instructions: Add the parsley, mint, thyme, garlic, scallions, lemon zest and juice, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to the bowl of a food processor. Process until finely chopped. With the machine running, drizzle in enough olive oil to form a loose paste. Use as a marinade for flank or skirt steak, wiping off excess before grilling., ingredients: [1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 large or 3 medium cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 scallions, sliced, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Garlic and Herb Steak Marinade, picturelink: 0kO1OtIV0zfML2fsGLisjebMQ0FZU9e}, 35261: {instructions: Place the beans in a large pot and cover generously with water. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, covered, until the beans are creamy inside, but not mushy, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Drain beans and transfer to a large bowl to cool. Cook shells in rapidly boiling salted water. When done, drain in a colander, then spread shells on a cookie sheet to allow steam to escape. Drizzle with a tiny bit of olive oil. When cool, combine pasta with the pinto beans. Add peppers. In a small bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss gently to combine.nTo roast chiles and peppers: Place over a gas flame or on a tray under a broiler. Keep turning so that the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer charred peppers to a plastic or paper bag, tie the top closed and allow to steam until cool to the touch, about fifteen minutes. To speed things up, place bag in a bowl of ice water. Peel the peppers by hand, then dip the them briefly in water to remove any blackened bits., ingredients: [34 cup dried Pinto beans, washed and picked over, 1 12 cups very small pasta shells, Olive oil, 2 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 red peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch oregano leaves, washed and chopped roughly, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil], title: Pinto Bean Salad with Roasted Peppers and Pasta Shells, picturelink: null}, 35262: {instructions: Bring 1 cup sugar and 2 teaspoons lemon juice to a boil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Continue to cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until amber. Remove from the heat and carefully stir in 34 cup heavy cream and 2 tablespoons bourbon. Return to the heat and whisk until smooth swirl in 2 tablespoons butter. Put 2 scoops vanilla ice cream in each glass and fill with root beer drizzle with the caramel sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Caramel Floats, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 35263: {instructions: Preheat broiler. With kitchen shears or large, sharp knife, cut lobster tails down back on curved side of shell. Pry sides of shells apart to expose meat. Top meat with garlic and butter. Squeeze lemon juice over lobster meat and dust liberally with Cajun spice and seafood seasoning. Set lobster tails in roasting pan and broil 4 to 6 inches from heat for 12 to 15 minutes, until meat is opaque in center., ingredients: [4 large lobster tails 8 ounces each, 4 to 6 large cloves garlic, minced, 6 tablespoons butter, cut into bits, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon Cajun spice, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Seafood Magic], title: Star Jones Garlic Lobster Tails, picturelink: null}, 35264: {instructions: To make the risotto: In a medium saucepan, combine the water and salt and bring to a simmer. Keep warm over low heat. In a medium saute pan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the green onions and cook until soft, about 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the bulgur and cook until fluffy, about 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the warm water, 12 cup at a time, stirring frequently until each portion is absorbed before adding the next, about 20 minutes total. Remove from heat. Add the spinach, mint, lemon rind, and lemon juice. Stir until the spinach wilts, about 2 minutes. Keep the bulgur risotto warm until ready to serve.nTo make the shrimp: In a medium nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and saute until soft, about 30 seconds. Add the salt, pepper, and shrimp, and saute until the shrimp are just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.nTo make the salad: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients and toss together. Add oil and vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide the LemonMint Bulgur Risotto evenly among 4 small plates and arrange the Garlic Shrimp evenly over the Risotto. Garnish with lemon wedges, if desired. Serve with Tossed Salad., ingredients: [3 cups water, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 to 8 stalks green onions, finely chopped, 1 cup bulgur, uncooked, 4 cups spinach, washed and torn, 13 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon grated lemon rind, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound giant shrimp, peeled and deveined, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 bag mixed greens, 10 grape tomatoes, 14 cup sliced almonds, 12pound fresh mozzarella, sliced, Olive oil, for dressing, Balsamic vinegar, for dressing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: LemonMint Bulgur Risotto with Garlic Shrimp and Tossed Salad, picturelink: null}, 35265: {instructions: Cook linguine according to package directions.nHeat oil over medium heat in a large skillet and a small saucepot. To both, add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add calamari to the skillet and cook 2 minutes. Then to both, add pasta sauce and crushed red pepper flakes and bring to a simmer. Simmer 3 to 5 minutes, until calamari is tender. Reserve tomato sauce in the saucepot for another meal.nTransfer linguine to a serving platter. Spoon all of the calamari and tomato sauce over linguine. Garnish with basil, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound linguine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound calamari, sliced into rings, 2 15ounce cans pasta sauce with roasted garlic recommended: Hunts, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Chopped fresh basil leaves, optional], title: PanSeared Calamari with Spicy Marinara over Linguine, picturelink: TLCgVzUML.JNQN.GgVCL5AyhUxuK}, 35266: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, season with some salt and pepper, and cook until golden, about 7 minutes. Put in a bowl and set aside. Wipe out the skillet and add another tablespoon of oil. Season the turkey patties with salt and pepper, and cook in the remaining oil until well browned, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet. Wipe out the pan.nDivide the onions among 4 bread slices, and top with a slice of cheese, a patty, another slice of cheese, and a slice of bread. Spread the top and bottom of the sandwiches with some butter. Heat the cast iron skillet over medium heat. Cook the sandwiches, in batches if needed, turning once, until lightly browned and the cheese melts, about 2 minutes per side. Halve the sandwiches and serve with cranberry sauce, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 4ounce turkey patties, 8 slices multigrain bread, 8 slices Monterey Jack or American cheese, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Serving suggestion: Cranberry Sauce], title: Turkey Patty Melt, picturelink: null}, 35267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake brine: Combine ingredients in a large nonreactive pan. Stir until salt and molasses are dissolved. Add chops to brine and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium.nRemove chops from brine and pat dry. Place chops on grill and cook on each side for 10 to 15 minutes, depending on thickness the internal temperature of the pork chops should measure 145 degrees F when measured with an instantread thermometer. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns, 1 bunch fresh thyme, or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 4 pork chops with bone], title: Molasses Brined Pork Chops, picturelink: aeIUxsJH8CX1jEYXMYxdiIYt8V6yGCq}, 35268: {instructions: For the pork and peach bbq sauce: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the peaches, brown sugar, ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, garlic and ginger in a food processor or blender.nPat the pork dry with paper towels and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Reserve half about 2 cups of the peach BBQ sauce and set aside. Transfer the pork, fatside up, to a rack over a heavybottomed roasting pan and brush the rest of the sauce all over the pork. Add the stock to the bottom of the roasting pan.nRoast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 140 degrees F, about 1 hour. Transfer the pork to a baking sheet to rest for 10 minutes. Reserve 1 14 pounds for the stir fry, and reserve the rest for leftovers or another recipe.nRemove the rack from the roasting pan and place on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the reserved BBQ sauce and scrape the bottom of the pan to incorporate the browned sauce. Cook until slightly reduced and thickened, about 10 minutes.nFor the stir fry: Cook the rice according to the package directions.nAdd 2 tablespoons of the sesame oil to a small saute pan and heat over medium heat until it begins to shimmer turn off the heat, add the fivespice powder and cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, orange juice, sugar and cornstarch in a small bowl.nSlice the pork into 14inch rounds, then slice again to make 12inchwide strips. Place the pork in a medium bowl and season with the sesame oil and fivespice mixture.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil over high heat until very hot in a large skillet or wok. Add the peas, onions and bell peppers and stirfry until the vegetables begin to soften, about 1 minute. Add the ginger and garlic and continue to stirfry for an additional minute. Finally, add the sliced pork, the soyvinegar mixture and scallions and continue to cook until the pork has warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes.nCook until the sauce thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and give it a few more stirs. Serve over the rice and garnish with roasted peanuts and mandarin oranges, if desired., ingredients: [4 cups peaches, peeled and sliced, 1 cup brown sugar, 23 cup ketchup, 23 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons ginger, minced, One 2 12pound boneless pork loin roast, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 14 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 2 cups white rice, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons Chinese fivespice powder, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 cup trimmed snow peas, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup mandarin orange supremes, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal, Roasted peanuts, for serving, Mandarin oranges, for serving, optional], title: 5Spice Pork Stir Fry with Mandarin Oranges, picturelink: TpHgiSnfmZfaODCynSAXaPiFvv1DfW}, 35269: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and line 16 13cup muffin cups with paper muffincup liners.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and with mixer on low speed beat in milk and vanilla until just combined batter will separate. Add flour mixture in 3 batches, beating until just combined after each addition.nDivide batter among muffin cups and bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool cupcakes in a pan on a rack 5 minutes and remove from pan.nBeat cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth. Add confectioners sugar and beat on low speed until incorporated. Add lemon juice and rose water and beat until smooth. Frost cupcakes and garnish.nGarnish: nontoxic and organic pesticidefree small roses, pansies, and scented geranium leaves and blackberries dusted with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [16 2 12inch paper muffincup liners, 2 cups cake flour not selfrising, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 14 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon rose water optional], title: BlossomTopped Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 35270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the pizza dough: Mix the yeast with 1 12 cups warm water and set aside for 8 to 10 minutes. Mix together the flour, olive oil and salt in a bowl using an electric mixer. With the speed on low, drizzle in the yeastwater mixture and mix until totally combined. Cover the bowl with a towel and set in a warm, draftfree place. Allow to rise for 1 to 2 hours.nPour the black beans into a saucepan. Add the taco seasoning and heat up the beans over mediumlow heat. Use a potato masher to mash the beans to the desired texture. Continue cookingheating over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until the beans are no longer runny they should be the texture of refried beans. Set aside.nIn a small skillet, heat the canola oil over medium heat. When hot enough to fry, drop in the tortilla strips in batches, frying them quickly and removing them from the oil with a fork when crisp30 to 45 seconds per batch. Transfer to a paper towellined plate. Set aside.nPosition an oven rack in the bottom position in the oven. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Oil a baking sheet with some olive oil.nRemove half of the pizza dough from the bowl. Place the remaining half in a large plastic bag and refrigerate, saving it for another use. With your hands, spread the dough out on the oiled baking sheet, making sure its relatively thin. Spread a layer of refried beans all over the pizza crust. Sprinkle the grated Cheddar and Monterey Jack over the top. Place the baking sheet on the bottom rack in the oven and bake for about 25 minutes, watching to make sure the crust doesnt burn. Remove the pizza from the oven and sprinkle on the shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes and cilantro leaves.nMix together the sour cream and hot sauce in a small bowl, adding enough hot sauce to make the mixture pourable. With a spoon or you can put it in a pastry bag, drizzle the mixture over the finished pizza.nSprinkle with the tortilla strips. Cut into squares and serve immediately with goodquality salsa., ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup olive oil, plus more for oiling baking sheet, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, One 14ounce can black beans or 2 cups homemade black beans, 1 teaspoon taco seasoning prepared or make your own, 12 cup canola oil, for frying, 4 corn tortillas, sliced into thin strips, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack, 1 head green leaf lettuce, sliced or shredded thin, 2 ripe tomatoes, diced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, or more to taste, Goodquality salsa, for serving], title: Taco Pizza, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 35271: {instructions: Whisk together the Dijon mustard, wholegrain mustard, honey and mint in a bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature while you prepare the fries.nPut the sweet potatoes in a large pot, cover with water and add 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil and cook until a paring knife inserted into the center of the potatoes meets with some resistance, 10 to 15 minutes depending on size. When cool enough to handle, cut each sweet potato into 6 wedges.nHeat a gas or charcoal grill to mediumhigh. Brush the potato wedges with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove to a platter and serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large sweet potatoes, Canola oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Sweet Potato Fries with HoneyMustardMint Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35272: {instructions: Combine the almonds and garlic in a blender or food processor and blend until the almonds are very finely ground, almost pastelike. Meanwhile, soak the bread in cold water, then squeeze out the water. Add the bread to the blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, pour in the oil in a thin stream, then add the vinegar, scraping down the sides often. Pour in the grape juice and iced water 1 cup at a time. Season with salt. Chill in the refrigerator, at least 6 hours. The soup should be very cold. Serve in chilled soup bowls and garnish with the grapes., ingredients: [1 12 cups blanched almonds, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 slices stale countrystyle bread, crusts removed, 12 cup fruity olive oil, 4 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 2 cups white grape juice, 2 cups iced water, 3 teaspoons sea salt, or to taste, 24 seedless white or Muscat grapes, halved], title: White Gazpacho with Grapes and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 35273: {instructions: Rinse each of the grape leaves well, snip off the stems and pat dry. Set aside, stacked on a plate and covered with plastic wrap. In a skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over moderate and cook the onion until soft. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the cinnamon stick and the rice, stirring to coat and combine. Stir in the currants, pine nuts, mint, salt, pepper and 12 cup of the chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and cook until all of the liquid is evaporated, stirring occasionally. Remove the skillet from the heat, remove the cinnamon stick and discard. Allow to cool completely.nPlace a grape leaf smooth side down with the stem end toward you on the work surface. Place a tablespoon of the cooled rice filling near the stem end and fold in the sides of the leaf over the filling. Beginning with the stem end roll up the leaf, not too tightly because the rice will continue to absorb liquid and expand in the next cooking step. Repeat process for remaining grape leaves. Transfer the dolmades to a skillet just large enough to contain all of the dolmades in a single layer. In a bowl combine the remaining chicken stock and olive oil with the lemon juice. Pour the liquid over the dolmades, adding additional water if necessary to just barely cover with liquid. Bring the liquid to a simmer and cook, covered, until tender when pierced with fork, about 30 minutes. Remove skillet from heat, uncover and allow to cool. Serve warm, at room temperature or cool., ingredients: [20 large grape leaves from a jar, available in some supermarkets and most specialty food shops, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 cup longgrain rice, 3 tablespoons currants, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 34 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Dolmades: Stuffed Grape Leaves, picturelink: null}, 35274: {instructions: Have a knife ready and small plates to serve. Arrange potatoes, pickles, onions, caper berries, ham, and tomatoes on a serving platter. Place cheese on a clean stone or a heatproof board or tile as close to the fire as possible. As the top of the cheese melts, scrape off cheese onto potatoes and accompany with garnishes. It takes some time between servings for the cheese to continue to melt, so have some wine or kirsch handy to keep guests happy., ingredients: [1 large wedge raclette about 1 pound, 1 dozen cooked small new potatoes, unpeeled, Assorted pickled garnishes: cornichons, pickled onions, caper berries, 12 pound sliced Black Forest ham, Sliced ripe tomatoes], title: Raclette, picturelink: null}, 35275: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a baking rack on a sheet pan and arrange the bacon in 1 layer on the baking rack. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the bacon is crisp. Remove the pan carefully from the oven  there will be hot grease in the pan Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and crumble when it is cool enough to handle.nDrizzle oil into a large pot of boiling salted water. Add the macaroni and cook according to the directions on the package, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well.nMeanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but dont boil it. Melt the butter in a medium pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for a minute or 2 more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, blue cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and crumbled bacon and stir well. Pour into 2 individual size gratin dishes.nPlace the bread slices in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse until you have coarse crumbs. Add the basil and pulse to combine. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the top of the pasta. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbly and the macaroni is browned on the top., ingredients: [4 ounces thicksliced bacon, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 2 cups elbow macaroni or cavatappi, 1 12 cups milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, 3 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, grated, 2 ounces blue cheese, such as Roquefort, crumbled, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 2 slices white sandwich bread, crusts removed, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves], title: Grown Up Mac and Cheese, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 35276: {instructions: Fill a 7gallon stockpot halfway with water or use 2 large pots and divide the ingredients between them. Add the seasoning and bring to a rolling boil. Add the whole potatoes to the pot. Allow the water to return to a boil and cook 5 minutes. Add the onions and sausage. Bring the water back to a boil and cook 15 minutes. Add the corn, bring the water back to a boil and cook 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are done.nAdd the shrimp, bring the water back to a boil and cook until the shrimp turn pink, about 3 minutes. Drain through a colander discard the liquid. Serve on newspaper or a platter.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [12 cup concentrated Louisianastyle shrimp and crab boil seasoning such as Zatarains, 4 pounds medium red potatoes, 2 to 3 medium sweet onions, such as Vidalia, peeled and quartered if large, 2 12 pounds cured, smoked pork sausage links, cut into 3inch pieces, 8 ears of corn, cut in half, 4 pounds medium shrimp], title: LowCountry Boil, picturelink: Wdqo3aqv2UVJ5n976pAlGXCN6AlEI2}, 35277: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3inch fluted biscuit cutternIn a medium bowl, using a hand mixer, cream the butter and cream cheese together until light and creamy. Add the flour slowly until the dough forms. Do not overmix Shape the dough into a ball and cover. Let the dough rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightlyfloured surface, using a lightlyfloured rolling pin, roll out the dough to 18inch thickness. Using a 3inch fluted biscuit cutter, cut out as many circles as you can. Form the scraps into a ball and reroll to make more circles.nFill each dough circle with a small spoonful of the chocolatehazelnut spread. Dip your finger in tap water and spread on the edge of half the circle to help create a seal. Fold the dough over to create a crescent. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Cool, then sift the confectioners sugar on top and serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cups flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, Water, as needed, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Petite Nutella Pochettes, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 35278: {instructions: In an electric mixer add flour, sugar, butter, egg, baking powder, vanilla, salt, beat 3 minutes. Line bottom of loaf pan with waxed paper. Divide in 3 equal parts and mix in: Part 1: almond extract and 5 drops red food coloring Part 2: cocoa Part 3: chopped walnutsnPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Spread each part in loaf pan one on top of the other, pink, white, and chocolate. Cover pan and refrigerate for at least 4 hours. Remove from pan and cut lengthwise in half then crosswise then cut 15 cookies from each piece. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [Red food coloring, 14 cup cocoa, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 2 12 cups flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup butter, softened, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon almond extract], title: Neopolitan Cookies, picturelink: null}, 35279: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf using plain yogurt, place it in a strainer lined with a paper towel and place the strainer over a bowl. Let the yogurt drain and thicken for 20 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine the strained or Greekstyle yogurt and the rest of the ingredients. Add salt, to taste., ingredients: [12 cup nonfat plain yogurt, or 13 cup nonfat Greek style yogurt, 13 cup lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, Salt], title: Ranch Dressing, picturelink: P1e7c5zrUHdxNpPWHdOqvEixg25.ee}, 35280: {instructions: Set a large pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Sprinkle the short ribs all over with a generous amount of salt and some pepper no flour required here. Add the oil to the pot and brown the short ribs well on each of the 3 meaty sides, about 15 minutes total. Work in batches so as to not overcrowd the pot. You want a deep brown color on the meat as this will give the stew its rich flavor and color when braising. Remove the ribs and set aside.nAdd the carrots, celery and onions to the pot. Saute the vegetables until caramelized and wilted, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and toss to combine and heat through. Return the ribs to the pot and nestle in amongst the vegetables. Add the thyme, bay leaves, rosemary, stout beer, broth and tomatoes. Season lightly with salt and pepper, then stir and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover with a lid and simmer the ribs 2 12 hours. Periodically skim any excess fat on the surface and discard.nAfter 2 12 hours, mix in the pearl barley and dry mustard powder, then cover once more and cook 45 more minutes. When done, remove the bay leaf, thyme and rosemary stems. Taste and season the braise with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [4 12 pounds bonein short ribs, cut into 4inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 2 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 2 celery ribs, sliced, 2 medium onions, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, Two 12ounce bottles dark stout beer, such as Guinness, One 14.5ounce can lowsodium beef broth, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup pearl barley, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder], title: Stout Braised Short Ribs with Barley, picturelink: NJuWcnq3e70dJPUpUdEs51IlIPizui}, 35281: {instructions: In a food processor blend the flour, the eggs, the oil, and 1 12 tablespoons water until mixture just begins to form a ball, adding more water drop by drop if the dough is too dry. The dough should be firm but not sticky. Blend the dough for 15 seconds more to knead it. Let the dough stand, covered with an inverted bowl, at room temperature for 1 hour.nTo roll pasta dough: Set the smooth rollers of a pasta machine at the lowest number. The rollers will be wide apart. Divide the dough into 8 pieces, flatten each piece into a rough rectangle, and cover the rectangles with an inverted bowl.nWorking with 1 rectangle at a time, dust the rectangle with the flour and feed it through the rollers. Fold the rectangle in half and feed it through the rollers 8 or 9 more times to knead it, folding it in half each time and dusting it with flour if necessary to prevent it from sticking. Turn dial down one notch and feed the dough through the rollers without folding. Continue to feed the dough through the rollers without folding, turning the dial one notch lower each time, until the lowest notch is reached. The pasta dough should be a smooth and long sheet about 3 12 inches wide. Roll the remaining pieces of pasta dough in the same manner., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Food Processor Pasta Dough, picturelink: null}, 35282: {instructions: Preheat grill pan. Combine olive oil with salt and pepper.nPeel the outer slices of the eggplant and zucchini. Lay the vegetables on a large baking sheet and brush with olive oil. Place vegetables on grill pan, turning just once, until everything is marked with dark stripes, about 10 minutes.nWhen done transfer to a large platter.nServing suggestions: Couscous Salad and Pesto with Yogurt, recipes follow.nIn a saucepan combine the broth, water, 14 cup of the lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons of the oil, bring the mixture to a boil, and stir in the couscous. Cover the pan, remove it from the heat, and let the couscous stand for 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork and let it cool in the pan.nIn a very large bowl stir together the cucumber pieces, tomato dice, scallion, the remaining 13 cup oil, the remaining 14 cup lemon juice, and salt, to taste, and let the mixture stand for 15 minutes. Add the couscous, stir the salad well, and chill it, covered, for 1 hour. The salad may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the salad garnished with cucumber and tomato slices.nYield: 8 to 10 servingsnMince garlic and mash to a paste with salt. In a food processor puree garlic paste, basil, walnuts, Parmesan, and oil until smooth. Add yogurt and combine well. Pesto keeps, its surface covered with plastic wrap, chilled, for up to 5 days.nYield: 1 13 cups, ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 medium yellow squash, ends trimmed and discarded, sliced lengthwise into 14inchthick pieces, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded and quartered, 3 medium zucchini, ends trimmed and discarded, sliced lengthwise into 14inchthick pieces, 2 medium eggplants, ends trimmed and discarded, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup water, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups couscous, 1 seedless cucumber, cut into 14inch pieces, plus cucumber slices for garnish about 1 cup diced, 8 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, plus tomato slices for garnish about 1 cup diced, 34 cup finely chopped scallion, 2 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup walnuts, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup plain yogurt], title: Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: hYfYfflvj4qEYleRF8bE.mEJUpB01S}, 35283: {instructions: Dip marshmallows halfway into the warm caramel. Let the excess drip off, then dip in crushed pretzels and place on a lightly oiled parchmentlined baking sheet until set. Drizzle with melted chocolate.nPhotograph by Karl Juengel, ingredients: [], title: Caramel Puffs, picturelink: Lv5j.LsXE1iIy2oR3EfXiMeI4TWaCWy}, 35284: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil and cook the macaroni according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.nToss the lettuce with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast on a baking sheet until the lettuce is wilted, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool, but leave the oven on.nIn a 4quart saucepan over medium heat, render the bacon with the canola oil until crispy. Remove the bacon and set aside, leaving 3 tablespoons of fat in the pan. Add the flour and cook over medium heat until the flour begins to smell slightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add a small amount of the milk to the flour and whisk until smooth. Add the remaining milk in stages to avoid lumps. Heat until the mixture simmers, then turn off the heat.nAdd the Cheddar and Gruyere to the pan, followed by the nutmeg and drained macaroni. Fold until the macaroni is evenly coated, then add the lettuce, tomatoes and bacon.nSpread the mixture in a 2quart baking dish and top with the Herbed Breadcrumbs. Cook until the top is golden, about 35 minutes.nCombine the panko, butter, parsley and thyme in a medium bowl and mix together., ingredients: [8 ounces macaroni, 1 head romaine lettuce, cut into 12inch slices, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 strips bacon, thinly sliced crosswise, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup shredded Gruyere cheese, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 12 cup Herbed Breadcrumbs, recipe follows, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme], title: BLT Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: U5X6FdRroSEFhq3l.KUtTVapz2hwzpi}, 35285: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace sundried tomatoes in a small bowl and cover with warm water. Let stand until tender. Drain.nMeanwhile, cut pita into triangles, place on a baking sheet and toast for 10 minutes.nIn medium bowl, combine mayonnaise, sour cream, bacon bits, and sundried tomatoes. Add a pinch of salt and pepper. Use a spoon to mix together set aside.nCut out the core of the lettuce head to form a bowl for the dip.nTo serve, spoon BLT dip into hallowed out lettuce head and set in the center of a serving plate. Place toasted pita triangles around edge of plate., ingredients: [12 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 12ounce package whole wheat pita pockets, cut into small triangles recommended: Sara Lee, 34 cup real mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup real bacon crumble recommended: Hormel, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded], title: BLT Dip, picturelink: 14lxTPGSRSasaxH2BSjG9TeWt8QuEa}, 35286: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and shallot and cook, stirring often, until the garlic begins to turn golden. Add the saffron powder, stir and cook an additional minute. Add the potatoes and toss to coat. Add the chicken stock, water, salt and paprika and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, stir and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the potatoes are fork tender. Stir in parsley. Transfer the potatoes and broth to a heat safe serving bowl or chafer and serve with sliced baguettes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced garlic cloves, 1 shallot, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon ground saffron, 2 pounds very small new potatoes, scrubbed, 1 cup low sodium chicken stock, 1 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, 1 baguette, sliced], title: Saffron Garlic New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 35287: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill or a grill pan over medium heat.nIn a small bowl, add 14 cup of the canola oil, the cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Stir to combine. Brush each ear of corn liberally with the seasoned oil.nArrange the corn on the hot grill and cook for about 12 minutes, giving each ear a quarter turn every 3 minutes. Remove from grill and let cool for 5 minutes. When cool enough to handle cut kernels from corn.nIn a medium serving bowl, whisk together the remaining 14 cup of canola oil, 1 teaspoon chili powder, the lime juice, garlic, bell pepper, onions, beans, and cilantro. Adjust the seasonings with salt and black pepper, to taste. Add the corn kernels and stir to combine. Mix the ingredients well and serve with tacos, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, divided, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, divided, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 ears corn, shucked, 1 lime, juiced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, cored and diced, 1 medium red onion, diced, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Grilled Corn and Bean Salad, picturelink: k.pg9XKZ0jWwnDeYnHm9IY.uqI.23PG}, 35288: {instructions: Place the tomatoes, garlic, onion and Serrano chiles into a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Heat the olive oil in a large pot. Add the blended ingredients and saute over medium heat until reduced and thickened, about 4 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a boil. Add the Swiss chard and simmer for about 10 minutes. Salt to taste.nBeat the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Beat in the yolks one at a time with a pinch of salt. When well combined, crumble the uncooked vermicelli into the eggs and add the cheese. Stir until the vermicelli is well coated.nHeat 14 inch olive oil in a large skillet. When hot, add 3 inch dollops of the egg and vermicelli mixture to the pan. Cook until lightly golden on the underside, about 1 minute. Turn and fry on the other side. Drain on paper towels. Add the vermicelli drops to the broth and simmer for 12 to 15 minutes. Carefully turn the vermicelli once. Serve in deep bowls with 2 vermicelli drops in each., ingredients: [2 medium tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 14 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 2 small Serrano chiles, coarsely chopped, seeds optional, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 cups chicken broth, 1 bunch Swiss chard, washed, stems removed and coarsely chopped, Coarse salt, to taste, 2 eggs, separated, 3 ounces vermicelli, 3 tablespoons grated Queso Anejo cheese, Olive oil for frying], title: Vermicelli and Swiss Chard Soup, picturelink: null}, 35289: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan or Dutch oven, melt the butter over medium heat and add the flour. Cook, whisking, until the mixture is combined and the raw flour taste is gone, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the bouillon cube into the hot chicken stock until combined. Add the stock mixture to the roux in the saucepan, then add the cream. Add the ginger and bring to a simmer, whisking. Cook for 5 minutes. Lower the heat, add the peas and onions, chicken and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Heat until just warmed. Transfer the mixture to a 2quart ovenproof saucepan or heatproof ramekin. Let cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Let the puff pastry thaw just until you can work with it.nCut the pastry into a circle 1 inch wider than the width of the saucepan or ramekin and poke a few holes in it with a fork. Brush the top 1 inch of the outside of the saucepan or ramekin with half of the egg wash. Place the pastry over top and crimp the edges with your fingers so it sticks. Brush the top of the pastry with the remaining egg wash.nBake the pot pie until the top is golden brown, 25 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 2 cups chicken stock, hot, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 2 cups frozen peas and baby onions, 2 cups cubed teriyakistyle deli chicken 12inch cubes, 1 cup finely minced fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk], title: Teriyaki Chicken and Gingered Vegetable Pot Pie, picturelink: utKqKdQhqxfq8tihwI9AOomv8fYR3Pq}, 35290: {instructions: Combine the chocolate and butter in a microwavesafe bowl. Heat at 50 percent power for 2 minutes stir, then microwave at 30second intervals until completely melted. Whisk in the cocoa and 1 34 cups sugar until smooth. Microwave the mixture on full power for 5 minutes, stopping to whisk occasionally. Dont worry if the mixture looks grainy continue to cook and whisk until smooth. Add 1 cup halfandhalf and microwave on full power until smooth and slightly fudgy, 2 minutes. Transfer to a thermos to keep warm.nFold the remaining 2 tablespoons halfandhalf and 2 tablespoons sugar into the mascarpone in a bowl cover and refrigerate.nPreheat a grill to medium. Brush the cake slices lightly with oil and grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side. Brush the pineapple lightly with oil and grill until marked, about 1 minute per side.nTop the cake with pineapple, a scoop of mascarpone cream and hot fudge. Garnish with coconut andor nuts, if desired.nPhotograph by Rick Lew, ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, or chocolate chips, 1 stick unsalted butter, sliced, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 34 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons halfandhalf, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 storebought pound cake, cut into 6 to 8 thick slices, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 fresh pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into wedges, Shredded coconut, toasted, andor peanuts, for garnish optional], title: Pineapple Sundaes, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 35291: {instructions: Preheat grill pan over high heat.nCombine arugula, almonds and shallot in food processor. Pulsegrind mixture. Turn processor on and stream in extravirgin olive oil. Transfer mixture to a small bowl.nDrizzle chops with extravirgin olive oil. Season with grill seasoning or salt and pepper and grill 3 minutes on each side. Transfer chops to a platter and serve with dipping sauce and mint jelly., ingredients: [2 cups arugula, trimmed, 12 cup smoked almonds, 2 palmfuls, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup extravirginolive oil, plus some for drizzling, 8 lamb chops, Grill seasoning or coarse salt and pepper, 1 cup prepared mint jelly, available on condiment aisle], title: Lamb with Arugula Dipping Sauce, picturelink: J8cjT1vH8GNVyq4oBc.pfh0Qy7c4ANq}, 35292: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12inch round aluminum pizza pansnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMake the soy flour flat bread: In a medium bowl, whisk together the soy flour, sugar substitute, salt, eggs, heavy cream, and club soda to make a smooth, thick, pancakelike batter. Spray pizza pans generously with the vegetable oil spray. Using a rubber spatula, spread the batter as thinly and evenly as possible over the 2 pans. Bake for about 12 to 15 minutes, or until lightly golden brown and firm to touch.nIn a large saute pan or wok, heat oil over high heat. Season the chicken with salt, pepper, cayenne, cumin, and garlic, and add to the hot oil. Next add the peppers and onions, and remove pan from the heat and add tequila. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until chicken is cooked thoroughly. Keep warm.nCut 1 flat bread into 4 pieces. On 2 pieces, layer cheese, cooked chicken mixture, and more cheese, and cover with the other 2 pieces. Wrap the other flatbread and freeze for another use.nLastly, melt butter until very hot in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add quesadillas and cook for about 2 minutes on each side until toasty and the cheese is melted. Cut quesadillas into 3 pieces each and serve. Garnish with cilantro and scallions, and serve with salsa picante, guacamole, and sour cream, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, julienned, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 dashes cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons cumin, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 green bell pepper, julienned, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 ounce tequila, 8 ounces Colby Jack cheese, Monterey Jack, or Cheddar, shredded, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, 1 12 cups soy flour, 14 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup club soda, Nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray], title: Tequila Chicken Quesadillas, picturelink: IhT7zboCfSrU4H6sZhgmFNXZkWetRi}, 35293: {instructions: Peel the mango and cut all of the fruit away from the seed. Wash the strawberries and cut off the stems. Place the fruit into a blender along with the remaining ingredients and blend till smooth, pureed and creamy. Sereve in chilled glasses., ingredients: [1 ripe mango or papaya, 1 pint strawberries, 14 cup coconut milk, 2 cups cold orange juice, 1 cup cold pineapple juice, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons brewers yeast available in health food stores], title: Mango or Papaya Strawberry Fruit Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 35294: {instructions: 1. Place eggs in medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to a simmer and continue to cook 7 minutes. Drain and transfer eggs to a bowl of ice water until cool, about 5 minutes.n2. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the curry powder and cook until lightly toasted and fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a medium bowl.n3. Peel eggs, then halve lengthwise, and pop the yolks from the whites. Set the whites aside, rounded side up on a plate. Mix the yolks into the curry oil, along with the yogurt, blending until smooth. Stir in the chutney, chopped cilantro, and season with 12 teaspoon salt. Spoon the yolk mixture into the whites and top with a dusting of curry powder and cilantro leaf, if desired. Serve at room temperature or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon curry powder, plus more for dusting, 14 cup plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons mango chutney, finely chopped, if chunky, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for topping, Kosher salt], title: Curried Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 35295: {instructions: Looks like: French FriesnHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil to 365 degrees F in a deep skillet. Mix 12 cup sugar and 1 to 2 tablespoons cinnamon on a plate. Cut stale white bread into sticks and fry until golden, about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels, then roll in the cinnamonsugar while still hot. Serve with strawberry jelly as ketchup.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: April Fools Fries: CinnamonSugar Sticks, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 35296: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel parsnips, and cut into 1inch chunks, brush lightly with oil and place on a baking sheet lined with heavy duty aluminum foil for easy cleanup. Roast until the parsnips begin to soften as tested with a knife blade and until the tips begin to turn golden brown. This takes about 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for a few minutes while you start the other ingredients in the stockpot. Leave oven on for toasting of croutons.nMelt the butter over mediumlow heat in a large stockpot and gently saute the onion until translucent. This takes about 10 minutes, but the more important thing is that they look translucent. Add the chicken stock, slice open the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the seeds into the pot and add along with the vanilla pod itself. Increase heat to medium, add the roasted parsnips, and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper, cover and let cook until the parsnips are completely tender, about 20 minutes.nOnce you have the soup underway, toast the croutons in the oven which is already preheated to 400 degrees F. Cut the epee loaf into 34inch thick slices. Brush the bread with oil and place on a foil lined baking sheet important for cleanup purposes. Sift dark cocoa over the bread and toast briefly in the oven, just to make crispy. Remove and set aside.nStir the white chocolate chips into the soup and cook for a further 5 minutes, to allow them to melt and to integrate flavors.nRemove soup from heat, discard vanilla pod, and stir in heavy cream. Using an immersion blender, blend until smooth. Remember, when using an immersion blender, the blade end has to be immersed, or it will make a big mess. Squeeze fresh lemon or lime juice into the pot and stir to combine. Note: If you hold the sliced end of the fresh lemon or lime against your palm while you squeeze in the juice, the seeds are likely to stay in the rind.nLadle soup into bowls and garnish with fresh dill. Serve with lemon wedges and dark chocolate dusted croutons., ingredients: [2 pounds parsnips about 4 or 5 large parsnips, 14 cup canola oil 2 tablespoons to brush on parsnips and 2 tablespoons to brush on bread for croutons, 8 tablespoons butter 1 stick or 12 cup, 1 large white onion, chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 whole vanilla bean, preferably Tahitian sold 1 or two to a jar in the spice section of the store or 1 tablespoon vanilla extract preferably from real vanilla bean as opposed to artificial flavoring, Salt and pepper, 1 loaf French bread, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 14 cup dark cocoa powder, 1 cup vanilla white chocolate chips recommended: Hersheys Premier White Chips, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 fresh lemon or lime, halved crosswise 12 to squeeze into batch of soup and 12 to cut into wedges to serve to guests, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill leaves], title: Roasted Parsnip and Vanilla Chocolate Soup, picturelink: EHe3ZBVwqyfYaaUdxDoZjwx7gXRPORG}, 35297: {instructions: Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges with your fingers. Pierce the bottom and sides all over with a fork. Chill at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the chilled dough with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Transfer to the oven and bake until the edges are golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the crust is golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the filling: Gently whisk the pumpkin, cream, granulated sugar, 2 eggs, the cinnamon, nutmeg, vanilla and salt do not overmix. Beat the remaining egg and brush on the crust edge sprinkle with coarse sugar. Pour the filling into the crust and bake until set around the edges, 50 minutes to 1 hour the middle will still jiggle slightly. Transfer to a rack let cool completely.nPulse the flour, shortening, sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Sprinkle in 14 cup ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add up to 4 more tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse again.nDivide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pat each into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or preferably overnight, or freeze up to 2 months., ingredients: [1 disk Pie Dough, recipe follows, plus 1 disk, if decorating, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 23 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling optional, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Classic Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: tyrbNKIcS9MHPX9RR5RNGnX7mnJklVG}, 35298: {instructions: Tart Shell: In a large bowl, stir the flour, cinnamon and sugar together. With the flat beater attachment of an electric mixer, pastry blender or your fingertips, work the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle in 3 or 4 tablespoons of the eggy water and mix it in until the dough comes together in a ball. On a lightly floured surface, take walnutsized pieces of dough and, with the heel of your hand, smear them away from you into 6inch streaks. Pat the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight.nSet a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Lightly coat a 9 12inch tart pan with a removable bottom with nonstick vegetable spray. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into an 11 12inch circle. Fit the dough into the pan. Trim the dough to a 1inch overhang and double the dough over itself to reinforce the sides. Freeze for 30 minutes. Line the tart shell with aluminum foil and weight down with dried beans or pie weights. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for 10 minutes longer or until lightly browned.nLower oven temperature to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, work the butter into the flour, sugar and cinnamon to make the crumb topping. You may start with an electric mixer but finish by rubbing and pinching it with your fingers until it looks mealy and lumpy. In another medium bowl, mix together the molasses, corn syrup, eggs, and vanilla. Stir the baking soda into the boiling water, then mix it into the rest of the filling. Pour it into the shell, filling up to 14inch from the top of the crust. Sprinkle on the crumb topping, taking care not to overfill the shell. Bake for 30 minutes until set on a rack in the middle of the oven. Mix the confectioners sugar, the ground cinnamon and the arbol chile. Let cool and sprinkle with the sugarcinnamonchile mixture. Serve with plenty of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into peasized bits, 1 egg beaten with 1 cup ice water, Nonstick vegetable spray, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, cut into peasized bits, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup boiling water, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon arbol chile powder or cayenne pepper], title: Cinnamon Shoofly Pie, picturelink: null}, 35299: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 3 sliced onions, 3 chopped anchovies and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme season with salt and pepper and cook until the onions are golden brown, 20 minutes. Slice 1 baguette in half lengthwise. Butter the bread top with the onions, pitted nicoise olives and a drizzle of olive oil. Bake in a 400 degrees F oven until the bread is crisp, 15 minutes. Cut into pieces top with shaved parmesan.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Caramelized Onion Crostini, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 35300: {instructions: First, whip up the pie crust: Mix the flour and salt in a bowl. Add the butter and shortening. Work the butter into the flour using a dough cutter until the mixture resembles tiny pebbles.nAdd the egg with, 5 tablespoons cold water and the vinegar. Stir the mixture until just combined. Divide the dough in half and chill until needed. Once chilled, sprinkle the cutting board or counter liberally with flour. Roll half of the dough into a large circle and place in a standard pie pan. Crimp the edges according to desired look. Reserve the other half of dough for another use.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nNext, make the filling: Mix the white sugar, brown sugar, salt, corn syrup, butter, vanilla and eggs together in a bowl. Pour the pecans in the bottom of the unbaked pie shell.nPour syrup mixture over the top. Cover top and crust lightlygently with foil. Bake the pie for 30 minutes. Remove the foil, and then continue baking for 20 minutes, being careful not to burn the crust or pecans.nThe pie should not be overly jiggly when you remove it from the oven though it will jiggle a bit. If it shakes a lot, cover with foil and bake until set, an additional 20 minutes. Required baking time seems to vary widely with this recipe. Sometimes it takes 50 minutes, sometimes it takes 75nAllow to cool for several hours or overnight. Serve in thin slivers., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks salted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup vegetable shortening or lard, 1 whole egg, lightly beaten with a fork, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup corn syrup light or dark, 13 cup melted salted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 whole eggs, beaten, 1 cup heaping chopped pecans], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 35301: {instructions: In a pitcher filled with ice, combine all ingredients. Stir and strain into a martini glass., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part apple brandy, 1 part orange liqueur, 1 part orange juice], title: Lucky Lady, picturelink: wLUFUYI40PZU20JU2g5GYt6q7kMsNC}, 35302: {instructions: Combine the cherries, 2 tablespoons sugar and cherry eau die vie in a bowl and muddle using a muddler or a potato masher, leaving some chunks in the cherries. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow the cherries to break down and the juice to flow.nWhip the cream to super soft peaks with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar.nAdd the crushed ice to the cherries and toss well. Divide among 4 small bowls and top with a few tablespoons of the loosely whipped cream. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [1 cup sweet cherries, pitted and halved, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cherry eau die vie kirsch, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 cups crushed ice, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Sweet Cherry Slushy Cups, picturelink: 2LPETczTYvDhOJ.p1QJy4Fu9AOAGqrO}, 35303: {instructions: Combine the avocados, jicama, onion, bell pepper, corn, black beans, lime juice, cilantro, olive oil, cumin, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl and adjust seasonings to taste. Chill at least 30 minutes and up to overnight before serving., ingredients: [2 avocados, diced, 1 medium jicama, finely diced, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 4 cups cooked corn cut from about 4 ears, Two 15ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed about 1 12 cups, 12 cup lime juice, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Colorful Corn Salad, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 35304: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil and heat to a shimmer. Add Trishas Pulled Pork, the chili powder, garlic powder, salt, cumin and black pepper stir to combine. Add enough reserved cooking liquid to coat the meat but not saturate it. Cook until the meat starts to brown and the spices become fragrant, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and hold.nPlace a Grit Cake on each serving plate and top with some pork, Corn Salsa, sour cream, chopped green onions and cilantro.nSeason the ribs well on all sides with salt and pepper.nIn a large Dutch oven over high heat, heat the oil to a shimmer. Add the ribs and sear until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove the ribs and transfer to a plate. Add the garlic, carrots and onion and cook until golden and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of water and, using a wooden spoon, scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add 2 more cups of water and stir to combine.nReturn the ribs to the Dutch oven, cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until forktender, about 3 hours.nRemove the ribs from the liquid and transfer to a baking sheet to cool. Strain the cooking liquid and reserve. When cool enough to handle, use 2 forks to shred the pork.nLine an 8by10inch baking pan with parchment paper, leaving any excess hanging off the sides, and spray with cooking spray.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the vegetable broth, grits and salt. Bring to a boil and cook until the grits are thickened and soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Fold in the cheese. Pour the grits into the prepared pan and chill for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nUsing a round cutter or a knife, cut the grits into 2 12inch cakes.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil to a shimmer and add the cakes. Fry until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, then flip and continue cooking until golden brown on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels.nIn a medium skillet over high heat, heat the oil until it shimmers. Add the corn and cook until beginning to caramelize, about 4 minutes. Add the salsa and enough broth, starting with a 14 cup, to make it thick yet pourable. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound Trishas Pulled Pork, recipe follows, plus about 1 cup cooking liquid, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 1 12 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, or to taste, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, Grit Cakes, recipe follows, Corn Salsa, recipe follows, Sour cream, for serving, Chopped green onions, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, 3 pounds boneless countrystyle pork spareribs, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into large chunks, 1 large yellow onion, quartered, One 6ounce can tomato paste, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the parchment, 4 cups vegetable broth, 1 cup grits, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup thawed frozen white corn, 1 jar medium salsa or hot, if desired, About 1 cup vegetable broth], title: Deconstructed Tamales: Trishas Cheese Grit Cake with TamaleStyle Pulled Pork, picturelink: 4notBAM6hEZVLAnHmabKjNPrhQGmE.C}, 35305: {instructions: Mix the risotto, egg, half of the bread crumbs, and Prosciutto season with salt and pepper. Form the mixture into small 3inch cakes. Coat both sides of the cakes with the remaining bread crumbs.nSaute the cakes in butter for about 3 minutes a side serve as a main course, with salad., ingredients: [1 cup cooked risotto, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 to 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Prosciutto cut into slivers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Second Time Around Risotto Cakes, picturelink: null}, 35306: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel and cook potatoes until tender. Drain potatoes and whip. Add sugar, eggs, salt, butter, milk and vanilla. Mix well and put in a greased 1 12 quart casserole. Bake in a preheated 325 degree oven for 25 minutes. Place marshmallows and pecans on top and return to oven for about 5 minutes or until brown on top., ingredients: [3 large sweet potatoes cooked and whipped, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick butter, 12 cup evaporated milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 bag marshmallows, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Sweet Potato Souffle, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 35307: {instructions: For the mint syrup: Combine the sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook until the sugar has melted. Stir in the mint and let steep 30 minutes. Strain the mint leaves. For the cocktail: Combine the bourbon, tea, lemon juice, lime juice and 2 ounces mint syrup in a cocktail shaker and shake for 5 seconds. Rub the orange slice around the rim of highball glass and fill with ice. Pour the cocktail over the ice and garnish with the mint sprig.nSERVINGS: 1nCalories: 230nTotal Fat: 0 gramsnSaturated Fat: 0 gramsnProtein: 0 gramsnTotal carbohydrates: 35 gramsnSugar: 33 gramsnFiber: 0 gramsnCholesterol: 0 milligramsnSodium: 2 milligrams, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 12 ounces bourbon, such as Jim Beam Black, 1 12 ounces goodquality black tea, such as City Harvest Black Tea, strong brewed and chilled, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, Orange slice, Ice cubes, Fresh mint sprig, for garnish], title: B and Tea, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 35308: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan milk, butter, chocolate, espresso powder and cinnamon over moderately low heat, whisking, until butter and chocolate melt and mixture is smooth. In a bowl whisk together the eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt. Whisk in the bread crumbs and pour in the hot milk in a stream, whisking constantly. Pour the mixture into a buttered 6cup baking dish and bake for 45 minutes, or until pudding is set in the middle and a tester comes out clean. Allow the pudding to cool for 15 minutes and serve warm garnished with whipped cream and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon or 12 cinnamon stick, 2 large eggs, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Dash of salt, 2 cups fresh bread crumbs, Whipped cream and chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Chocolate Silk Pudding, picturelink: null}, 35309: {instructions: Fill a highball glass with ice to chill, then discard the ice.nPour the gin and liqueur into the glass. Top with soda and garnish with the grapefruit peel., ingredients: [Ice, 2 ounces gin, such as Plymouth Gin, 1 ounce bitter orange liqueur, such as Aperol, Grapefruit soda, for topping, such as San Pellegrino Pompelmo soda, Grapefruit peel, for garnish], title: Pompelmo Fizz, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 35310: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, honey, liqueur, if using, and the mint. Set aside.nScoop out the melon flesh and cut it into 1inch cubes. Combine them in a bowl or on a platter and toss together very gently until the colors are evenly distributed.nDrizzle the dressing back and forth across the melon in a thin stream. Garnish with sprigs of mint and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups plain yogurt, drained overnight in a sieve, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon passionfruit liqueur optional, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 12 small ripe honeydew melon, halved and seeded, 12 small ripe crenshaw or cantaloupe melon, halved and seeded, 14 small watermelon about 1 pound, seeds removed, Sprigs of fresh mint, for garnish], title: Tricolor Melon Salad with Yogurt Honey Dressing, picturelink: null}, 35311: {instructions: Peel alternating strips from the cucumber, leaving some peel to create stripes, and slice into thin rounds. In a large bowl, combine the vinegar, sugar and some salt and pepper. Whisk in the olive oil, then 2 tablespoons of the dill. Add the cucumbers and toss.nCombine the creme fraiche, horseradish, mustard, lemon juice and the remaining 2 tablespoons dill in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nUsing a slotted spoon, scoop the cucumbers from the vinaigrette and mound on a large platter. Dip the leaf ends of the watercress in the remaining vinaigrette and mound on the platter. Toss the tomatoes in the vinaigrette, remove with a slotted spoon and mound on the platter. Lay the salmon over the mounds. Spoon the creme fraiche dressing over the top.nGarnish the platter with lemon wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, 12 cup white wine vinegar, Big pinch sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons snipped fresh dill, plus fronds for garnish, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon coarse grain mustard, 14 lemon, juiced, 2 bunches watercress, stems trimmed, 1 cup yellow and red grape tomatoes, 8 ounces smoked salmon, torn into pieces, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Watercress and Smoked Salmon Salad with Creamy Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 35312: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with liners. Beat together the cream cheese, egg, 13 cup of the granulated sugar and 12 teaspoon of the vanilla extract in a medium bowl on medium speed with an electric mixer until smooth and no lumps remain, 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside.nWhisk the flour, cocoa powder, brown sugar, baking soda, salt and remaining 23 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl. Add the oil, the remaining teaspoon vanilla extract and 1 cup water and mix until combined. Let the batter rest 10 minutes at room temperature, then stir in the vinegar.nDivide the chocolate batter evenly among the prepared muffin cups, filling each cup about twothirds full. Drop about 2 tablespoons of the cream cheese filling in the center of each cupcake.nBake until the cream cheese filling has set and a toothpick inserted into the chocolate cupcake comes out clean, about 20 minutes.nCool in the tin 5 minutes and then use a butter knife or small offset spatula to carefully remove the cupcakes to a wire rack. Cool the cupcakes completely before serving, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon white vinegar], title: Black Bottom Cupcakes, picturelink: Qx6nLiMF2VG7T3R6rlh3aGN6g3xmO3y}, 35313: {instructions: Bring 1 12 cups water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags do not squeeze. Let the tea cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, bring 3 tablespoons water, the sugar and ginger to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool discard the ginger. Stir the ginger syrup into the tea. Pour into ice cube trays and freeze until solid, 2 to 4 hours. Freeze the chopped melon until solid, at least 2 hours.nCombine half each of the tea ice cubes, frozen melon, ginger ale, lemon juice and mint in a blender and puree until smooth. Divide between 2 glasses. Repeat to make 2 more drinks.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [3 cups chopped honeydew melon from 1 small melon, 1 12ounce can ginger ale, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 bags green tea, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Melon Slushes, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 35314: {instructions: Pour the milk into a saucepan with a spout if you have it and add the vanilla seeds and pod and cardamom. Give it a stir. Add the tea bags, tying the string around the handle of the saucepan to easily remove the bags later. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a slight simmer, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.nTake off the heat, remove the tea bags and discard. Stir in the honey, as much as you want. Pour into tea cups., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 black tea bags, 1 tablespoon honey, or more as desired], title: Spiced Tea with Cardamom, picturelink: null}, 35315: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Press pie crust onto bottom and up sides of a 9inch fluted tart pan with removable bottom trim edge, reserving trimmings. Prick the bottom of the crust with a fork. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Cool. Reduce heat to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and season with salt to taste cook 3 minutes or until tender, stirring occasionally.nPlace the mushrooms, sausage, cheese, 12 cup dried cranberries, parsley, eggs, and whipping cream in a large bowl mix well. Pour into tart shell.nOptional: roll out reserved pie crust trimmings on a lightly floured surface. Use cookie cutters to cut into decorative shapes arrange over filling.nBake 25 to 30 minutes or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cut into 8 wedges and garnish with green onions and remaining cranberries and serve., ingredients: [12 14.1ounce package refrigerated pie crust 1 crust, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups sliced fresh button mushrooms, 1 12 cups sliced fresh baby Portobello mushrooms, Salt, 1 9.6ounce package Jimmy DeanR Hearty Original Pork Sausage Crumbles, 1 12 cups 6 ounces shredded Swiss or Gruyere cheese, 34 cup dried cranberries, 3 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, for serving], title: Sausage, Mushroom and Cranberry Tart, picturelink: null}, 35316: {instructions: Preheat a convection oven to 500 degrees F.nHeat an iron skillet over medium high heat. Season both sides of the tuna steaks with blackening spice. Add the tuna to the hot skillet and sear each side for about 1 minute to seal in the moisture. Remove the tuna from the skillet and place in a broiler pan. Top each tuna steak with 1 ounce of butter and place in the oven. Cook for 6 minutes for medium rare or 8 minutes for well done.nAfter you place your tuna in the oven start your Chesapeake topping by sauteing jumbo lump crabmeat with the Virginia Smithfield ham in the butter over medium heat until warmed through. When fish is done, place the Chesapeake topping on fish and finish off with Bearnaise sauce., ingredients: [4 8 to 9ounce tuna steaks, Blackening Spice, 4 ounces butter, 8 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, 4 ounces ham Virginia Smithfield preferred, small diced, 4 ounces butter, Your favorite Bearnaise Sauce, optional], title: Blackened Tuna Chesapeake Style, picturelink: null}, 35317: {instructions: Season the flour with 1 teaspoon of salt and 12 teaspoon of pepper. Coat the crabs with flour and shake off excess. Heat butter and oil in a large skillet. When hot, add the crabs, shell side down first and saute for about 3 to 4 minutes a side stand back a bit from skillet as crab will pop and splatter as you saute them.nRemove the crabs and keep them warm. Add lime zest, juice and water to the pan. Deglaze the pan by scraping up all the browned particles with a wooden spoon and incorporating them into the lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Boil the juices down until syrupy. Set crabs on warmed dinner plates and pour pan juices over them. For fancier occasions, garnish the plate with lemon rounds and sprinkle toasted almonds over the crabs., ingredients: [12 cup all purpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 mediumsized softshell crabs, cleaned, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, Juice of 2 limes, 12 cup water, Optional: 12 cup roasted sliced almonds, Lemon wedges or rounds for garnish], title: SoftShell Crabs with Lime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35318: {instructions: Prepare couscous according to directions on the package. Set aside to cool. Add onion, tomato, scallions, and zucchini. Snip in mint with a kitchen scissors. Add lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 box couscous, 1 red onion, diced, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 2 scallions, sliced, 1 zucchini, diced, 12 cup fresh mint, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Vegetable Couscous Salad, picturelink: null}, 35319: {instructions: In a shallow dish, coat the trout with the cornmeal. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 3 tablespoons of the butter. When the butter begins to melt, place the trout, skinside down, and cook over medium heat until the skin turns brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Gently turn the trout over and continue to cook another 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve the pan juices.nMelt the remaining butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrot and onion and cook until the onion is just translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, blackeyed peas, bay leaf, and thyme. Cook for 5 more minutes. Add just enough water to cover the mixture and lower the heat. Cook until the blackeyed peas are tender, about 1 hour and 30 minutes. Add the strips of country ham. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove thyme sprigs. Place the warm blackeyed peas in the center of a plate. Arrange the trout on top. Drizzle with the pan juices., ingredients: [4 fillets rainbow trout, 34 cup cornmeal, 6 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 1 carrot, diced, 1 onion, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 pound dried blackeyed peas, 1 bay leaf, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 ounces country ham, cut into thin strips], title: Rainbow Trout with Blackeyed Peas and Country Ham, picturelink: null}, 35320: {instructions: Make the spice blend: Toast the cinnamon stick, both peppercorns, cumin, coriander, allspice, cloves and cardamom in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 2 minutes let cool. Grind in a spice grinder or mini food processor with the ginger, turmeric, cayenne, nutmeg and 1 teaspoon salt. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks use leftover spice blend as a rub for meat or fish.nMake the couscous: Heat the butter, 1 12 teaspoons spice blend and the saffron, if desired, in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add the couscous and stir until toasted, about 1 minute. Stir in the warm broth, remove from the heat, cover and set aside until the couscous is plump, about 7 minutes. Add the lemon juice and fluff with a fork. Transfer to a bowl and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon spice blend.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 2 cardamom pods, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Large pinch of saffron optional, 2 14 cups 12 ounces wholewheat couscous, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, warmed, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: Moroccan Couscous, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 35321: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250. Put the apple in a microwavesafe bowl and tightly cover with plastic wrap microwave on high until softened, about 2 minutes.nIn a large bowl, whisk the flours, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a small bowl, whisk the buttermilk, nonfat milk, eggs and honey, then slowly add the dry ingredients, stirring until just combined.nHeat a large nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat. Spoon 14 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake and sprinkle each with apple, then drizzle a little more batter over the apple. Cook until the tops are bubbly and the edges are dry, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown, 1 to 2 more minutes. Keep the pancakes warm on a baking sheet in the oven while making the rest.nPlace 2 pancakes on each plate. Drizzle with the syrup.nRecipe adapted from Ellie Kriegers book, So Easy: Luscious Healthy Recipes for Every Meal of the Week WileynPhotograph by Ngoc Ming Ngo, ingredients: [1 cup lowfat buttermilk, 34 cup nonfat milk, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon honey, 6 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 medium apple, diced, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup wholewheat four, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt], title: WholeWheat Apple Pancakes, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 35322: {instructions: Cut 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough into 1inch pieces. Roll into balls. Deepfry in 350 degrees F vegetable oil, turning as needed, until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Sprinkle generously with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Mini Zeppoles, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 35323: {instructions: Warm the tortillas in a microwave oven for 10 seconds or place in a toaster oven for 15 to 20 seconds to make them easier to roll. Spread the warmed tortillas with the black bean pate, top with turkey, and sprinkle with Monterey Jack cheese. Roll up, and microwave for 45 seconds on high, or until the cheese melts. Or, place in toaster oven for 2 minutes. Cut in 12 crosswise and serve with tomato slices on the side.nDivide cereal and milk evenly between 4 bowls.nDivide between 4 glasses., ingredients: [4 6inch whole wheat tortillas, 12 cup black bean pate, 12 pound sliced smoked turkey breast, 1 cup shredded, reducedfat Monterey Jack cheese, 2 medium tomatoes, sliced, 2 cups highfiber, nosugaradded bran cereal, 2 cups skim milk, 2 cups lowsodium tomato juice], title: Ranchero Burrito with Bran Cereal, picturelink: null}, 35324: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling water, cook conch for 1 hour. Using a meat grinder, grind finely. In a large bowl, combine conch, peppers, onions, capers, chopped cilantro and lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Wrap small amounts of the conch mixture in the spring roll skins, roll, and brush on the beaten egg with a pastry brush to seal the rolls.nAdd oil to a depth of 3 inches in a large pot and heat to 375 degrees F. Carefully add the spring rolls to the hot oil and fry for 3 to 5 minutes, turning once, or until the rolls float to the surface of the oil. Drain on paper towels and serve immediately with the Orange Sofrito Sauce.nTo a medium saucepan, add orange juice and bring to a simmer. Add rice vinegar, sugar, and sofrito. In a small bowl, whisk cornstarch and water together and add slowly add to pan, whisking to blend. Let simmer for 2 to 3 more minutes and then remove from heat. Cover and chill in the refrigerator. Serve chilled with the spring rolls.nIn a blender, combine all ingredients and puree until smooth., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh conch, 1 large red pepper, finely diced, 1 large yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 large white onion, finely diced, 4 ounces capers, chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and pepper, Spring roll wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 4 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup Sofrito, recipe follows:, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons water, 1 medium onion, 2 green Cubanella peppers, 3 cloves garlic, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil], title: Conch Spring Rolls, picturelink: aJvhDUtBsniWHzaixKixduZghc8dOa}, 35325: {instructions: Cook the rice according to the package directions.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan, combine the salmon, shrimp, sausage, tomatoes, beans, bell pepper, oregano, and saffron, set over mediumhigh heat, and bring to a simmer. Let simmer until the shrimp are bright pink and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cooked rice and cook for 2 minutes to heat through. Remove from the heat, stir in parsley, season to taste with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups quickcooking rice, 1 to 2 cups leftover salmon broken into pieces, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 links chorizo or andouille sausage or kielbasa, cut in half lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 15ounce can pink beans, drained, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mixed Seafood Paella with Sausage and Pink Beans, picturelink: null}, 35326: {instructions: The day before roasting, prepare the rub: Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey refrigerate until you make the gravy. Pat the turkey very dry with paper towels. Whisk 2 tablespoons salt, the brown sugar, chile powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, the cumin, coriander and onion powder in a small bowl. Spread about onequarter of the rub inside the cavity of the turkey and spread the rest all over the skin. Set the turkey on a rack in a large roasting pan and refrigerate, uncovered, overnight.nThe next day, let the turkey let sit at room temperature, 30 minutes. Position an oven rack in the lowest position remove the other racks preheat to 350 degrees F.nPour or wipe out any juices that have collected in the bottom of the roasting pan. Stuff the turkey cavity with the onion, carrot, celery and thyme sprigs. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine and tuck the wings under the body.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat whisk in the chopped thyme and the remaining 1 teaspoon paprika. Let cool slightly, then brush all over the turkey. Transfer to the oven and roast 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the Classic Gravy, adding the heavy cream and chipotle and sauce with the stock in step 2.nAfter the turkey has roasted 1 hour, baste it with the drippings. Continue roasting, basting every 30 minutes, until the skin is dark golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 2 more hours.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving reserve the drippings for the gravy. Stir the vinegar into the finished gravy.nPrepare the stock: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the turkey neck and giblets cook, turning, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, carrot, celery, thyme and bay leaves stir to coat. Add the wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Cook until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth, reduce the heat to low and simmer about 1 hour. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a large measuring cup reserve the saucepan. You should have 7 cups stockif youre short, add more broth.nMelt the remaining 8 tablespoons butter in the reserved saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth and bubbling, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the 7 cups stock bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Set aside until the turkey is done.nPour the turkey pan drippings into a fat separator and let stand until the fat rises to the top. Discard the fat or drizzle on your stuffing. Whisk the defatted drippings into the gravy season with salt and pepper. Reheat before serving., ingredients: [1 12 to 14pound turkey thawed if frozen, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, cut into chunks, 1 stalk celery, cut into chunks, 3 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 chipotle chile in adobo, minced, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons sauce from the can, 1 to 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar or dry sherry, Classic Gravy, recipe follows, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, Turkey neck and giblets liver discarded, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 3 sprigs thyme, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 8 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, plus more as needed, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Turkey pan drippings, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Southwestern Turkey with Chipotle Gravy, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 35327: {instructions: In a food processor place the garlic, parsley, pinch salt, walnuts, and cheese. Process until they form a paste. Gradually blend in olive oil, taste adjust your seasoning if necessary. Great with pasta, poultry, vegetables and rice., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 2 cups packed, stemmed Italian parsley, Course salt, 14 cup walnuts, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste, 23 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Parsley Pesto, picturelink: null}, 35328: {instructions: In a heavy large skillet set over mediumhigh heat, heat oil. Add shallots and cook, stirring, about 3 minutes. Season chicken with rosemary, salt and pepper. Add chicken, skin side down, to skillet and cook for 5 minutes, or until skin is browned. Turn chicken over, add tomatoes, including juice and broth and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer, covered, until chicken is just cooked through, about 7 to 10 minutes.nTransfer chicken to serving plate. Boil sauce over high heat until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add cheese and olives and simmer, stirring, until heated through. Spoon sauce over chicken and garnish with rosemary sprigs.nWine Suggestions: A rose from the Languedoc Valley in Southern France, most recent vintage available or Boutari Red Noussa Reserve, Greece, most recent vintage available, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large shallots, chopped, 4 boneless chicken breast halves, with skin, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves or 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 cup crumbled feta, 12 cup chopped brinecured black olives such as Kalamata], title: Chicken with Tomato and Feta Cheese Sauce, picturelink: MbLx1KhP4vnDnx19lGmqEZfbbf8tfG}, 35329: {instructions: Special equipment: An 8 to 9inch square baking dish, preferably not aluminum A hotwater bath 20 to 30 spoons, preferably longhandled A kitchen torchnPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat the ground coffee, cream, halfandhalf, and vanilla bean in a medium saucepan over medium heat just to a boil. Immediately turn off the heat. Set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks with the sugar in a large bowl just until combined. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in the hot cream mixture. Strain the mixture into the baking pan to smooth it and to remove the vanilla bean.nPlace the pan in a hot water bath. Bake in the center of the oven until set but not too firm it will cook a little more as it cools, 40 to 50 minutes. Remove from the water bath and let cool 15 minutes. Tightly cover with plastic wrap, making sure the plastic does not touch the surface of the custard. The recipe can be made up to this point and kept refrigerated up to 3 days in advance.nUp to 4 hours before serving, fill the spoons with the chilled cooked custard by scooping each spoon into the pan of custard. Round the tops with a small spatula, or a butter knife. Keep cold. Right before serving, fire up your kitchen torch. Top each spoonful of custard with coarse sugar by sprinkling the entire surface and placing it on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining spoons. Torch the spoons until the sugar is melted and well browned, about 1 minute. Let cool 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly ground coffee or crushed coffee beans, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup halfandhalf, 14 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or 18 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup coarse sugar, raw sugar, or demerara sugar], title: Coffee Brulee Spoonfuls, picturelink: null}, 35330: {instructions: Heat a pan until hot and then add the olive oil and garlic. Add in your meat leave all the meat whole, letting it flavor up in the garlic and olive oil and get seared on all sides. Pour in enough tomato puree so that all the meat is covered by more than 1 inch. Stir in some salt and pepper, turn up the heat and cook until it starts to bubble up. Lower the heat to medium and continue cooking, 5 to 6 hours.nRemove the meat from the pot. You now have a beautiful flavored meat sauce for your pasta. And the meat becomes the next courseyour secondo., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 7 ounces200 g ribs, beef or pork, 7 ounces200 g pork belly, 7 ounces200 g sausage, beef or pork, 7 ounces200 g mixed cuts stewing beef, 750 grams tomato puree, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Pasta, for serving], title: Neddas Ragu Napoletana, picturelink: null}, 35331: {instructions: Make the dough: Whisk 1 cup warm water 105 with the sugar in a bowl scatter the yeast over the top and set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the olive oil.nWhisk the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture. Gradually stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients to make a rough, shaggy dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Add more flour to prevent sticking, if necessary. Form the dough into a ball place in a large oiled bowl, turning to coat with oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until the dough has doubled in size, about 90 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the toppings: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cabbage, season with salt and cook until just soft, about 5 minutes. Add the pickling spices and just enough water to cover. Simmer over low heat, covered, until the cabbage is tender, about 20 minutes. Drain the cabbage and set aside discard spices.nPlace a pizza stone in the oven, if you have one, and preheat to 500. Toss the potato with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in a single layer on a baking sheet until golden, about 15 minutes.nDivide the dough into 2 equal pieces. Roll one into a 14inch round keep the remaining dough covered. Place the round on a floured pizza peel if baking on a stone or a large oiled pizza pan drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Scatter half of each of the cheeses, corned beef, cabbage and potatoes on top. Season with salt and pepper. Carefully slip the pizza onto the hot stone, if using, or place the pan in the oven. Cook until golden and crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough and toppings.nPhotograph by: Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 1 package active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 3 cups allpurpose flour, or 234 cups plus 14 cup wholewheat flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the pan, 3 cups sliced green cabbage, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pickling spices, tied securely in cheesecloth, 1 large potato, peeled and thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 34 cup shredded monterey jack cheese, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, 6 ounces sliced corned beef], title: CornedBeefandCabbage Pizza, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 35332: {instructions: Wash rattlesnake meat thoroughly through a colander and marinate with soy sauce overnight in a plastic bag in the refrigerator.nSpray olive oil in a heated, nonstick coated wok and sear marinated meat. Set meat aside.nBrown the bacon in the wok. When the bacon is nearly done, add bell peppers and onion and cook until the vegetables are translucent and tender. Add the eggs and stir constantly until they are firmly set. Add rattlesnake to mixture and cook on medium heat for about 10 minutes. Stir in cooked rice, garlic seasoning and pepper, to taste. Turn heat down to keep rice from sticking to wok and mix ingredients well before serving.nNote: chicken can be substituted for rattlesnake meat ., ingredients: [12 pound rattlesnake meat, deboned see note, 1 8ounce bottle soy sauce can substitute teriyaki sauce, 1 can olive oil cooking spray recommended: Pam brand, 1 pound bacon cut into 12inch strips, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 large white onion, diced, 8 large eggs, lightly beaten, Garlic salt recommended: Lawrys brand, Black pepper, coarsely ground, 3 bags rice, cooked recommended: Success brand], title: Philipino Fried Rattlesnake, picturelink: null}, 35333: {instructions: Beat the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed for 3 minutes, until very thick. Reduce to low speed and mix in the cornstarch.nWith the mixer still on low, slowly pour the hot milk into the egg mixture I use a liquid measuring cup for pouring. Pour the mixture into a clean, small, deep saucepan and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until it reaches 180 degrees F on a candy thermometer and thickens to the consistency of heavy cream. The mixture will coat the spoon. Dont cook it above 180 degrees F or the eggs will scramble Immediately it will keep cooking in the saucepan, pour the sauce through a finemesh sieve into a bowl and stir in the vanilla, Cognac, Grand Marnier and orange zest. Cover and chill.nServe with Dark Chocolate Terrine.nLightly oil an 8 12by4 12by2inch loaf pan and line it as neatly as possible with plastic wrap, allowing the ends to drape over the sides. I lay two pieces of plastic wrap crosswise in the pan, overlapping in the center. Place the pan in the freezer.nPlace a large heatproof bowl over a pan of simmering water. Place the butter in the bowl, then the chocolate and coffee powder and heat until just melted, stirring occasionally with a rubber spatula. As soon as the chocolate and butter are melted, take the bowl off the heat and whisk in, one at a time, and in order, first the confectioners sugar, then the cocoa powder, egg yolks, Cognac and salt. Set the bowl aside for 15 minutes to cool.nPlace the egg whites and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat on high speed until the whites form firm but not dry peaks. Fold the whites into the cooled chocolate mixture with a rubber spatula.nWithout cleaning the bowl or whisk attachment, pour the cream and vanilla into the bowl and beat on high speed until it forms firm peaks. Fold the cream carefully but thoroughly into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the prepared loaf pan, smooth the top, fold the plastic wrap over the top and chill for 4 hours or overnight.nTo serve, turn the terrine out of the mold and unwrap it. Spoon a puddle of Orange Sauce in the middle of each dessert plate and place a slice of the terrine in the middle. Sprinkle each serving lightly with orange zest and fleur de sel.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [4 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 34 cups scalded whole milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons Cognac or brandy, 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier liqueur, 14 teaspoon grated orange zest, Dark Chocolate Terrine, for serving, Vegetable oil, for greasing the pan, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, such as Lindt, broken in bits, 1 teaspoon instant coffee powder, 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 8 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Cognac or brandy, Pinch of kosher salt, 3 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 cup cold heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Freshly grated orange zest, for serving, Fleur de sel, for serving], title: Orange Sauce, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 35334: {instructions: Combine the spinach and red onions in a large bowl.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot and shimmering. Add the mushrooms and salt to taste, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until they start to release their moisture and begin to shrink, 2 to 3 minutes. Now let the mushrooms cook undisturbed until their liquid evaporates and they have turned deep golden brown on one side, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir and continue cooking until nicely browned on both sides, 3 to 5 minutes more. With a slotted spoon, remove the mushrooms from the pan and toss with the spinach and onions.nIn a separate, heavybottomed saucepan, cook the pancetta over mediumlow heat until dark and crispy, about 15 minutes. Remove from the pan with a slotted spoon and reserve.nTo the rendered fat in the pan, add the vinegar, honey and mustard. Bring to a boil and whisk to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste and then pour the warm dressing over the spinach, mushrooms and onions. Add the reserved pancetta and toss to distribute the heat and dressing.nServe in a salad bowl, garnished with pine nuts., ingredients: [10 ounces fresh baby spinach, stems removed, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt, 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, cut into 1 12inch strips, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces pine nuts, toasted about 13 cup], title: Warm Spinach Salad with Pancetta Dressing, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 35335: {instructions: For the quail eggs: In a 2 quart sauce pan filled 23 of water add vinegar and bring to a boil. On a simmer, open eggs into the water and try to gather the whites around the yolks. Cook only briefly, 12 minutes, should keep the eggs runny. For the spiced biscuits: In a food processor, combine all dry ingredients, thyme and zest. Add chilled butter and pulse to small pieces. Add eggmilk mixture and incorporate. Do not over mix. Remove form processor and roll out on a floured surface. Using a 2inch round pastry cutter, make circles and bake on parchment paper at 350 degrees for 12 to 14 minutes until golden brown. A tester should come out cleanly. Makes 12 biscuits, 2 per serving.nFor the salad: In a small saute pan on medium heat, add 1 tablespoon oil and saute lemongrass and scallion whites until soft, about 4 minutes. Season and set aside. In a bowl, whisk together juice, coriander, scallion greens and remaining oil. Add lemongrass and check for seasoning. In another bowl, mix crab and fennel. Add 23 of the vinaigrette and toss to coat. Check for seasoning.nPLATING Cut the biscuits in half. Lay a little salad down to prevent sliding and place the bottom half on the salad. Top with small mound of salad the top with egg. Drizzle on vinaigrette and rest top of biscuit against the mound., ingredients: [12 each quail eggs, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, Water, 2 34 cup bread flour, 2 34 cup cake flour, 12 tablespoons salt, 38 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 12 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, Zest of above lemon, minced, 12 cup chilled butter 4 ounces, 2 whole eggs, About 12 ounces buttermilk Place 2 eggs in a pint cup and top fill with milk to the top, 2 stalks lemongrass, finely minced, white part only, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil plus 1 tablespoon, 3 each scallions, 116inch slice, greenwhite separated, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 tablespoon coarse ground, toasted coriander, 1 large head fennel, decored and shaved paper thin, 12 pound fresh crab leg meat, picked through thoroughly, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Eggs Benedict with Quail Eggs and Spiced Biscuits with LemongrassCrabFennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 35336: {instructions: Edible flowers, for garnishnBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add haricots verts and cook until crisp tender, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the haricots verts to a bowl of ice water to stop them from cooking.nReturn the pot of water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain the pasta and let cool.nIn a large serving bowl, combine all ingredients, except edible flowers. Toss until ingredients are thoroughly coated with dressing.nGarnish with edible flowers and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 8ounce package haricots verts recommended: Earth Exotics, 1 12ounce box tricolor rotini pasta, 1 12ounce jar roasted yellow peppers, cut into small strips, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, cut into small strips, 12 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs such as mint, basil, tarragon and marjoram, 34 cup poppy seed salad dressing recommended: Knotts], title: Fresh Herb Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 35337: {instructions: Stir the picante sauce, honey and ginger in a large bowl.nCut the wings in half at the joints to make 24 pieces. Toss the wings with the picante sauce mixture. Place them in a foillined shallow baking pan.nBake at 400 degrees F for 55 minutes or until theyre glazed and cooked through, turning and brushing often with the sauce during the last 30 minutes of baking time. Discard any remaining sauce., ingredients: [1 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 chicken wings tips removed or 24 chicken drumettes], title: Sweet and Spicy Chicken Wings, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 35338: {instructions: Stir sugar and water in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat untill sugar dissolves. Increase heat boil until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan, 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in vinegar mixture will bubble vigorously. Add juice and shallots: Boil until reduced to 34 cup, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Add broth: boil until reduced to 1 cup, 30 minutes. Set aside.nUsing small knife, cut off peel and white pith from 4 oranges. Working over bowl, cut between membranes to release segments. Sauce and oranges can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover separately chill.nUsing small knife, score duck skin do not pierce meat in crosshatch pattern. Sprinkle duck with salt and pepper. Heat heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place duck breasts skin down in skillet. Cook until brown and crisp, about 8 minutes. Turn duck and cook 2 minutes more and transfer to baking dish. Bake in a 450 degree oven for 5 to 7 minutes, about 10 minutes longer for mediumrare. Transfer to cutting board. Let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, bring sauce to simmer. Add butter and 1 tablespoon grated orange peel whisk just until butter melts. Drain orange segments and mix into sauce. Set aside. Slice duck breasts crosswise on diagonal. Arrange on 6 plates. Spoon orange segments with sauce alongside. Sprinkle with remaining peel., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 3 cups fresh orange juice, 4 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth, 6 large oranges, 3 1 pound boneless Muscovy duck breast halves, thawed if frozen, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons grated orange peel], title: Duck a lOrange, picturelink: null}, 35339: {instructions: Special equipment: six 8by4inch aluminum foil loaf pansnFor the noodles: Cook the noodles according to the package instructions. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Drain the noodles and transfer them to the prepared sheet.nFor the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook for a minute. Add the red peppers and saute for another minute or so. Add the mushrooms, yellow squash and zucchini and cook for a few minutes. Pour in the wine, add the red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper and stir. Pour in the tomatoes, using your hands to squeeze and crush the tomatoes, and add the tomato paste. Stir to combine, bring to a simmer and let simmer for 20 minutes or so. Stir in the parsley.nFor the ricotta mix: In a bowl, combine the ricotta, Parmesan, eggs, 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper.nTo assemble: Grab a foil loaf pan and spoon in 14 to 12 cup of the sauce on the bottom of the pan. Lay out 3 noodles and spoon 14 cup of the ricotta mix on each and spread evenly. Roll each noodle tightly and place the rolled noodles in the loaf pan on top of the sauce. Top with more sauce and sprinkle with shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Cook immediately, or cover with foil and freeze.nTo cook immediately, bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees F until bubbly, about 25 minutes. To cook frozen, remove the loaf pans from the freezer and bake, covered, at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes. Uncover and bake until the cheese is nice and bubbly, an additional 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound lasagna noodles, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 24 ounces white mushrooms, chopped, 2 yellow squash, diced, 2 zucchini, diced, 12 cup white wine, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 14 cup tomato paste, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 32 ounces ricotta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds shredded fresh mozzarella, Grated Parmesan, for sprinkling], title: Veggie Lasagna Rollups, picturelink: null}, 35340: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and okra cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate cover to keep warm. Add the celery, bell pepper and scallion whites to the skillet. Cover and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 2 minutes.nUncover the skillet stir in the garlic, thyme and 12 teaspoon salt. Add the rice and stir to coat. Stir in the blackeyed peas and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a gentle simmer. Cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, 5 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork. Stir in the sausageokra mixture, the tomatoes and scallion greens., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12ounce package fully cooked andouille sausages, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 10ounce bag frozen sliced okra, thawed and drained, 3 stalks celery, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped white and green parts separated, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 1 cup frozen blackeyed peas, thawed, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped], title: Hoppin John with Andouille, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 35341: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRub the bottom of a 8inch nonstick saute pan with the clove of garlic. Pour 12 cup of heavy cream in the saute pan and place over high heat. Season the cream with a little nutmeg, salt and pepper. Slice the potato in 14inch thick circles. As you slice, add them to the heating cream in even layers. Once all of the potatoes have been added to the bubbling cream, sprinkle the grated Parmesan over the potatoes, then pour the remaining heavy cream over the top. Place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Once baked and all brown on top, remove from the oven and let rest for 2 to 3 minutes. Cut in 4 pie shaped pieces and serve 2 wedges per person., ingredients: [1 pound russet potatoes, scrubbed clean, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 34 cup heavy cream, Few grates whole nutmeg, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper], title: Gratin Potatoes, picturelink: i9HBWKS.XbTzZ8ywDdlcan.vAbZeRwu}, 35342: {instructions: On pita bread, layer tomatoes, Cheddar cheese, mayonnaise, salt, pepper, and lettuce. Serve right away, ingredients: [Warm pita bread, 2 giant slices of fieldgrown tomato, Sharp Vermont Cheddar cheese, Prepared mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Curly green leaf lettuce], title: Tomato Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 35343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSift all the dry ingredients into a large bowl and set aside.nIn a large bowl add the butter and the sugar. Using a handheld electric mixer, combine until light and fluffynAdd the egg whites and vanilla and beat on medium speed for about 1 minute. Add about 13 of the flour mixture to the batter and beat until incorporated. Add about half of the buttermilk and continue to beat on medium speed until well mixed. Continue adding dry and wet ingredients, scraping the bowl and beating until incorporated after each addition. End with the dry ingredients. The batter will be thick and glossy. Spray muffin tins with nonstick cooking spray and bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool.nScoop out a small hole just in the middle of the top of the cupcake with a paring knife. Fill with fresh whipped cream and seasonal fruit. Garnish with a sprig of mint and serve.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 cups cake flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 3 sticks butter, room temperature, 2 13 cups sugar, 3 large egg whites, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups buttermilk, room temperature, Sweetened whipped cream, for topping, Seasonal fruit, for topping, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Scooped Out Cupcake Tarts, picturelink: null}, 35344: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, boil pasta until al dente.nMeanwhile, in a big, deep pot, brown beef in oil over medium high heat. Add onions, peppers, and garlic. Season meat mixture with chili powder, cumin, cayenne, and salt. Cook together 5 minutes, stir in beer or broth, and reduce liquid by half, 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and simmer for 10 minutes.nDrain pasta. Add hot pasta to chili pot and stir to coat pasta evenly. Remove from heat and garnish big bowlfuls of chili mac with chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 pound corkscrew shaped pasta with lines or elbows with lines, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 1 sweet onion, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, seed and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons 1 12 palm fuls dark chili powder, 2 tablespoons 1 palm ful cumin, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper sauce, Coarse salt, 1 cup beer or beef broth, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Chili Mac, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 35345: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the mayonnaise with the mustard. Toss the herb salad mix in a separate small bowl with the extravirgin olive oil, lemon juice and some salt and pepper.nSlather both cut sides of the bread with the mayonnaisemustard mixture. On one slice of bread, layer on the meatloaf slices, pickles and then the salad. Top with the second slice of bread, slice and serve., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, mixed herb salad, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 8inch loaf French bread, sliced open, untoasted, Two 12 inch thick slices meatloaf, Assorted pickles, such as carrots, cucumbers andor turnips, for topping], title: VietnameseStyle Meatloaf Sub, picturelink: seYPCUOK9kdVaaaTdiB3qLGwQcLu2cC}, 35346: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter and dust with about 2 tablespoons of the sugar, 6 1cup souffle dishes. Chill until needed.nMelt the chocolate in a metal bowl set over a double boiler. Remove from the heat and stir in the egg yolks and the liqueur.nWhip all 7 egg whites until they form soft peaks. Whip in the lemon juice and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Continue to whip the whites until they are stiff but still very shiny. Stir a quarter of them into the chocolate mixture, and then gently fold in the remaining whites.nFill the molds with the souffle mixture. Run your thumb around the inside edge of each dish so that the souffles will form a hat. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the edges are set but the middle is still just a little soft.nServe on napkinlined dessert plates. Dust the tops with powdered sugar, if desired, and spoon a dollop of whipped cream into the center of each souffle. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 1 ounce unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 4 eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 3 egg whites, 12 lemon, juiced, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Unsweetened whipped cream], title: Chocolate Souffle, picturelink: null}, 35347: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nSoak the bread in the milk for 15 minutes. Line the bottom of a 2 to 2 12 quart shallow casserole with a layer of bread soaked bread. Top with a layer of tomato sauce and mozzarella and some strips of ham. Continue layering, finishing last layer with bread topped with tomato sauce.nBeat the eggs with Parmesan and pour the mixture over the bread. With a fork, pierce through layers until egg mixture is absorbed by bread. Dot the top with butter and bake for 45 minutes or until top if browned and puffed.nWhile this is baking make a nice vegetable salad to accompany this dish., ingredients: [8inch long French or Italian bread cut into 12inch thick slices, 1 cup milk, 2 cups tomato sauce, fresh or jarred, 8 ounces to 1 pound grated or sliced Fontina or Mozzarella cheese, 4 ounces smoked black forest ham, torn into strips, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons butter cut into pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheese Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 35348: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl combine the sugar and fish sauce, and mix until the sugar has dissolved. Add half of the lemongrass, half of the chile, half of the garlic and the chicken pieces. Coat the chicken, then let it marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour or overnight for a better result.nHeat a large saucepan or wok over medium heat, add the oil and remaining lemongrass and cook for 1 minute. Then add the garlic, shallots, chile, and fry until fragrant and slightly brown.nTurn the heat to high, then add the chicken searing all sides until browned, about 2 minutes on each side.nAdd the onions and coconut juice, and cover with a lid. Cook the mixture over medium heat for 5 minutes, or until the sauce has reduced by half. Remove the lid, add the scallions and cook 1 minute more.nTransfer the mixture to a bowl, garnish with coriander cilantro and eat with jasmine rice., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 lemongrass stalks white part only, finely diced, 2 long red chiles, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely diced, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 pound chicken thigh fillets, cut into bitesize pieces, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 onion, cut into wedges, 1 cup young coconut juice, 2 spring onions, sliced in 3inch pieces, 3 coriander cilantro sprigs for garnish, Steamed jasmine rice, for serving], title: Lemongrass Chile Chicken Cooked In Young Coconut Juice: Ga Xao Xa Ot, picturelink: null}, 35349: {instructions: Put the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 2 inches bring to a simmer and cook 10 minutes. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool. Meanwhile, put the potatoes in a pot of salted water, bring to a simmer and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and keep warm. Whisk the vinegar, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil, whisking, until the dressing is creamy. Add the potatoes, giardiniera, salami, olives, chives and kale, and toss. Peel and quarter the eggs. Add to the salad and gently toss.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 large eggs, 2 medium russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups giardiniera Italian pickled vegetables, drained, rinsed and coarsely chopped, 2 ounces delisliced salami, cut into strips, 14 cup chopped pitted green olives, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 4 ounces baby kale or other hearty salad greens, torn about 5 cups], title: Antipasto Chefs Salad, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 35350: {instructions: 1. Combine 14 cup WishBoneReg Italian Dressing with chipotle chile pepper in small bowl. Brush chicken and onion with dressing mixture.n2. Grill or broil chicken and onion, turning once, 10 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked and onion is tender thinly slice chicken.n3. Arrange spring salad mix on serving platter. Top with beans, mango, avocado, onion and chicken. Just before serving, drizzle with remaining 14 cup Dressing., ingredients: [12 cup WishBoneu00ae Italian Dressing, divided, 14 tsp. ground chipotle chile pepper, 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 small onion, cut into 12inchthick slices, 8 cups spring salad mix, 1 can 15 oz. black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 medium mango, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 medium avocado, cut into bitesize pieces], title: Spicy Southwest Chicken Salad, picturelink: x1Yt5v.BEYVznGunqmNYENodnbQfWY2}, 35351: {instructions: In a bowl, combine beef broth, cornstarch, soy sauce, garlic, and red pepper. Whisk until cornstarch dissolves. Set aside.nSeason beef with salt and thinly slice. Add to the bowl and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes.nBring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat. Add broccoli, sugar snap peas, mushrooms, scallions, and 14 cup of the marinade from the beef. Stirring occasionally, cook until broccoli softens, about 3 minutes.nAdd beef and remaining marinade. Stirring occasionally, cook until beef is cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes.nServe it up and season to taste with additional salt and garnish with sliced scallions, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [12 cup fatfree beef broth, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 tablespoon reducedsodium or lite soy sauce, 1 12 cloves garlic, chopped 12 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 ounces raw lean filet mignon or leanest cut available, sliced, Dash salt, 2 cups broccoli florets, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 cup sugar snap peas, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, plus thinly sliced scallions, for serving, optional], title: ChopChop Beef StirFry, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 35352: {instructions: Quarter one of the onions and place in a large pot with the chicken, beer, and 2 bay leaves. Add just enough water to come up to the top of the chicken pieces. Bring to a low boil over mediumhigh heat, and then lower the heat and simmer until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the hot liquid to a bowl and shred the meat with forks. Strain and reserve the stock.nMeanwhile, in a small pot, cover the anchos with just enough water to cover and simmer to reconstitute, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the anchos to a food processor bowl, reserving the cooking liquid.nToast the almonds in a saucepot large enough in which to make the sauce. Remove the toasted nuts to the food processor bowl.nSlice the 2 remaining onions. Heat the extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat in the same pot you toasted the nuts in. Add the onions, garlic, last 2 bay leaves, raisins, red chile, oregano, cumin, cocoa, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook to soften the onions, 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the crushed tomatoes and heat through. Transfer to the food processor with the reconstituted anchos and almonds. Process into a thick paste and return to the saucepot. Add a little of the chicken stock and ancho stock to thin the sauce a bit. It should remain thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add the shredded chicken to the sauce then serve with warm corn or flour tortillas for wrapping. Garnish with pepitas., ingredients: [3 medium onions, 8 boneless chicken thighs, 1 Mexicanstyle beer recommended: Negra Modela, 4 fresh bay leaves, 3 ancho chilies, seeded and stemmed, 14 cup sliced almonds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 1 red chile pepper, such as Fresno or Holland, 2 small stems fresh oregano or marjoram, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon cumin, 2 tablespoons unsweetened Mexican cocoa powder, Pinch cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can fireroasted crushed tomatoes, Small corn or flour tortillas, warmed to package directions, for serving, Toasted pepitas, for garnish], title: BeerPoached Pulled Chicken Mole, picturelink: fgTRwjDTleg3KKoTJMrI8NSulc9RxQG}, 35353: {instructions: For the crust: In a large mixing bowl, combine the flours and the butter powder, if using. Add the shortening and using a pastry blender, cut in the shortening until it resembles coarse crumbs. Set aside. In a small bowl, beat together the egg, vinegar, salt, and water. Add egg mixture to the flour mixture and combine with a fork, just until the dough comes together. Do not over mix. Form dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill for several hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling, drain the thawed raspberries, reserving the juice in a measuring cup. Drain the cherries and add enough of the juice from the cherries to make 1 cup liquid total.nIn a saucepan mix the sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in the juice and add the cherries, and simmer over mediumlow heat until filling is thick and clear, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the butter. Very gently fold in the raspberries. Set aside.nUsing a little more than 13 of the dough, roll it out between 2 pieces of plastic wrap to a size that will overlap the edge of a 9inch glass pie dish. Fit dough in pie dish, trimming off excess.nAdd the filling. Roll out the remaining dough to fit the top. Place the dough over the filling, cut off the excess, and crimp edges to seal the dough. Brush the top with milk and sprinkle with sugar. Cut 3 or 4 slits for steam vents.nPlace on the bottom shelf of the oven. Bake for 10 minutes, and then move to the middle shelf, reduce the heat to 350 degrees F, and continue to bake until the crust is a golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes more. Cool completely before cutting., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cake flour, 2 tablespoons super rich butter powder, optional, 1 cup shortening, 1 whole egg, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup ice water, One 10ounce package frozen red raspberries, thawed, 2 cups canned pitted sour cherries in juice, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, Milk, for brushing crust, 1 tablespoon sugar, for sprinkling], title: CherryRed Raspberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 35354: {instructions: Heat a heavy nonstick pan over high heat. Add the lamb and 3 tablespoons of oil. Sear the meat, turning and tossing, until nicely browned all over. Transfer meat to a plate. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the onion to the pan and cook, stirring often, until the onions are browned, about 15 minutes. Stir in the ginger, garlic, cumin, coriander, red pepper, paprika, and turmeric and cook for 3 minutes. Add the tomato puree, meat, salt, and enough water to fully cover the meat, about 1 12 cups. Bring contents to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 1 12 hours or until the meat is cooked and very tender. Fold in the spinach and garam marsala. Serve sprinkled with cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 pounds of lean, boneless leg of lamb, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 5 tablespoons of light vegetable oil, 2 cups finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoons of grated or crushed fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground red pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup tomato puree, Coarse salt to taste, 1 cup packed chopped cooked spinach, fresh or frozen, 2 teaspoons garam masala, homemade or storebought, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves and tender stems], title: Lamb with Spinach Sauce Saag Gosht, picturelink: null}, 35355: {instructions: For the fennel: Heat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nSlice a thin layer off the root end of each fennel bulb. Cut each fennel bulb into 8 wedges, keeping the root end intact. Chop 2 tablespoons fennel fronds and reserve. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the fennel wedges until crisptender, about 1 12 minutes. Remove from the water and set aside so the water evaporates and the fennel cools slightly.nBrush all sides of the fennel with the olive oil. Season with a sprinkle of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper. Place the fennel bulbs on the grill, 1 cutside down. Grill the fennel until golden and caramelized, about 4 minutes. Flip and grill 4 minutes more on the other cut side.nMeanwhile, for the sauce: Brush the jalapeno with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the jalapeno on the grill and grill on all sides, turning while grilling, until some charring occurs, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the jalapeno from the grill, remove the stem and chop the pepper very well. Place in a medium bowl with the honey, vinegar and reserved fennel fronds. Whisk to bring together and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the fennel from the grill and drizzle the sauce over the top. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 bulbs fennel, stalks removed and fronds reserved, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole jalapeno, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup honey, 3 teaspoons apple cider vinegar], title: Grilled Fennel with Grilled Jalapeno Sauce, picturelink: XuC1izt4U1EVTwzPES30OtnSK0nVK}, 35356: {instructions: For the beans: Quarter the carrot, onion, and celery. In a 4quart saucepan, sweat the vegetables and garlic with the bacon for 3 minutes. Add the beans and cover with twice the volume of chicken stock or cold water. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook for 2 hours or until soft. Remove from heat and cool in liquid. Remove vegetables and bacon, and drain well. Makes about 1 quart of beans. For the brandade: Place the cooked beans, anchovies, Parmesan, garlic, and rosemary in a food processor. Puree until smooth. Add olive oil in a steady stream while blending. Season with salt and freshly cracked white pepper., ingredients: [1 medium carrot, peeled, 1 medium onion, peeled, 3 stalks celery, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 14 pound bacon, 2 cups dried cannellini beans, soaked overnight and drained, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 quart cooked cannellini beans, drained, 6 salted anchovy fillets, rinsed, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped rosemary, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly cracked white pepper], title: White Bean Brandade, picturelink: null}, 35357: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 equal pieces. Dust a counter with some flour and roll each piece into a 14inchthick round, dusting the dough with flour as needed to prevent sticking. Place 2 dough rounds on each of 2 rimmed baking sheets. Brush the dough with half of the olive oil. Dot each round evenly with the ricotta and torn mozzarella. Sprinkle the tomatoes over the cheeses and season with the salt. Top with the fennel and a drizzle of the remaining olive oil. Bake for 20 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through.nAfter 20 minutes, remove the baking sheets from the oven and sprinkle the pizzette evenly with the Parmesan. Turn the broiler to high and place one baking sheet under the broiler until the Parmesan is melted and browned, about 3 minutes. Remove and repeat with the remaining baking sheet. Sprinkle with the fennel fronds and serve., ingredients: [One 15ounce ball pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup ricotta, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, torn, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced or quartered, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 fennel bulb, shaved, fronds reserved, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Fennel Gratin Pizzette, picturelink: Ad2x5E5do4eJZ39YfUA0MSuh9uAY0vG}, 35358: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Peel, core and slice apples into a bowl. Add 12 of the sugar, the spices and lemon juice. Mix lightly and pour into buttered 1 12 quart casserole. Blend the remaining sugar, flour, salt and butter to a crumbly consistency. Add the nuts and sprinkle over the apple mixture. Bake 45 minutes or until the apples are tender and the crust is nicely browned. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [6 tart apples, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 34 cup sifted flour, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons butter, 14 cup chopped nuts, Whipped cream or ice cream], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: null}, 35359: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken stock, heavy cream, corn and some salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is mostly evaporated and the corn is soft. If the corn isnu00bft done but the liquid is gone, add a little more stock and continue cooking. Stir in the vinegar and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, plus more if needed, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 ears corn, shucked and kernels cut off, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar], title: Corn Off the Cob, picturelink: USL2VizUlLdK6j3k3N5uOpjlbEAP25y}, 35360: {instructions: For stuffed eggplant:nSlice the eggplant lengthwise and cut into 14inch thick slices, using a mandoline or sharp knife. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil.nAdd the flour to a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In another shallow dish, combine the eggs and the milk and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dip the eggplant slices into flour, and then into the egg mixture.nFry the eggplant, in batches, in the hot oil until golden brown on both sides. Remove the eggplant to paper towels to drain. Repeat until all the eggplant has been fried.nFor the stuffing:nIn a large bowl combine the 3 cheeses, parsley and the 2 beaten eggs. Mix well and season with salt and pepper, to taste. The mixture should be a little wet, so add enough bread crumbs to make a dry mixture that will not stick to your hands.nLay the eggplant slices on a flat surface and divide the filling between the slices. Roll up and arrange in a lightly greased ovenproof dish. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor quick tomato sauce:nAdd the canola oil to a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add the garlic and onions and saute until golden brown.nStir in the chopped tomatoes, tomato paste and vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Cook for 5 minutes, then reduce the heat and continue to cook at a simmer for another 15 minutes. Add the basil and the butter and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo finish the dish:nRemove the eggplant from the refrigerator, top with the fresh tomato sauce and bake until the eggplant is cooked through and the sauce is bubbling, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 large eggplants, peeled, 12 cup canola oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, beaten, 14 cup milk, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, plus more if needed, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large white onion, diced, 2 14.5ounce cans chopped plum tomatoes, 12 cup tomato paste, 2 cups vegetable stock, 6 fresh basil leaves, 14 cup butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Three Cheese Stuffed Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 35361: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Slice tomatoes in half through the middle of the tomato. In small bowl combine olive oil, garlic, basil and oregano. Drizzle over tomatoes. Bake for 20  25 minutes. Serve with Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, cored, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon oregano, 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated, 1 teaspoon dried basil], title: Savory Baked Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 35362: {instructions: Special equipment: a large electric fryernIn the bowl of an electric mixer, sprinkle the yeast over the warm water. Stir to dissolve. Add the sugar, salt, eggs and evaporated milk. Beat until blended. Add 2 cups of the flour by big spoonfuls. Beat until smooth. Add the shortening, and then beat in the remaining 1 12 cups flour. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 3 hours.nIn a large electric fryer, preheat the oil to 360 degrees F.nRoll out the dough to a 18inch thickness on a lightly floured work surface. Cut the dough into 2 12inch squares.nIn batches of 8, fry the squares in the hot oil until lightly browned on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle heavily with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 34 cup warm water 105 degrees F, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup evaporated milk, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for dusting, 18 cup vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 8 cups peanut oil, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Beignets, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 35363: {instructions: Pastry:nFilling:nIcing:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat water and margarine or butter to boiling point. Add flour and stir constantly until mixture is smooth and forms a ball. Remove from heat and let cool. Beat in 4 eggs, 1 at a time and once incorporated, place into a pastry bag. On a greased cookie sheet, pipe out dough in thick lines that form eclairs. Bake for approximately 30 minutes or until light brown. Set aside to cool.nIn a medium saucepan, prepare filling by whisking together the flour, cocoa powder, sugar and salt. Whisk in about 1 cup milk and cook over low heat, stirring often, until thickened or the consistency of mayonnaise. Add the rest of the milk and then temper in 3 beaten eggs and continue to cook until mixture is even thicker. Remove from heat, cool and add vanilla.nWith a serrated knife, slice pastry puffs lengthwise, but not all the way through. Pipe custard mixture into the center. Melt chocolate for icing, add sugar and cream. Cook over medium heat until soft ball stage. Let cool and beat until smooth. Ice tops of the eclairs., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 stick margarine or butter, 1 cup sifted allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups milk, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 1ounce squares chocolate, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup whipping cream], title: Chocolate Stuffed Eclairs, picturelink: NwK5bCzzL1BGYPAPZ5qm5Fz2x1IoDkW}, 35364: {instructions: Place the beets in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer the beets, loosely covered, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until easily pierced with a fork. Drain the beets, reserving 2 cups of the cooking liquid. When cool enough to handle, rub the skins off.nSlice the beets into strips and place in a 1quart jar, along with the onion and garlic. In a saucepan, combine the vinegar, sugar, cardamom seeds, cloves, salt, and the reserved cooking liquid. Heat just enough to dissolve the sugar, while stirring. Pour warm vinegar liquid over the beets, onion and garlic in the jar. Let cool to room temperature, then cover, and refrigerate overnight. Pickled beets will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator.nIn a large bowl, combine the pickled beets, gherkins, and apple. In a small bowl, blend together the horseradish, sour cream, salt, and sugar, and add to the pickled beet mixture. Stir gently, cover and refrigerate. Serve salad chilled., ingredients: [2 pounds beets, trimmed and washed, 1 onion, sliced, 1 garlic clove, sliced, 1 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 pickled gherkins, chopped, 1 apple, peeled and chopped, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish root or 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 13 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Pickled Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 35365: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pan.nCream the sugar and butter in a large mixing bowl until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.nIn a small bowl, mash the bananas with a fork. Mix in the milk and cinnamon. In another bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nAdd the banana mixture to the creamed mixture and stir until combined. Add dry ingredients, mixing just until flour disappears.nPour batter into prepared pan and bake 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Set aside to cool on a rack for 15 minutes. Remove bread from pan, invert onto rack and cool completely before slicing.nSpread slices with honey or serve with ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 large eggs, 3 ripe bananas, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Banana Bread, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 35366: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a pot over medium heat and cover them with water. Bring to a boil then salt the water and cook until just tender, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return them to the hot pot. Heat a small pan over mediumhigh heat and drizzle in some extravirgin olive oil. Add the bacon and cook until just about crisp. Add the stock to the pot with the potatoes along with the vinegar and hot sauce and stir over low heat until combined. Turn off the heat and season with paprika and salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the potatoes to a serving bowl and stir in chopped onions, celery and parsley. Dress the salad with a liberal drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into bitesized chunks, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, 4 slices good quality lean bacon, chopped, 12 cup beef stock, 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, A few dashes hot sauce, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or sweet paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 2 to 3 small ribs celery, finely chopped, A handful parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Sweet Potato Salad with Bacon, picturelink: Lw1orubV7h9LQ7PVOwkTPJl4qsEqMSW}, 35367: {instructions: In a large skillet, add canola oil over medium heat.nIn a small bowl, mix together all spices. Use 12 of mix to season chicken. Let seasoned chicken sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add flour and remaining seasoning mix. Toss chicken with seasoned flour and add to hot oil, 1 piece at a time. Cover pan with foil. Remove foil after 8 to 10 minutes and flip chicken. Cook until the chicken is golden brown. Remove from fryer to a paper towellined sheet tray. Season with salt, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons granulated onion, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 3 12pound whole chickens, cut into 10 pieces each and trimmed of fat, 4 cups allpurpose flour], title: Funky Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 35368: {instructions: In a bowl combine the triple sec, the brandy, the Chambord and the pineapple juice and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 4 hours or overnight. In a large punch bowl combine the triple sec mixture, the ginger ale, the Champagne, and ice cubes., ingredients: [1 cup triple sec, 1 cup brandy, 12 cup Chambord, 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 quart chilled ginger ale, 2 chilled 750 ml bottles dry Champagne], title: Champagne Punch, picturelink: null}, 35369: {instructions: Thoroughly grease a baking sheet with softened butter.nAdd the butter to a large pot set over medium heat. Allow it to melt and bubble up, swirling the pot to keep it moving around, until the butter is a medium golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the regular marshmallows until theyre totally melted. Stir in the salt.nRemove from the heat and pour in the cereal, folding gently the whole time until combined. Then pour in the mini marshmallows and gently fold in. Turn the mixture into the buttered baking sheet and press flat. Let cool completely, and then cut into squares or rectangles., ingredients: [4 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, One 10ounce bag marshmallows, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups rice cereal, 1 bag mini white marshmallows], title: Brown Butter Crispy Treats, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 35370: {instructions: In a saute pan over medium heat, melt butter and add brown sugar. Add the banana pieces and allow to brown on both sides.nIn a small bowl combine the sour cream and the confectioners sugar.nTo assemble, place crepe on plate and thinly spread with banana mixture. Thinly spread dollop of sour cream mixture and sprinkle with toasted almonds. Wrap crepe tightly to create rolled layers. Dust with confectioners sugar and sprinkle with crushed toasted almonds.nIn a blender place water, milk and eggs and mix. Add sugar, salt, flour and butter. Mix until smooth. Let batter rest for 30 minutes.nHeat a seasoned crepe pan over medium heat. Ladle 1ounce batter into pan and angle pan so that batter spreads to edges of pan. Let cook about 45 seconds and turn over. Cook about 30 seconds more. Remove to cool. Stack between sheets of waxed paper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 bananas, cut on the bias, 14inch thick, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 4 crepes, recipe follows, 12 cup toasted slivered almonds, Sweet crepes, 34 cup cold water, 34 cup cold milk, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups flour, 5 tablespoons melted butter], title: Sweet Banana Rolls, picturelink: null}, 35371: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the stem end off of the zucchini. Using a mandoline, thinly shave the zucchini from pole to pole into beautiful long ribbons.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the lime juice, chile, brown sugar, fish sauce and garlic.nSet a small skillet over high heat. Add the peanuts and toast until they begin to char, about 5 minutes. Remove them from the heat, and finely chop.nToss the zucchini with the dressing, tomatoes and cilantro. Sprinkle with the peanuts. Taste for seasoning it may need a touch more salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large zucchini, 2 limes, juiced 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 large Fresno chile or half a jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, Rounded 14 cup shelled roasted, salted peanuts, 12 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, Small handful of chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zucchini Ribbon Salad with Lime Juice, Red Chile and Peanuts, picturelink: CUXQ5vC7DX2mxNkN1TiJ4NBCGaTEsPW}, 35372: {instructions: Prepare the chicken: Mix the beer, vinegar, oregano, garlic, coriander, bay leaves, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken, cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nMeanwhile, make the salsa: Puree the peppers, onion, garlic, olive oil, coriander, paprika, cumin, thyme, cayenne, wine and vinegar in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt and black pepper, cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.nFry the chicken and artichokes: Heat 1 inch of olive oil in a large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, season the flour with salt and black pepper in a bowl. Remove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry. Dredge the chicken in the flour and fry in batches, turning as needed, until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nReturn the oil to 350 degrees F. Dredge the artichoke hearts in the remaining flour and fry until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and squeeze a few lemon wedges on top. Serve the chicken and artichokes with the salsa and more lemon.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup beer, 13 cup sherry vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed, 3 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 chicken wing drumettes, Extravirgin olive oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 8.5ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and halved, Lemon wedges, for serving, 1 6ounce jar piquillo or pimiento peppers, drained, 14 red onion, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar or white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Chicken and Artichokes with Salsa Brava, picturelink: jQ7Q6L9r4VVQvAygZ2I0J6jD0tX0NgW}, 35373: {instructions: Pass tomatoes through a food mill fitted with the large disk set aside. Heat oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add garlic cook until soft and light golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add reserved tomatoes, and simmer until thickened, about 35 minutes. Season with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Stir in torn basil leaves set aside. In a large bowl, combine ricotta, butter, Parmesan, nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Stir until well combined. Set aside. Oil a rimmed baking sheet set aside. Cover and bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add one sheet of pasta at a time to boiling water. Cook for 1 minute, and transfer to prepared baking sheet. Repeat until all pasta has been cooked. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silpat or parchment paper set aside. Assemble the lasagna: Spread 12 cup tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Place a layer of lasagna sheets in the pan, allowing sheets hang over the ends of pan. Spread 14 of the ricotta cheese mixture evenly over pasta and sprinkle with mozzarella. Top with a layer of pasta, cut to fit inside pan. Spread 1 cup tomato sauce over pasta. Repeat layering process, alternating pasta layers with cheese and sauce layers there should be a total of 3 cheese layers and 2 sauce layers. Bring pasta hanging over ends of the pan up and over the top of final layer. Use more pasta, if necessary, to completely cover top. Spread with 1 12 to 2 cups tomato sauce. Dollop top of lasagna with remaining ricotta cheese mixture. Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella. Place on prepared baking sheet, and transfer to oven. Bake until the top is bubbling and light golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes garnish with whole basil leaves.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, cook spinach, stirring occasionally, until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from pan, and cool. Squeeze out excess liquid there should be 14 packed cup of spinach. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, puree spinach until fine. Add 1 egg, and process few seconds more. Set aside. Mound flour in center of a work surface, and make a well in middle. Crack remaining 3 eggs into well. Beat eggs with a fork until smooth, then add spinach and egg mixture to well and stir until combined. Begin to work flour into egg mixture with fork. Use a bench scraper to work in the remaining flour, a bit at a time. Once all the flour has been incorporated, start working dough with hands to form a rounded mass for kneading. Be sure the work surface is clean of all loose bits of dough lightly dust with flour. Knead dough until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Cover dough with an inverted bowl or plastic wrap, and let rest 1 12 hours at room temperature, or refrigerate overnight. Divide dough into 8 pieces. Working with a few pieces at a time and keeping remaining pieces covered, flatten each portion of dough into a disk shape somewhat narrower than machine opening. Very lightly dust dough with flour. Feed through at pasta machines widest setting, keeping in mind that machine settings differ some have as many as 10, while others have only 6 . If dough pulls or tears when passing through machine, sprinkle a little more flour over dough, just before its fed, to keep it from sticking. When youre finished, remove excess flour with a dry brush. As pasta sheet emerges, gently support it with palm, and guide it onto work surface. Fold sheet in 12. Pass through a second time on the same setting to smooth dough and increase its elasticity. Thin dough by passing it through everfiner settings, 2 passes on each setting, until sheets are almost translucent but do not tear., ingredients: [2 35ounce cans plum tomatoes about 6 cups, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for baking sheet, 2 medium cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, 20 fresh basil leaves, 8 torn and 12 whole, 3 pounds fresh ricotta cheese, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup 2 12 ounces grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Fresh Spinach Pasta, recipe follows, 12 pound mozzarella, grated, 6 ounces spinach, stemmed and well washed 1 14 packed cups, 4 large eggs, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface], title: Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 35374: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the broiler.nPut the croutons, butter, scallions, apricots, 1 cup of the chicken broth, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl and toss to combine. Set aside to let the croutons soak up the broth.nPat the pork dry and season all over with 34 teaspoon of salt and few grinds of pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Arrange the pork in the skillet in a single layer its okay if the chops are touching and cook until nicely browned and almost cooked through, 4 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the pork chops to a baking sheet. Pack and pile 14 of the stuffing on top of each chop. Broil until the stuffing is golden brown, about 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, return the skillet to mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 1 cup of chicken broth and bring to a simmer until slightly reduced, about 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in the sour cream and Dijon until smooth, about 1 minute. Season the sauce with a few grinds of pepper. Spoon the sauce onto 4 plates. Transfer a pork chop onto each pool of sauce. Serve with the side salads., ingredients: [2 12 cups storebought seasoned croutons not mini, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 6 dried apricots, roughly chopped, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 11 to 12ounce bonein pork loin chops, about 1inch thick 2 34 to 3 pounds total, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 side salads, for serving], title: 25Minute Unstuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 35375: {instructions: Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until the onion is soft and golden, just before caramelization.nAdd the red wine and stir well. Reduce the heat slightly and simmer 5 minutes, or until the pungent smell of alcohol is gone.nAdd the tomatoes and break them down roughly with a wooden spoon. Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir well and cook over low heat 30 to 40 minutes, until the sauce thickens and the flavors blend. Toss with justcooked pasta and serve with shredded parmigiano cheese.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 red onion, roughly chopped 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 13 cup red wine, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound orecchiette or medium shells, cooked until al dente, Shredded parmigianoreggiano cheese, for serving], title: Fake Sauce, picturelink: UO.maZcClbhqOZ4lj8uFP3yazGGeHm}, 35376: {instructions: Combine the beans, lemon juice, tahini, cumin and garlic in a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped and incorporated. With the motor running, add the olive oil and sesame oil. Thin with 14 cup water or more until the desired consistency. Season the hummus with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Spoon the hummus into a bowl, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with paprika. Serve with carrot sticks, celery sticks and pita chips., ingredients: [One 15ounce can garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons tahini paste, 14 teaspoon cumin, 12 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more to drizzle, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, For serving: carrot sticks, celery sticks and pita chips], title: Hummus with Sesame, picturelink: null}, 35377: {instructions: Heat oil in skillet, add onions and cook until slightly tender. Add all the ground meat and incorporate with fork. Add salt and pepper and garlic. Cook until half done, then add mushrooms, and continue cooking until meat is done. Do not drain.nPut in large mixing bowl and add cooked rice. Toss, add bread crumbs, cheese, milk, and egg. Sorry guys, now ya gotta use your hands. Mix together, again add salt and pepper to taste. When fully mixed, add your chicken broth or water, more if you want a moist stuffing.nThere should be plenty to stuff your turkey, plus a full baking dish on the side. I put the baking dish in the last hour, top with 2 tablespoons butter and cover., ingredients: [1 lb ground round, 14 lb ground veal, 14 lb ground pork, 2 cloves garlic minced, 1 small onion chopped, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 12 cups seasoned bread crumbs, 34 cup grated pecorino romano cheese, 1 egg, 2 cups sliced white mushrooms, 2 cups cooked long grain white rice, 34 cup warm chicken broth or water, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Gramma Carusos Sicilian Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 35378: {instructions: In a hot saute pan, add a little oil and caramelize the onions. Check for seasoning. Fold a banana leaf in half and place a small amount of onions and 1 slice of eggplant on one half then top with a small mound of rice. Top this with basil then seasoned tomato slices followed by another slice of eggplant. Place skate on top. Smooth chili paste on top of skate. Garnish with scallions. Fold up banana leaf and secure with a skewer. Repeat process for the remaining banana leaves. Bake at 350 for 20 minutes., ingredients: [Canola oil, 2 large red onions, sliced, 4 large banana leaves parchment paper andor aluminum foil would work, 1 eggplant, sliced and grilled, 3 cups cooked jasmine rice, other rices would work, 12 cup Thai basil leaves, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 4 6ounce skate wings, 14 cup sliced scallion, Salt and black pepper to taste, Chili paste recipe to follow], title: Chile Skate Roasted in Banana Leaves, picturelink: null}, 35379: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients in a large pot over mediumlow heat. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes. Puree the chutney with a stick blender, leaving the mixture slightly chunky. Heat a grill of grill pan over medium heat. Grill the hot dogs until cooked through and toast the buns. Serve the hot dogs in the buns, each garnished with the Green Tomato Chutney., ingredients: [1 12 pounds green tomatoes, diced, 3 green apples, diced, 1 onion, diced, 13 cup currants, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon mustard seed, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 6 potato hot dog buns recommended: Marteens, 6 14 pound hot dogs recommended: Hebrew National], title: Green Tomato Chutney Dog, picturelink: xcrlhDLwmSqMDWSCxMp75XUeJJm.9Qq}, 35380: {instructions: Cover the bottom of a saute pan with 18 cup olive oil and heat. Add the garlic and shallot to pan, and saute until light brown in color. Add the bay scallops and rock shrimp and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Do not overcook scallops and shrimp. Remove from heat.nIn another saute pan, add the remaining 18 cup olive oil and heat. Add tomatoes, mushrooms, lemon juice, clam juice, white wine, and capers. Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce liquid by 25 percent.nAdd the reserved seafood to the mixture of tomatoes and mushrooms. Add the green onions. In a small bowl, make a beurre manie by combining the butter and the flour and mixing until a paste is formed. Add the beurre manie to the mixture and whisk to incorporate. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 to 2 minutes.nPlace artichoke halves in a soup bowl and ladle mixture over artichoke., ingredients: [18 cup olive oil, plus 18 cup, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 4 ounces bay scallops, 4 ounces rock shrimp, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 cup sliced mushrooms, button or cremini, 2 lemons, juiced, 34 cups fish stock or clam juice, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons capers, 3 green onions, sliced greens only, 2 ounces butter, room temperature, 2 ounces flour, 2 jumbo or extralarge artichokes, steamed, halved and choke removed], title: Artichoke Provencale, picturelink: null}, 35381: {instructions: Combine 12 cup water, the vinegar, sugar and 34 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Combine the cucumbers and carrots in a bowl pour in the hot liquid and refrigerate until ready to serve.nCombine the ground beef and 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce in a large bowl. Mix with your hands until just combined. Form into four 1inchthick patties season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned around the edges, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate and cover to keep warm.nWipe out the skillet and melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Add the burgers and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side top with the cheese and cover during the last 1 minute.nMeanwhile, mix the ketchup with the remaining 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce spread on the bottom buns. Serve the burgers on the buns top with the mushrooms. Drain the pickles and serve on the side.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 2 Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 4 slices fontina cheese about 4 ounces, 12 cup ketchup, 4 sesame potato buns, split and toasted], title: Mushroom Cheeseburgers, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 35382: {instructions: Add enough oil to cover the bottom of a large frying pan by 14 to 12inch depth. Heat oil to 365 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whisk buttermilk and zest together in a medium bowl. Add chicken and set aside. Sift together flour and cornstarch into a shallow dish. Remove chicken from buttermilk mixture and dredge in flour mixture. Fry chicken strips until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Carefully flip chicken and continue cooking another 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nWhile chicken is frying, make the sauce. In a small saucepan over low heat, melt lemon curd, stirring constantly. Add remaining ingredients and heat through. Drizzle sauce over chicken and serve., ingredients: [1 quart buttermilk, 1 tablespoon lemon zest from 1 lemon, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, tenders removed, cut in strips, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornstarch, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 11ounce jar lemon curd, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon soy sauce], title: Lemony Chicken, picturelink: null}, 35383: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil. Mix the peanuts, pepitas, almonds and corn nuts in a large bowl.nIf using dried chiles, pull off the stems and scrape out the seeds. Tear the chiles into 2inch pieces. Put the chiles, allspice, cumin, orange zest and cayenne in a spice grinder and pulse until the chiles are ground. If using chile powder, mix the ingredients in a bowl. Add to the nut mixture. Add the sugar, canola oil and 2 tablespoons salt. Stir with a fork to evenly coat.nPour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake 4 minutes, then stir with a fork and continue baking until lightly golden, about 4 more minutes. Pour the nuts onto a clean baking sheet to cool. Transfer to a serving dish and enjoy.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 cup unsalted dryroasted peanuts, 12 cup raw pepitas green pumpkin seeds, 1 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup corn nuts, 2 dried ancho chiles or 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 dried guajillo chiles or 2 tablespoons guajillo chile powder, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt], title: MoleSpiced Nuts, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 35384: {instructions: Combine 3 chopped celery stalks and 1 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan. Simmer 8 minutes, then strain and cool. Pour about 1 tablespoon celery syrup into each glass add chilled sparkling wine and a celery stalk.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Celery Bellinis, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 35385: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat for the spaghetti.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the squashes, tomatoes, onion, garlic, and oregano in a large bowl. Add the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and give it all a good toss. Dump that out onto a baking sheet and roast for 10 to 12 minutes, until the squash is tender and caramelized. Scrape the vegetables into a large pasta bowl and cover with a plate to keep everything warm.nThe pasta water should be boiling by now. Add the spaghetti and stir to separate the strands. Cook for 8 to 9 minutes, until al dente.nTo finish, scoop out about 14 cup of the pasta cooking water, drain the pasta, and toss gently with the roasted vegetables and Grilled Shrimp. Add the pasta water if needed., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 zucchini, sliced into thin rounds, 1 summer squash, sliced into thin rounds, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti], title: Spaghetti with Summer Squash and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 35386: {instructions: Preheat grill. Place a large cast iron pan on the grates of the grill and let heat for 5 minutes. Place 13 of the chips in the pan and top with 13 of the cheese. Repeat to make 3 layers. Close the cover of the grill and grill until the cheese has melted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and top with the 3 toppings.nPreheat grill. Place a large cast iron pan on the grates of the grill and let heat for 5 minutes. Place 13 of the chips in the pan and top with 13 of the cheese. Repeat to make 3 layers. Close the cover of the grill and grill until the cheese has melted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and top with the 3 toppings.nTomatilloPoblano Salsa:nHeat the grill to high. Brush the tomatillos, poblanos, and onions with oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Grill until charred on all sides, and then place the poblanos in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let steam 15 minutes. Remove the skin, stem, and seeds of poblanos, and then coarsely chop and place in a blender or food processor with the tomatillos, onions, garlic and lime juice. Process until beginning to become smooth, and then add the cilantro. Process until completely smooth, and season with salt and black pepper. Pour into a serving bowl.nSmoked Tomato Relish:nPreheat grill to high. Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes on the grill and grill until charred on all sides. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop.nWhisk together the vinegar, chipotle puree, onion, and 14 cup of canola oil in a medium bowl. Add the chopped tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nGreen Onion Creme Fraiche:nCombine creme fraiche and green onions in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [16 ounces baked or fried tortilla chips combination of blue and yellow, 34 pound Monterey jack cheese, shredded, 34 pound white Cheddar, shredded, TomatilloPoblano Salsa, recipe follows, Smoked Tomato Relish, recipe follows, Green Chile Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 8 tomatillos, husked and washed, 2 poblano chile peppers, 1 red onion, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick slices, Canola oil, for brushing vegetables, plus 12 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 8 plum tomatoes, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for brushing on the tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper puree, 1 small Spanish onion, finely chopped, 1 pint creme fraiche or sour cream, 12 cup thinly sliced green onions, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Nachos on the Grill with TomatilloPoblano Salsa, Smoked Tomato Relish, and Green Onion Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 35387: {instructions: Warm the black bean and sweet potato mixtures in separate saucepans. Wrap tortillas in foil and warm in a 300 degree F oven, or heat each tortilla on both sides quickly in a heavy skillet over medium heat. In each tortilla place about 12 cup black beans and 12 cup sweet potatoes. Fold one side of the tortilla over the filling and then fold in both sides, and roll up into a burrito. Place on a plate and top with generous spoonfuls of salsa, guacamole and sour cream.nVariation: You may fold grilled chicken, steak, or any other grilled meat into the burrito as well.nIn a heavy saucepan, combine beans, onions, garlic, olive oil and water. Bring to a boil and simmer approximately 1 12 hours. Add the tomatoes and wine and season with salt and pepper. Simmer another 30 minutes or until beans are very tender. Using a wooden spoon or potato masher, mash the beans slightly. Leave some beans whole. This mixture should mound softly and be moist but not watery. Adjust by cooking longer or by adding water.nThis mixture makes an excellent side dish as well as a burrito filling.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash the sweet potatoes but leave the skins on. Rub with olive oil and bake until very tender, about 45 minutes. Cool the potatoes until they can be handled and remove skins. Place in a heavy saucepan and add the remaining ingredients. Mash the mixture well, taste for seasoning, reheat, and serve.nThis mixture makes an excellent side dish as well as a burrito filling. It can be prepared while the black beans simmer., ingredients: [Flying Burrito Black Beans, recipe follows, Flying Burrito Mashed Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows, 6 12inch flour tortillas, 1 12 cups salsa, 1 12 cups guacamole, 34 cup sour cream, 1 pound dry black beans, 2 onions, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cups water, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 cup red wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 pounds sweet potatoes about 4 large, Olive oil, as needed, 4 ounces roasted green chiles, 4 ounces 12 stick sweet butter, 1 ounce tequila, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Flying Mayan Burrito, picturelink: 0Syk5WhazofsC1kRvN4xWO6h7lFNsZ6}, 35388: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nMelt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan, add leeks, cover and cook over low heat for 5 minutes, until tender. Uncover, stir in flour and cook 1 minute. Add milk in a thin stream, whisking constantly, and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and add cheeses and mustard, stirring until cheese melts season to taste with salt, pepper and nutmeg.nMeanwhile, rub a buttered oval gratin dish with garlic clove. Layer half of potatoes in bottom of dish, season with salt and pepper and top with half of kielbasa. Add half of leek sauce, spreading it evenly over sausage and potatoes. Repeat with remaining potatoes, sausage and sauce, generously seasoning potatoes. Top with buttered bread crumbs and dot with remaining tablespoon butter. Bake gratin until top is browned and bubbly, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups minced leeks, white and light green parts only, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, heated, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt, pepper and freshlygrated nutmeg, 1 large garlic clove, peeled, 2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced, 1 12 pounds smoked kielbasa, diced, 13 cup buttered bread crumbs], title: Kielbasa, Potato and Leek Gratin, picturelink: null}, 35389: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pot add a small amount of oil, add the onions, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Lightly caramelize the onions, and then the calvados to deglaze the pan. At this time, add the apples and cook until they are very tender, then put the pot in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes. Take out the cinnamon stick and let cool.nFor the Braised Red Cabbage: In a large heavybottomed pot sweat the shallots in the butter. Then add the shredded cabbage and let cook for 5 minutes. Finish by adding the salt and pepper and sherry wine vinegar. Let cook for 5 more minutes and reserve for later.nFor the Butternut Squash Pan Sauce: Take the squash and cut it in half. Cut off the bottom of the squash bulb shaped and medium dice it. In a pot sweat the onions then add the diced squash, let cook for 5 minutes and then add the Calvados, let the alcohol cook off then add the vegetable stock and bring to a simmer. Let simmer until tender, puree in a blender until smooth. Cut the top of the squash cylinder shaped into small dice and leave it raw until needed.nFor the Chestnut Crust: Peel chestnuts and then steep them in some apple juice until tender about 1 hour. Then puree chestnuts and add the butter and the breadcrumbs. The texture will be pasty. Reserve.nTo assemble the dish, quickly sear both sides of the salmon and then dry off the top part of the salmon. Spread the chestnut crust on, about 14inch thick. Put in a preheated 350 degree oven for 5 minutes. While fish is in the oven heat the cabbage up in a little bit of butter. Take the butternut squash sauce and heat in a small pot with the small diced butternut. Add a pinch of fine herbs to the sauce. On a 12inch plate make 2 quenelles of the apple jam and place them at 3 and 9 oclock. The cabbage goes in the middle and the salmon on top. The sauce goes around. The seeds that were saved, you can wash them very well and salt them and then dry them out in the oven at 200 degrees. Then sprinkle around., ingredients: [6 7ounce salmon fillets, 1 large white onion, medium dice, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 clove, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup Calvados, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, medium dice, 3 tablespoons butter, 5 shallots, small dice, 1 head red cabbage, cored, and sliced very thin, 1 tablespoon salt, White pepper, to taste, 18 cup sherry wine vinegar, 1 butternut squash peeled and seeded, save the seeds, 1 onion, small dice, 14 cup Calvados, 1 cup vegetable stock, 2 pounds fresh chestnuts, 14 pound butter, softened, 2 cups Panko bread crumbs], title: ChestnutCrusted Salmon with Roasted Apple Jam, picturelink: null}, 35390: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nMix sugar and water in a 13 x 9inch baking dish. Put pears, cut sides down, in dish. Roast pears 15 minutes. Arrange pears, cut sides up, crumble hazelnuts and gorgonzola over pears. Return to oven for 3 to 5 minutes until cheese melts. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 firmripe Bartlett pears, halved lengthwise and cored, 13 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup hazelnuts, 12 ounces Gorgonzola], title: Roasted Pears with Gorgonzola and Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 35391: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange onions, fennel and garlic in bottom of slow cooker. Place beans on top of vegetables. Pour over chicken broth.nSeason chicken all over with salt and pepper and place on top of vegetables and beans in the slow cooker. Sprinkle rosemary over chicken. Place roasted red pepper slices on top of chicken. Arrange Swiss chard all around chicken.nCover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours.nSlice bread and grill or toast, then drizzle with olive oil. Rub hot bread with garlic clove and serve with meal., ingredients: [2 cups sliced red onions, 1 cup sliced fennel bulb, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 15ounce can white cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 4 5ounce skinless chicken breast halves with bone, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 cup sliced roasted red peppers from waterpacked jar, 4 cups chopped Swiss chard leaves, 1 crusty loaf of bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic], title: Tuscan Chicken with White Beans and Wilted Greens, picturelink: YGPjyRIOoK7an7uQpeXtfcrUWlUyhs.}, 35392: {instructions: For the meatballs: Preheat vegetable oil over medium heat.nIn a medium bowl, soak the torn white bread with the milk. Let soak for 1minute then remove the bread and squeeze out the excess milk.nIn another bowl, add ground turkey, turkey sausage, Parmesan, parsley, garlic and salt and pepper. Add milk soaked bread and mix all ingredients gently. Form meat mixture into 1 12inch meatballs.nIn a large heavy skillet, add meatballs and cook until golden brown on all sides. Remove the meatballs to a paper towel lined platter. Repeat in batches until there are no remaining meatballs. Add meatballs to the cooked sauce and add salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 10 minutes.nFor the sauce: Heat olive oil in a large heavy bottomed saucepan. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant. Add crushed tomatoes and let simmer for 15 minutes. Add dried basil, sugar, salt and pepper.nToss spaghetti and sauce with meatballs in a large serving bowl. Top with grated Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [3 slices white bread, crust removed and torn into small shreds, 14 cup whole milk, 34 pound ground turkey recommended: 93 percent lean dark meat, 12 pound Italian turkey sausage, casing removed, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for panfrying, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, in thick puree, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked al dente], title: Spaghetti with Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: bBIpb8sBDjPwjLY3EIJyTP62hfbj6}, 35393: {instructions: Arrange fruits on a platter and sprinkle with fresh lime juice., ingredients: [1 pineapple, peeled, tough core removed and cut into wedges, 1 mango, peeled, sliced away from pit and cut into wedges, 2 kiwis, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick discs, 2 bananas, sliced, 2 dozen rambutan fruits, removed from skin and sliced, 2 fresh limes, juiced], title: Tropical Fruit Tray, picturelink: null}, 35394: {instructions: Combine the chuck, half of the chopped onion, the garlic, salt, pepper, bread crumbs, egg yolks, and water in a large bowl. Mix well and form meatballs that measure about 1inch in diameter. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs and cook, shaking and turning, until well browned, about 5 minutes. Dont crowd the pan work in batches, if necessary. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nPour off any excess fat from the skillet, leaving 3 tablespoons in the pan and add the remaining onion. Cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, until the liquid they give off has evaporated, 7 to 10 minutes. Pour in the sherry, increase the heat to high, and boil until almost all the liquid they give off has evaporated. Pour in the stock and bring to a boil.nRub the butter with the flour in a small bowl until it forms a smooth paste. Pinch off peasized pieces and add little by little to the boiling sauce, whisking constantly for 3 minutes. Add the meatballs, stir in the dill, and sour cream, season with salt and pepper, and cook over low heat until the meatballs are just heated through. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra, for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra, for seasoning, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 large egg yolks, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound cultivated white mushrooms, thinly sliced, 12 cup dry sherry, 2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 12 cup sour cream], title: Moms Meatball Stroganoff, picturelink: null}, 35395: {instructions: With a 1inch melonball cutter scoop out enough balls from the flesh of a pumpkin to measure 2 cups. In an enameled or stainless steel saucepan combine 1 23 cups sugar, 34 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 cinnamon stick, broken into pieces, 6 cloves, 6 whole allspice, and four 2inch strips of lemon peel, bring the liquid to a boil over moderate heat, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides of the pan with a brush dipped in cold water until the sugar is dissolved, and cook syrup, undisturbed, for 5 minutes. Add the pumpkin balls, simmer the mixture for 15 minutes, and transfer the balls with a slotted spoon to a 1pint jar. Reduce the syrup over high heat to 1 cup, pour it and the spices over the balls, and let the mixture cool. Chill the mixture, covered, for at least 3 hours. Transfer the pickles to a small serving bowl. Keep covered and chilled, for 1 week., ingredients: [], title: Pickled Pumpkin Balls, picturelink: null}, 35396: {instructions: Peel and roughly chop 1 large kabocha squash about 3 pounds, discarding the seeds. Cook in boiling salted water until soft, about 20 minutes reserve 12 cup of the cooking liquid, then drain. Puree the squash and the reserved liquid with 14 cup heavy cream season with salt and pepper. Top with toasted pepitas.nUse a food processor or immersion blender to puree these veggiestheyre too fibrous for a potato masher.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Kabocha Squash Mash, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 35397: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inchsquare cake pan. Dust the pan with flour, tapping out the excess.nToss 12 cup chocolate chips with 1 tablespoon flour in a small bowl. Whisk the remaining flour, the cocoa powder, salt, baking soda and nutmeg in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the sugar, 12 cup olive oil, the eggs and vanilla in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and pale, about 3 minutes. Add the flourcocoa mixture beat on low speed until combined, about 2 minutes the batter will be thick. Add the zucchini and beat until combined, about 2 more minutes. Fold in the flourcoated chocolate chips with a wooden spoon.nTransfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the glaze: Combine the remaining 13 cup chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon olive oil and the honey in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on mediumhigh power in 30second intervals, stirring, until the chocolate is melted. Spread over the cake, then cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 12 cup plus 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch process, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg or allspice, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 medium zucchini, grated and squeezed dry, 1 teaspoon honey], title: ChocolateZucchini Cake, picturelink: 83wTiowZYWjyPItYU952LfLC0G2qFwC}, 35398: {instructions: For the seafood rub:nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nClean the fish, leaving bone in. Drizzle the fish with lemon juice and olive oil. Scatter the rub over the fish and sprinkle with soy sauce. Let marinate, covered, overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill to medium.nArrange the fish on the grill and cover with foil. Grill for 15 minutes. Using a broad spatula, carefully turn the fish over and continue to grill, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes.nTransfer the fish to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon hot curry powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon toasted fennel seeds, 1 whole catfish 1 to 2 pounds or 4 catfish steaks about 1 12inches thick, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup soy sauce], title: Captain Kofis Candlelight Catfish, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 35399: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat.nAdd the garlic and cook until fragrant but not browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bring to a simmer, and cook until thickened slightly, about 15 minutes. Stir in sugar, and season with salt, to taste.nMeanwhile, cook pasta in boiling, salted water until al dente. Drain.nServe sauce over hot pasta with a drizzle of olive oil, a sprinkle of basil, and cheese.nLet extra sauce cool completely and then seal in airtight containers. Refrigerate for up 1 week and freeze for up to 1 month., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for garnish, 12 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 6 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, 2 12 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 pound gemelli pasta or other similar shape, 1 small bunch fresh basil, chifonnade, for garnish, 1 8ounce wedge Parmesan or Grana Padano cheese, grated or shaved, for garnish], title: Basic Tomato Pomodoro Sauce, picturelink: 2WrEEMgKju2t8RMn2NN1B3kHkXqvF2a}}