{35400: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the milk, chia seeds, cocoa, honey and vanilla. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nStir the pudding before spooning into bowls. Serve topped with a sprinkle of granola., ingredients: [2 12 cups lowfat 2 percent milk, 34 cup chia seeds, 14 cup cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup granola, for serving], title: Chocolate Chia Breakfast Pudding, picturelink: BzqP8n.MRWOvGshhVAe8lXep2qey}, 35401: {instructions: In a large microwavesafe bowl, mix together the tortilla chips, popcorn and corn cereal.nIn a small pot, melt the butter over low heat. Stir in the tequila, hot sauce, salt and lime zest and juice until well combined. While mixing, slowly pour over the cereal mixture mix until everything is well coated.nMicrowave for 5 to 6 minutes, stirring every 2 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and let cool. Store in a resealable bag or airtight container., ingredients: [4 cups bitesize tortilla chips, 4 cups popcorn, 3 cups square corn cereal, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons tequila, 2 tablespoons jalapeno or green hot sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest of 3 limes plus juice of 1 lime], title: TequilaLime Cocktail Snack Mix, picturelink: 5JBKz3NmXa8W8Tnz9Pk18uL4NZtS}, 35402: {instructions: In a food processor, add the egg yolk, garlic, lemon juice, and chipotle pepper. Puree the ingredients, and with the machine running, slowly add the olive oil, until the mixture is fully emulsified. Season the mayonnaise with salt and pepper, and set aside, refrigerated, until ready to use.nIn a bowl, combine the flour, chile powder, salt, and pepper.nDredge each oyster in the seasoned flour, and then wrap the oyster in a piece of serrano ham, covering the oyster completely. Repeat until all 6 oysters are dredged and wrapped.nIn a saute pan over medium high heat, heat a little olive oil. When the oil is smoking, sear the wrapped oysters, turning to crisp up the ham on all sides, about 4 minutes per side.nPlace the crisped oysters back into the bottom halves of the oyster shells and place a dollop of the chipotle mayonnaise on each.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 1 garlic clove, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more, for searing, Salt and pepper, 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon ground chile d arbol powder, 6 whole oysters, shucked, bottom shell washed, dried, and reserved, 12 pound serrano ham, sliced very, very thinly], title: Serrano Ham Wrapped Oysters with Chipotle Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 35403: {instructions: For the wing sauce: Mix the hot sauce, butter, mango habanero sauce, brown sugar, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper and seasoning salt in a bowl. Stir vigorously until completely combined.nFor the wings: Heat canola oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the chicken wings with the seasoning salt. Fry the chicken wings in the heated oil until crispy, about 15 minutes.nMix the wings in 1 cup of the wing sauce until well coated and serve., ingredients: [8 cups red hot sauce, such as Franks, 2 cups melted butter, 12 cup mango habanero sauce, 8 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 teaspoons chili powder, 4 teaspoons garlic powder, 4 teaspoons onion powder, 4 teaspoons black pepper, 4 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 4 teaspoons seasoning salt, Canola oil, for frying, 1 pound chicken wings, 1 12 tablespoons seasoning salt], title: Dirty Steves Original Wing Sauce, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 35404: {instructions: Heat about half the olive oil in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey wings and brown. Remove the turkey wings and add the remaining oil, onion, carrots, garlic, herbs, and peppercorns and cook for 5 minutes, scraping the brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Return the wings to the pot and add chicken broth. Bring to the boil, skimming any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 1 12 to 2 hours. Strain out and discard the solids and set aside the stock.nOnce your turkey has roasted, set the pan over medium heat on the stove top. Discard some of the fat if there is too much youll need about 14 cup. Add the butter and cook until melted. Add the flour to the pan and, using a whisk, stir constantly to incorporate the fat and flour. Once you have a consistent paste add the warm stock in a steady stream while you stir to work out any lumps. Cook until the gravy has thickened, about 10 to 15 minutes. Season well with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 pounds pounds regular or smoked turkey wings or a mixture, 1 medium onion, halved, 4 carrots, chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, 12 bunch fresh sage, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 8 black peppercorns, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Pan drippings from a roast turkey, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Gravy, picturelink: null}, 35405: {instructions: Add 4 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt to a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then add the grits and reduce to a simmer. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in the Cheddar, 3 tablespoons of the butter and the heavy cream, and keep warm.nWhile the grits cook, prepare the rest of the dish. Heat the oil in a large skillet set over medium heat. Add the tasso ham and cook, stirring occasionally, until starting to crisp, about 8 minutes. Add 12 teaspoon salt and the cracked pepper. Using a slotted spoon, remove the ham to a papertowellined plate. In the same skillet set over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the butter and the shrimp. Cook, turning once, until bright pink, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp to a plate.nIn the same skillet, reduce the heat to medium, then add the bell peppers, garlic, jalapenos and onions, and cook until the vegetables just starting to brown. Add the tomatoes and cook until they start to break down. Increase the heat to high, then add the stock and Creole seasoning. Scrape the brown bits from the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Cook until the stock reduces by half, 3 minutes. Return the shrimp and ham to the skillet along with the lemon juice and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Cook, stirring frequently, until the sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Divide the grits among four bowls and top each with some shrimp and sauce. Garnish with scallions to serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup white or yellow stoneground grits, 34 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ounces tasso ham, chopped, 18 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, 12 cup medium diced red bell pepper, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 4 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 35406: {instructions: With a small spoon remove the seeds and cut the cucumber into half moon pieces. Make a dressing of yogurt, lemon and dill season to taste with salt and pepper and toss with cucumber half moons., ingredients: [8 kirby cucumbers, peeled, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 lemons zested and juiced, 4 tablespoons fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Yogurt Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 35407: {instructions: Wash the beans and soak overnight in the water. When the beans swell, cook in the same water until soft, about 45 minutes. Heat 1 cup oil in a frying pan, add onions, garlic and green peppers. Add 1 cup of the beans to the pan and mash. Add this to the beans together with the salt, pepper, if using, oregano, bay leaves and sugar. Allow to boil for a 1 hour then add the wine and vinegar allowing to cook uncovered for a while. Add the 4 remaining tablespoons olive oil just before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds black beans, 20 cups water, 1 cup plus 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 large onion, chopped, 8 garlic cloves, mashed or chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 8 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, optional, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 bay leaves, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup dry red wine, 4 tablespoons vinegar], title: Black Beans Frijoles Negros, picturelink: gNhFXZTi.elzUng3PZLy3.hnFb.Q3hy}, 35408: {instructions: 1. Place cellophane noodles in a large bowl and pour over enough boiling water to cover. Let stand for 10 minutes until soft and transparent. Drain and return to bowl.n2. Using kitchen scissors, cut noodles into twoinch thick pieces. Add chicken or steak, carrots, scallions and cilantro. Set aside.n3. In a small bowl, whisk together the chicken broth, soy sauce, sesame oil and Chinese mustard. Add mixture to the chicken mixture and toss to combine.n4. Spoon chicken or steak mixture into lettuce leaves and roll up.nServing Suggestion: The filling for the wraps is also great served warm  without the lettuce wrap, ingredients: [2 packages Tyson Grilled and Ready Breast Fillets, 5 ounces cellophane noodles, 12 cup carrots, chopped, 12 cup scallions, shredded, 14 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 14 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, toasted, 1 teaspoon Chinese mustard, 12 lettuce leaves, Butter or 12 lettuce leaves, Bibb], title: Asian Lettuce Wraps With Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: tcSVdj3XvehvtwzsjEgLznFpsNY2KMu}, 35409: {instructions: Make the flatbread: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk the hummus, 13 cup hot water, the cumin, rosemary and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl. Whisk in the flour and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Set the batter aside, 30 minutes.nHeat a 12inch castiron skillet over high heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and swirl to coat the pan. Pour in the batter and spread to the edges with a spatula. Transfer to the oven and bake until firm, and crisp and golden around the edges, 25 to 30 minutes. Let sit 5 minutes in the pan.nMake the salad: Toss the parsley, bell pepper, scallions, olives, olive oil, lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl.nUse a spatula to scrape shards of the flatbread onto plates. Serve with the parsleyolive salad.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 14 cups hummus about a 10ounce container, Generous pinch of ground cumin, Generous pinch of dried rosemary, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 13 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chickpea Flatbread With ParsleyOlive Salad, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 35410: {instructions: For the vegetable and chicken quinoa bowls: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss together the broccoli, squash, carrots and zucchini along with the garlic powder, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Pour the vegetables onto a large baking sheet, making sure theyre in an even layer. Bake until the vegetables are softened and have a nice brown color to them, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the chicken stock to a boil and add the quinoa. Cook, following the instructions on the quinoa package. Sprinkle the chicken with additional salt and pepper. In a small skillet, brown the chicken in the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil until cooked through. Set aside. For the Greek vinaigrette: Add the olive oil, vinegar, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to a small mason jar. Tightly close the lid, and shake To assemble the bowls: Evenly distribute the quinoa into 2 bowls, then evenly distribute the vegetables and chicken into each bowl. Drizzle the dressing on top., ingredients: [1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup cubed butternut squash, 12 cup carrots, cut into 12inch rounds, 1 large zucchini, diced about 1 cup, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup uncooked tricolor quinoa, rinsed, 1 large chicken breast, diced about 1 cup, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon oregano, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper], title: Roasted Vegetable and Chicken Quinoa Bowls for Two, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 35411: {instructions: Make the bacon: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the Canadian bacon on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil and brush with 1 tablespoon maple syrup. Bake until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes per side let cool slightly. Cut into strips and transfer to a bowl toss with 1 tablespoon syrup and set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 200 degrees F.nMake the pancakes: Pulse the oats and flaxseed in a blender or food processor until finely ground transfer to a large bowl. Add the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk until combined. Whisk the 2 egg yolks and milk in a separate bowl add to the dry ingredients along with the melted butter and whisk until just smooth. Beat the 2 egg whites and sugar in another bowl with a mixer until soft peaks form fold into the batter until just combined.nLightly butter a nonstick skillet and place over medium heat. Working in batches, add about 14 cup batter for each pancake cook until bubbly on top, then flip and cook until golden brown on the other side, about 3 minutes per side. Add more butter to the skillet between batches, if needed. Transfer the pancakes to a baking sheet, cover loosely with aluminum foil and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve. Reserve the skillet for the eggs. Put 12 cup maple syrup and the jam in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave 1 minute, then stir to combine keep warm.nMake the eggs: Whisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a bowl. Butter the skillet and return to medium heat. Add the egg mixture and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until set, about 4 minutes, adding the cheese halfway through. Divide the pancakes among plates top with the flavored syrup, eggs and bacon., ingredients: [8 slices Canadian bacon, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 34 cup oldfashioned oats, 14 cup flaxseed, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 12 cups milk, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the skillet, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup maple syrup, 14 cup jam or jelly any flavor, 6 to 8 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Unsalted butter, for the skillet, 14 cup shredded lowfat cheddar or mozzarella cheese], title: WholeGrain Pancakes With Eggs and Bacon, picturelink: IO1ruiIuShrOUEITK.HsxqPi1gb8mq}, 35412: {instructions: Rinse the red beans and cover with the 8 cups of cold water and gently cook for 2 12 hours. Quarter the onions and place in mincer. Remove the sinew from the tenderloin and pass also through a mincer. Grate the cheese. Saute the tortillas in a little bit of oil until slightly crispy. Shred the lettuce, smash the clove of garlic. Finely slice the tomatoes. Saute and then simmer the tenderloin tips in the butter with the tomato paste, garlic, chili powder, red wine, and tomatoes. Add salt and pepper to taste. Simmer for about twenty minutes. Assemble the tortillas with the meat mixture, the beans, and top with the lettuce, onions, sour cream, pimentos, parsley, parmesan cheese and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [16 ounces red beans, 8 cups cold water, Clarified butter, 9 ounces onions, 6 ounces tomato paste, 1 garlic clove, 10 ounces trimmed beef tenderloin tips, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 3 ounces red wine, 6 ounce tomato, 4 tablespoons parmesan cheese, 4 tortillas, 1 small lettuce, 4 teaspoons sour cream, 1 tin of pimento, vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, Salt, Black pepper, White pepper], title: Tostados Toluquenas, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 35413: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place parchment paper onto 2 baking sheets and set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the flour, paprika and 2 teaspoons salt. In another bowl or shallow dish, whisk together the buttermilk and eggs. Add half of the flour mixture to the buttermilk and beat until smooth and thickened.nIn a separate bowl, combine the panko, olive oil and remaining 2 teaspoons salt.nLightly dredge the onion rings in the flour mixture and then drop into the buttermilk. Drain the excess batter and then dredge in the panko mixture.nArrange on the prepared baking sheets in a single layer. You can place smaller rings inside bigger rings if necessary, just make sure there is space between them. Then place in the oven. Cook until golden brown, 14 to 20 minutes. Halfway through the cooking time, flip over each onion ring to ensure even crisping and browning., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 eggs, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large yellow sweet onions, such as Maui, sliced 14to12inch thick], title: Oven Fried Onion Rings, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 35414: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a rapid boil. Blanch the sugar snap peas and the snow peas until barely tender in the salted boiling water, about 30 seconds. Add the frozen petite peas and continue to cook for another minute. Drain and immediately transfer to a large bowl containing the butter, mint, and lemon rind. Toss to coat until butter is completely melted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound fresh sugar snap peas, trimmed, 12 pound fresh snow peas, trimmed, Salt, 1 12 cups frozen petite peas, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup thinly fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon rind], title: Pea Medley with Mint and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 35415: {instructions: Garnish melon wedges with star fruit and sprinkle with fresh cilantro., ingredients: [1 honeydew or cantaloupe, quartered and seeds removed, 4 star fruits, sliced crosswise, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves], title: Melon Wedges and Star Fruit, picturelink: null}, 35416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the soba noodles until done, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain the noodles but do not rinse them. Drizzle the sesame oil over them and toss them well. Add the sesame seeds, scallions, cilantro, and ginger. Mix well to combine the ingredients.nHeat a non stick or cast iron pan over medium heat. Add a bit of sesame oil to the skillet. Layer the noodle mixture evenly over the bottom of the pan. Cook the noodles, stirring often, until they are brown and crispy, about 15 minutes. Serve as a side dish or use them as a garnish for soups or salads., ingredients: [1 package soba noodles 400 grams or about 14 ounces or thin spaghetti, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, plus more for frying, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 12 bunch scallions, sliced thin, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped], title: Crisp Soba Noodles, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 35417: {instructions: For Kahlua simple syrup:nAdd the granulated sugar and water to a small saucepan over medium heat and whisk until the sugar is completely dissolved. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and add the liqueur.nStir to combine and allow syrup to cool completely.nFor Biscuit Roulade:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter and flour a 15 by 10 by 1inch jelly roll pan. Line the bottom with parchment paper and butter and flour the paper.nCombine the flour, baking powder, and cocoa in a small mixing bowl, set aside.nBeat egg yolks in a medium mixing bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until thick and lemon colored, about 5 minutes. Gradually add 12 cup of the sugar, beating on high speed until the sugar is dissolved. Thoroughly wash and dry the beaters. Beat egg whites in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Slowly add the remaining 12 cup of sugar, beating on medium speed until stiff peaks form.nCarefully fold the egg yolk mixture into the egg whites, using a rubber spatula. Once all of the egg yolk mixture has been incorporated, sprinkle the flour mixture over the egg mixture and fold in gently, just to combine.nSpread the batter evenly into the prepared jelly roll pan. Bake until the cake springs back when lightly touched near the center, about 12 to 15 minutes.nLay out a clean, thin cotton kitchen towel on a work surface dust the top with confectioners sugar and set aside.nImmediately after removing the cake from the oven, loosen the edges of the cake from the pan using a knife.nTurn cake out onto the sugared kitchen towel, parchment paper side up. Carefully pull off the parchment paper.nFold towel over the longest side of the cake and roll up the cake with the towel inside.nCool on a rack with the seam side down.nFor Coffee Buttercream:nBring 12 cup of water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Remove from heat and add the coffee grinds allow to steep for 5 minutes. Strain through a coffee filter into a small bowl and set the coffee concentrate aside.nMix the remaining 12 cup of water and sugar in a heavy 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Clip a candy thermometer to the pan and heat to 240 degrees F, softball stage, 18 to 20 minutes. Keep the edge of the saucepan clean by brushing it with a pastry brush moistened with water, as needed.nOnce the temperature reaches 240 degrees F, remove the candy thermometer and remove the saucepan from the heat.nBeat the egg whites in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Gradually pour the hot mixture, in a thin stream, over the whites while continuing to beat for 2 to 3 minutes. Scrape the sides of the bowl as needed and continue to beat until a meringue forms.nAdd the butter all at once, and beat on medium speed until incorporated. Increase speed to high and continue beating until smooth and shiny, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and coffee concentrate and mix for 1 minute until combined. Set aside.nFor Chocolate Ganache:nPut the chocolate, butter, and honey in a large mixing bowl and set aside.nHeat the whipping cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until it begins to boil, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and pour the cream into the chocolate mixture. Whisk until smooth.nSet aside and allow the ganache to come to room temperature.nTo Assemble:nUnroll the cake and remove the towel. Using a pastry brush, baste the cake with the coffeebased liqueur simple syrup.nEvenly spread the coffee buttercream over cake to within 1inch of the edges. Reroll the cake to form the log. Arrange, seam side down, on a serving platter.nSpread the chocolate ganache over the top and sides of the cake. Score the ganache with the tines of a fork to resemble the bark on a log. Decorate as desired and refrigerate for 1 hour to let the ganache set., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua, Butter, for greasing pan, 12 cup pastry flour or allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for pan and dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, sifted, 14 cup cocoa, sifted, 4 egg yolks, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, divided, 4 egg whites, room temperature, 1 cup water, divided, 3 tablespoons coffee grinds, 1 cup fine granulated sugar, 5 large egg whites, room temperature, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, cold and cubed, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 11 ounces dark chocolate 58 percent cacao, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 cup heavy whipping cream], title: Chocolate and Coffee Yule Log, picturelink: null}, 35418: {instructions: In a large bowl stir together the Dijon mustard, garlic, lemon juice and zest. Whisk in olive oil and cracked black pepper. Add broccoli, red bell pepper and pasta and toss to coat. Carefully stir in beans and thoroughly combine. Refrigerate for 30 minutes and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Juice of a lemon, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup olive oil, Fresh cracked black pepper, 2 cups broccoli florets, blanched and refreshed, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 pound farfalle or bow ties, cooked, drained and cooled, 1 can northern white beans, drained and rinsed], title: Broccoli, White Bean and Farfalle Salad, picturelink: null}, 35419: {instructions: For yogurt:nIn a big roasting pan combine everything, coat well with olive oil and roast in a preheated 400 degree F oven. Stir occasionally until everything is caramelized and black around the edges. Season with salt and pepper.nRun everything through a food mill on a medium dye over a medium pot.nIf too thick, thin with water. Add milk right before service.nCroutons:nCut wholewheat bread into cubes and place into a large bowl, add chopped garlic and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and pepper and toss with olive oil. Transfer to a sheet pan and place in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes, until golden brown.nYogurt:nMix 1 pint of Greek yogurt with chopped chives. Season with salt and pepper.nGarnish the soup with croutons and yogurt., ingredients: [5 pounds Roma tomatoes, 2 28ounce cans whole plum tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, Handful basil leaves, 2 jalapenos, 2 red onions quartered, skins on, 1 head garlic, cut in 12, skins on, Half bunch parsley, Half bunch thyme, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Pepper, Water, if needed, 12 cup milk, 1 loaf crusty wheatbread, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 1 pint Greek yogurt, 12 bunch chives, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Quick Roasted Tomato Soup, picturelink: Gz5bn5vVv4y9h6xdhl9q.DB.TC.5iVO}, 35420: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a foillined baking sheet, place the 4 pieces of puff pastry. Also place the 4 pieces of salmon, being careful to make sure they are not touching. Sprinkle each piece of salmon with 1 tablespoon of the sliced almonds. Bake for 10 minutes.nTo serve, place each piece of puff pastry on a plate. Top each puff pastry with 1 tablespoon of pesto. Top the pesto with 2 slices of tomatoes each. Top the tomatoes with the salmon and serve., ingredients: [4 pieces of purchased puff pastry, each cut to be just larger than a piece of salmon, 4 4 to 6ounce pieces salmon, 14 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup purchased pesto, 2 tomatoes, sliced], title: Salmon with Puff Pastry and Pesto, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 35421: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Put the rib racks on a work surface boneside up. Slip a knife between the bone and membrane, then pull off the membrane. Cut each rack of ribs in half season evenly with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the ribs, boneside up, and sear until brown, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside.nLower the heat to medium, add the celery, carrots and onion and cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Stir in the chopped garlic and tomato paste cook 2 minutes. Add the beer and bay leaf, bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Return the ribs to the pot, add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Trim a piece of parchment paper to fit the pot, then place directly on top of the ribs and cover with a lid. Transfer to the oven and braise 1 hour, then remove the lid and parchment. Continue braising until the ribs are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour more.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, 15 minutes drain.nRemove the rib racks from the pot let cool slightly, then cut into the ribs. Strain the cooking liquid, discarding the solids skim off some fat. Return the liquid to the pot.nAdd the smashed garlic and tomato to the pot and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add the clams, cover and cook until some just open, 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and ribs, cover and cook until all the clams open, 10 to 15 more minutes discard any unopened clams. Stir in the parsley and lemon juice. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 racks baby back pork ribs about 2 pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic 2 chopped, 2 smashed, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 12ounce bottle amber beer, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound baby new potatoes, 1 medium tomato, chopped, 4 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving], title: BeerBraised Ribs With Clams, picturelink: RMyeKfxtSt4fTphqDKoc.6K6f5XJ1B6}, 35422: {instructions: To make the beef roast, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the beef with salt and pepper. Season the tomatoes with salt, pepper, and herbs de Provence.nPlace a medium, heavy roasting pan or Dutch oven over high heat. Heat the olive oil. Sear the beef over high heat on all sides. Turn off heat. Place the seasoned tomatoes around the seared beef and place the pan in the oven. Roast until a meat thermometer reads 130 degrees F. for medium rare, 135 for medium, about 30 to 40 minutes. Take the roast out of the oven, tent loosely with foil, and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes. The internal temperature of the meat should rise 5 degrees F more and the juices will redistribute into the roast.nTo make the sauce, place the parsley and garlic in a food processor and pulse until the parsley is finely chopped. Add the red pepper flakes, salt, red wine vinegar and the roasted tomatoes from the beef pan and process until pureed. Add the olive oil in a steady stream with the machine running.nTo serve, slice the roast and place on a serving platter. Drizzle a little sauce over the meat. Serve the remaining sauce in a small bowl alongside., ingredients: [1 2 to 2 12pound sirloin tip or chuck beef roast, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 Roma tomatoes, cut in 12, 2 teaspoons herbs de Provence, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Roast Beef with Spicy Parsley Tomato Sauce, picturelink: VQWpB8.ccTwfHjHng9mJ.LsWEz0.}, 35423: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine coffee, cream, 1 egg, and vanilla extract set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine baking mix, sugar, white baking, and chocolate chips.nAdd wet ingredients to dry ingredients and work into a crumbly dough. On a lightly floured surface, form dough into a 9inch disk approximately 12inch thick. Cut into 12 wedges and place on ungreased cookie sheet. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine 1 tablespoon cream and remaining beaten egg. Brush tops of scones with egg mixture and sprinkle with sanding sugar.nBake for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm with butter, ingredients: [14 cup brewed coffee recommended: Folgers Gourmet Supreme Roast Coffee, double strength, cooled, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten separately, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 12 cups baking mix, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup white baking chips, 34 cup chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, White decorating sugar or sanding sugar], title: Mocha Chip Scones, picturelink: 6D0BTn660XvGhc8UtEjO46yrJKS12}, 35424: {instructions: Pulse the walnuts in a food processor until the consistency of coarse cornmeal twenty 2 second pulses. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, tapioca and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer or in a large bowl, using an electric hand mixer, add the butter and sugar and blend until smooth. Stir in the maple syrup and vanilla. Add the dry ingredients in thirds, using the paddle attachment on your mixer, at slow speed. Once the mixture has pulled together, mix at a slightly higher speed to fully incorporate the ingredients. Finally, add the walnuts and mix briefly to combine. Roll the dough into ball, flatten into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and chill for 12 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.nMeasure 1 tablespoon of the dough into your hand, roll into a log with tapered ends and shape into a crescent. Repeat with remaining dough. Arrange the cookies, about 1inch apart, on the baking sheets. Bake just until the bottom edges start to turn golden, about 14 to 16 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool on the cookie sheets for 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack until completely cool, about 20 minutes. Put the confectioners sugar in a shallow bowl, and dredge the cookies, 1 at a time, tapping off excess sugar.nDaisys Variation:nAdd 1 teaspoon of good quality cinnamon, and 1 cup of mini morsels recommended, Nestles to the dough. You can also flavor the confectioners sugar by sifting it with 2 tablespoons of cocoa powder, for wonderful results., ingredients: [1 34 cups walnut pieces, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup tapioca starch tapioca flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 sticks butter, cut into pieces, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons grade A dark amber maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Johnnys Impossible Tawdry Mexican Wedding Cookies, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 35425: {instructions: For the cake layers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and set rack at middle level. Butter a 9 or 10inch round cake pan and line the bottom with a disk of parchment or waxed paper. Whisk yolks with half the sugar and vanilla until thick and light. In a clean, dry bowl, whisk whites with salt and continue whisking until they are white and opaque. Whip in remaining sugar in a stream. Continue whipping whites until they hold a firm peak. Fold yolks into whites then sift over and fold in flour and starch. Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth top. Bake about 30 minutes, until well risen and deep in golden color. Unmold to a rack to cool.nFor the custard cream: Bring milk to a boil with half the sugar in a heavy, nonreactive pan. Whisk yolks with remaining sugar and sift over and whisk in flour. When milk boils, whisk a third into the yolk mixture. Return the remaining milk to a boil and whisk in yolk mixture, continuing to whisk until the mixture thickens and comes to a boil. Whisk constantly 30 seconds. Remove from heat and whisk in vanilla. Scrape half the cream to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap, refrigerate to cool. Whisk chocolate into remaining cream and scrape into a bowl, cover and cool.nFor syrup: In a small saucepan, bring water and sugar to a boil. Cool and stir in rum.nFor whipped cream: Combine all ingredients and whip to a soft peak.nTo assemble: Cut cake into thin, vertical slices. Place a layer of slices in the bottom of a glass serving bowl and moisten with syrup. Spread with half the vanilla cream and scatter with half the raspberries. Continue alternating layers to make 2 layers each, vanillaraspberry, chocolate and whipped creams, ending with whipped cream. Sprinkle lightly with chocolate shavings and a few raspberries., ingredients: [4 large eggs, separated, 34 cup sugar divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 12 cup dark rum, 1 quart milk, 1 12 cups sugar, divided, 12 large egg yolks, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 baskets fresh raspberries, Chocolate shavings for finish], title: Chocolate Raspberry Trifle, picturelink: null}, 35426: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut them in 1inch cubes. Place the potatoes in a pressure cooker with water to cover and a tablespoon of salt and cook over medium heat until tender, for about 5 minutes. You can also cook the potatoes in a saucepan, bring to boil and reduce to simmer until tender, for about 30 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and transfer them into the bowl of an electric mixer. Add the butter and milk and whip the potatoes to a smooth texture, about 5 minutes. You shouldnt see any lumps. If you do, keep mixing. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 pounds medium red skinned potatoes, Salt, 12 cup 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons milk, Pepper], title: Real Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: SAnIH9xKFRToqdi0fIVmd9OnV47ye9C}, 35427: {instructions: Fill a Collins or highball glass with ice. Add the tequila. Add enough orange juice to come almost to the top of the glass the amount will vary depending on the size of the glass. Gently pour the pomegranate syrup into the glass and serve. Do not stir.nFor Syrup: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and lemon juice in a 4quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 12 cups, approximately 50 minutes. It should be the consistency of syrup. Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the saucepan for 30 minutes. Transfer to a glass jar and allow to cool completely before covering and storing in the refrigerator for up to 6 months.nFor Molasses: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and lemon juice in a 4quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 cup, approximately 70 minutes. It should be the consistency of thick syrup. Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the saucepan for 30 minutes. Transfer to a glass jar and allow to cool completely before covering and storing in the refrigerator for up to 6 months., ingredients: [Ice, 1 12 ounces tequila, Freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 ounce homemade pomegranate syrup, recipe follows, 4 cups pomegranate juice, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Tequila Sunrise, picturelink: 9wIzdSbI6vqS.KB45ctcEYRq5RQ2yIe}, 35428: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the vegetable oil and flour into a 5 to 6quart cast iron Dutch oven and whisk together to combine. Place on the middle shelf of the oven, uncovered, and bake for 1 12 hours, whisking 2 to 3 times throughout the cooking process.nWhile the roux is baking, dehead, peel and devein the shrimp. Place the shrimp in a bowl and set in the refrigerator. Place the heads and shells in a 4quart saucepan along with the 2 quarts of water, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to low and simmer for 1 hour or until the liquid has reduced to 1quart. Remove from the heat and strain the liquid into a container, discarding the solids.nOnce the roux is done, carefully remove it from the oven and set over mediumhigh heat. Gently add the onions, celery, green peppers and garlic and cook, moving constantly for 7 to 8 minutes or until the onions begin to turn translucent. Add the tomatoes, salt, black pepper, thyme, cayenne pepper, and bay leaves and stir to combine. Gradually add the shrimp broth while whisking continually. Decrease the heat to low, cover and cook for 35 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the shrimp and sausage and stir to combine. Add the file powder while stirring constantly. Cover and allow to sit for 10 minutes prior to serving. Serve over rice., ingredients: [4 ounces vegetable oil, 4 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 12 pounds raw, whole, headon mediumsized 3150 count shrimp, 2 quarts water, 1 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced green peppers, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup peeled, seeded and chopped tomato, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 bay leaves, 12 pound andouille sausage, cut into 14inch pieces and browned, 1 tablespoon file powder], title: Shrimp Gumbo, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 35429: {instructions: Beat eggs and a splash of milk seasoned with salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Combine bread crumbs with cheese and parsley in a second dish. Coat the fresh pasta in egg then bread crumbs. Heat 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil over medium heat in a skillet then toast the ravioli until deep golden, 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nIn a small sauce pot heat the remaining extravirgin olive oil and the garlic and red pepper flakes over medium low heat. Grind the roasted peppers in the food processor and add to garlic after it sautes for a couple of minutes. Stir in tomatoes and season the sauce with salt and pepper. When ready to serve, transfer sauce to a small bowl. Surround the sauce with toasted ravioli for dipping and serve., ingredients: [2 eggs, Splash of milk or halfandhalf, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups Italian bread crumbs, eyeball it, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 12 large fresh spinach and cheese ravioli, about 34 pound, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 roasted red peppers, drained, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes], title: Toasted Ravioli, picturelink: aRriQv3BW5TfOPbqfTzF8purhqCnjK}, 35430: {instructions: For the pear butter glaze: Combine the pear sauce, sugar, bourbon, cardamom and lemon juice in a saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, until it reduces by half, 25 to 30 minutes. Reserve 12 cup of the glaze to slather on the chickens as they cook, and the rest for serving.nFor the roasted chicken: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPat the chickens dry and sprinkle liberally all over with salt and pepper. Divide the rosemary, lemon rinds and fennel between the cavities of both chickens. Tie the legs with butchers twine and tuck the wings under the chickens.nPlace the chickens in a roasting pan and roast for 45 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and slather the chickens generously with the reserved pear butter glaze. Roast until the juices run clear when pricked, 15 to 20 more minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes to allow for carryover cooking.nFor the fennel salad: Meanwhile, toss the shaved fennel with the lemon juice, a drizzle of olive oil and salt and pepper to taste and place on a platter.nSlather the chickens generously with more of the pear butter glaze and put the chickens on top of the shaved fennel salad. Garnish with fennel fronds. Serve with the remaining glaze., ingredients: [4 cups unsweetened pear sauce like applesauce, but pear, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup bourbon, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, Juice of 2 lemons save the rinds for the chickens, Two 3 to 4pound chickens, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 bulb fennel, quartered, fronds reserved for garnish, 1 bulb fennel, shaved on a mandolin or sliced very thinly, fronds reserved for garnish, Juice of 1 lemon, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Chicken with Bourbon Pear Butter Glaze, picturelink: AU6U5pINo45fCn5CHSCPciKGHmCYNDS}, 35431: {instructions: Prepare your smoker or grill for barbecuing, using the indirect heat setup with a drip pan in place, and preheat to 210 degrees F. Pat the ribs dry, then season with the salt.nPour some water in the drip pan and place some presoaked wood chunks or a packet of presoaked wood chips directly on the hot coals. Oil the hot grate and place the ribs in your grill or smoker, meat side up. Cover and smoke for a total of 6 hours. After about 5 hours, begin to baste the ribs with the BBQ Sauce about every 20 minutes. The ribs are done when the meat cracks when picked up with tongs and they reach an internal temperature of 170 to 180 degrees F.nTo finish the ribs, throw them on the grill over direct medium heat to let the sauce caramelize. Baste between turns, and youre done.nThis is our core sauce based on the western North Carolina style. Its a good idea to keep extra in the fridge because it goes well with everything from fries to chicken fingers. Whisk all the ingredients together in a nonreactive saucepan, place over mediumhigh heat, and bring to a boil.nLower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the sauce just coats the back of a wooden spoonits not intended to be overly thick.nCool and use immediately or store for later use in the fridge, where it will keep for 2 to 3 months., ingredients: [3 racks St. Louisstyle ribs see note, below, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 to 4 cups Brother Jimmys Original BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups white vinegar, 1 12 cups Heinz ketchup if you use another brand, the taste will be different, 1 12 cups packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: NorthernStyle Ribs, picturelink: null}, 35432: {instructions: Add the water to a large saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the 2 teaspoons of salt and gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the mixture thickens and the cornmeal is tender, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat. Add the butter, and stir until melted. Stir in the Parmesan and incorporate well. This will slightly thicken the polenta. Add the cream and 1 teaspoon of black pepper and stir with a wooden spoon until incorporated. Taste the polenta, and add a little more salt and a little ground black pepper, if necessary. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [6 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 34 cups yellow cornmeal, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning], title: Creamy Parmesan Polenta, picturelink: null}, 35433: {instructions: For the Black PepperSweet Mustard Sauce: Combine the mustards, honey, black pepper, thyme in a medium bowl and season with salt. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat until smoking. Season each breast with salt and pepper to taste. Score the skin with a knife and sear the breast, skinside down, until golden brown and fat has rendered, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove most of the fat, turn the breasts over and place them in the oven and cook for 10 to 12 minutes for medium rare doneness, remove duck and brush liberally with the mustard glaze. Let duck rest for 10 minutes, slice each breast on the bias.nFor the Soft Mascarpone Polenta: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until very soft, add the asparagus, season with salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes. Place water in a large saucepan with 2 tablespoons of salt and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the polenta, cook for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring every few minutes with a wooden spoon.nRemove polenta from heat, whisk in mascarpone, Manchego and leekasparagus mixture, season with salt and pepper. Keep warm., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Salt, 4 7ounce muscovy duck breast, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large leeks, washed, white and light green part, finely sliced, 8 spears asparagus, blanched, shocked and sliced on bias into 12inch pieces, 8 cups water, Salt, 2 cups polenta, 14 cup mascarpone, 14 cup grated Manchego cheese, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Muscovy Duck Breast with Black PepperSweet Mustard Sauce and Soft Mascarpone Polenta with Asparagus and Leeks, picturelink: null}, 35434: {instructions: Mix seasoned salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, paprika, garlic powder, and onion powder in a mixing bowl to create a dry rub. Heavily coat chicken with dry rub mixture. Place in refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours.nPreheat a large pot of canola oil to 350 degrees F.nMix eggs, buttermilk, and water in mixing bowl. Dip chicken pieces in egg wash. Put chicken pieces in a brown paper bag with seasoned flour and shake, ensuring all chicken is coated thoroughly. Set aside.nFry until golden brown and crisp. Dark meat requires approximately 13 to 14 minutes, per side white meat approximately 8 to10 minutes per side.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [10 pounds cut up chicken pieces, 12 cup seasoned salt, 13 cup ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 cup garlic powder, 12 cup onion powder, 5 eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons water, 5 pounds flour, seasoned, Canola oil, for frying], title: Hoosier Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 35435: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. To prepare crostini, arrange baguette slices on a baking sheet in a single layer. Broil, turning, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.nRub crostini with tomato. Drizzle with olive oil. Top each crostini with a slice of ham. Brush with olive oil. Arrange on a serving platter and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [24 14 to 13inch thick slices baguette, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, 24 paperthin slices Serrano ham, Very finely chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Serrano Ham Crostini, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 35436: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the dijon and juice. Drizzle in oil. Add the tomatoes and onion and season. Check for seasoning. Can be stored in an air tight container for up to 4 hours before serving. Right before serving, toss with the basil leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dijon mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 large ripe tomatoes, mixed colors, 1  large dice, 1 small red onion, 14 dice, 1 cup picked thai basil leaves, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Thai BasilTomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 35437: {instructions: In a large stockpot with a removable basket and tightfitting lid bring 3 gallons water to a boil and add salt, peppercorns, crab boil, hot sauce and seasoning. Cover pot and bring back to a boil. Add remaining ingredients except crawfish, cover and cook 5 minutes. Add crawfish, stir well and cover. Turn off heat and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes. Ladle crawfish and vegetables onto a large platter or deep bowls and serve with melted butter., ingredients: [23 cup salt, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 2 packages dry crab boil, 1 cup liquid crab boil, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 8 new potatoes, 4 ears corn, 2 lemons, 4 onions, 2 heads garlic, 4 stalks celery, halved crosswise, 5 pounds crawfish, Melted butter, for serving], title: Crawfish Boil, picturelink: null}, 35438: {instructions: In a bowl, combine 1ounce bread crumbs, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire, mayonnaise, parsley, peppers, egg white, scallion, lemon juice, old bay, dry mustard, onion powder, and Dijon mustard. Once combined, gently fold in crabmeat. Once fully incorporated, form into 2 to 3 inch cakes. Dredge in remaining bread crumbs. Pan fry in hot oil until golden brown on both sides., ingredients: [4 ounces bread crumbs, unseasoned, 3 dashes hot pepper sauce, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 2 ounces mayonnaise, 4 sprigs parsley, roughly chopped, 14 green pepper, fine dice, 14 red pepper, fine dice, 1 egg white, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 2 ounces Dijon mustard, 1 pound jumbo lump Maryland crabmeat, Oil, for pan frying], title: Crabcakes, picturelink: null}, 35439: {instructions: Unwrap the turkey and remove the neck and giblets reserve for gravy. Rinse the turkey under cold water and pat dry. Fill a large pot with 2 quarts water add the orange zest, orange juice, 2 cups kosher salt, the sugar, black tea bags, bay leaves, cloves, peppercorns and bourbon. Bring to a boil, then simmer 10 minutes. Add 4 quarts cold water and let cool. Submerge the turkey in the brine, adding water to cover, if necessary. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.nRemove the turkey from the brine rinse and pat dry. Mix the butter, honey, dijon mustard and spicy brown mustard until combined. Reserve 4 tablespoons of the butter, then rub the rest under the turkey skin on the breasts and legs. Rub 2 tablespoons of the reserved butter on the skin chill and save the rest for your gravy. Let the turkey stand 30 minutes at room temperature before roasting.nPut the oven rack in the lowest position preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the turkey breastside up on a rack in a large roasting pan, tucking the wing tips under. Tie the drumsticks together with twine. Roast until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 15 minutes per pound. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving. Whisk the reserved 2 tablespoons flavored butter into your gravy just before serving, if desired.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 fresh or frozen turkey 1 to 1 12 pounds per person, Zest in wide strips and juice of 5 oranges, Kosher salt, 1 cup sugar, 12 black tea bads, 4 bay leaves, 6 cloves, 12 peppercorns, 1 cup bourbon, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons spicy brown mustard], title: OrangeTeaBourbon Brined Turkey With Honey Mustard Butter, picturelink: jj.ibsiKFmZBTch4xEAmo01BapOXZyu}, 35440: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch diameter tart pan with a removable basenPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLiberally butter a 9inch tart pan with a removable base.nFor the crust: In a food processor, combine the flours, parsley, thyme and 12 teaspoon salt 14 teaspoon pepper. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture forms a coarse meal. With the motor running, gradually add the ice water and process until the mixture forms a ball. Form the dough into a disc and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 10inch round. Place the dough in the prepared pan and trim any excess dough from the top of the pan. Using a fork, prick the dough all over and bake for 12 minutes. Let the crust cool for 15 minutes.nFor the filling: In a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the arugula and cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Spoon the leek mixture over the crust. Sprinkle the goat cheese and smoked salmon on top.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper until frothy. Pour the egg mixture over the filling. Place the tart pan on a baking sheet and bake until the filling has set and the cheese begins to brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool for 30 minutes, then remove the sides and base of the tart pan.nCut the tart into wedges. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing the tart pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup almond flour, 14 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, chilled, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more as needed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium leek, pale green and white part only, cleaned and thinly sliced, 6 cups baby arugula leaves 6 ounces, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 3 ounces smoked salmon, chopped into 12inch pieces, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Smoked Salmon, Arugula and Goat Cheese Tart, picturelink: iDpwDtAfVgT43zxRDM4GyPnfJafcIY.}, 35441: {instructions: Special equipment: Deep fryernPreheat the oven to 175 degrees F. Preheat the oil in the deep fryer to 400 degrees F.nFor the flour: In a bowl, mix the four, salt and Cajun seasoning.nFor the chicken: Toss the chicken with 12 cup of the oil, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, and place on parchment paper. Cook slowly in the oven until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and cool.nOnce cooled, toss the cooked chicken with the seasoned flour and flash fry in the deep fryer. Cook until the skin is crisp, 4 minutes. Remove and allow excess oil to drain over paper towels.nFinally reseason with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 8 pieces airline chicken breast, 12 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 35442: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil. When the oil is hot, add mushrooms and cook until dark and tender. Add kale and turn with tongs to wilt. Season the mixture of mushrooms and greens with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add wine and deglaze the pan. Reduce heat to low and cook greens 5 minutes longer then serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 portobello mushroom caps, sliced, 1 14 pounds kale, stemmed and chopped, Salt and pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, about 14 teaspoon, 12 cup dry Italian red wine], title: Kale and Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: i9Sc.RRGReoug3hBTMgIaUQCKTL0Wy}, 35443: {instructions: Mix the ingredients in a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [12 fresh pineapple, cubed, 12 fresh papaya, cubed, 2 Tbs. crystallized ginger, finely chopped, 2 green onions, pinch salt, juice of 12 lemon, 1 tsp. balsamic vinegar], title: Pineapple Papaya Chutney, picturelink: null}, 35444: {instructions: Sweet Potatoes:nPreheat the oven to 365 degrees F.nCombine the first 6 ingredients. Toss with the sweet potatoes. Place the sweet potatoes in a single layer on a sprayed baking sheet. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes until beginning to brown.nPesto:nCombine all ingredients in a food processor or blender and puree.nGoat Cheese Sauce:nCombine the goat cheese and halfandhalf in a small saucepan and heat over low heat until goat cheese is melted and sauce is warm.nLamb:nPreheat a grill or grill pan over high heat.nSeason the lamb with the salt and pepper. Grill to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium rare.nTo serve, divide the sweet potatoes onto 4 plates, loosely stacking them towards the center. Position a lamb chop on each stack. Drizzle pesto around the potatoes. Spoon goat cheese sauce over lamb., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 2 small sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into 14inch thick disks, Cooking spray, 14 cup Mexican mint marigold or tarragon, packed, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped pecans, 14 cup chicken stock or water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 6 tablespoons chevre goat cheese, 4 tablespoons fatfree halfandhalf, 4 5 to 6ounce lamb loin chops, Salt, Pepper], title: Grilled Lamb Loin Chop with Roasted MustardSage Sweet Potatoes, Mexican Mint Marigold Pesto and Warm Goat Cheese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35445: {instructions: Remove and discard excess fat from chicken. Rinse and pat dry. Remove skin, if desired. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Arrange chicken, bone side down in center of cooking grate. Cover grill. Cook until meat near bone registers 165 degrees and is no longer pink and the juices run clear. Turn once during cooking., ingredients: [4 large whole chicken breasts, bone on, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Chicken Breasts and Pieces, picturelink: null}, 35446: {instructions: In a large saute pan on high heat, add the oil and quickly sweat the garlic and ginger. Add all peppers and the bok choy. Saute until the veggies begin to sweat and splash them with soy sauce. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 yellow pepper, julienne, 1 red pepper, julienne, 1 orange pepper, julienne, 3 stalks bok choy, julienne, 1 dash soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Julienne Pepper and Bok Choy Medley, picturelink: null}, 35447: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla. Gradually blend in dry ingredients. Add enough of the buttermilk to moisten the dough and make it soft, not wet.nRoll rounded teaspoons of dough into balls and place on a ungreased cookie sheet. With a brush or fingers, moisten the top of each cookie with the remaining buttermilk and slightly flatten the top of each cookie. Sprinkle with raw sugar or colored sprinkles.nBake for 8 to 10 minutes or until slightly golden. Let stand for 2 minutes before removing to cool on a rack., ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup softened butter, 1 12 cups white sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 to 4 tablespoons buttermilk, Sprinkles or colored sugar, for decorating], title: Chewy Sugar Cookies, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 35448: {instructions: Cut the bottom of the tomatoes enough so that they will stand. Slice the tomatoes into 12inch thick slices about 2 or 3, leaving the stem on top.nSeason the slices with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor each tomato, top the bottom slice with some of the cheese. Repeat with the remaining slices, and build the tomato to its original form, finishing with the top. Top with a drizzle of olive oil, if desired., ingredients: [4 vine ripened tomatoes, Gray sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4ounce ball fresh mozzarella, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, to drizzle], title: Sliced Heirloom Tomato Stack with Mozzarella Cheese, picturelink: null}, 35449: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a 10inch nonstick skillet. Combine the flour, milk, eggs, melted butter, vanilla and salt in a blender process until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees. Warm the same skillet over medium heat until a drop of water bounces and sizzles. Add 1 teaspoon butter turn to coat the pan with the melted butter. Pour in a scant 13 cup batter and quickly swirl the pan to evenly coat the bottom. Cook until the pancake sets, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, carefully lift the pancake by the edges and flip cook until lightly golden on the other side, 15 to 30 seconds. Transfer to a plate keep warm in the oven while making the others. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter to make about 12 pancakes. If the pancakes seem too thick, thin the batter slightly with warm water. Fold or roll and serve with confectioners sugar, syrup and fresh fruit.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups whole milk, 3 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, Confectioners sugar, maple syrup and fresh fruit, for garnish], title: Swedish Pancakes, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 35450: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Toss in 2 cloves garlic and the red pepper flakes and bring the pan to medium heat. Cook the garlic until it becomes golden and very aromatic, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the garlic and ditch it  it has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Toss in the bread cubes and cook, stirring frequently, until they are golden, crisp and have absorbed all the oil, like little olive oil sponges. Remove from the heat and reserve.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the parmigiano, lemon zest and juice, the remaining 1 to 2 cloves garlic, the mustard, anchovies and Worcestershire sauce. Puree until the mixture is smooth, 15 to 20 seconds. With the machine running, add 14 to 12 cup olive oil through the feed tube. Let the processor continue to run another 10 to 15 seconds. Taste and season with salt if needed.nIn a large bowl, toss the kale with the croutons and twothirds of the dressing. Let the kale sit 3 to 4 minutes to soften. Taste, add the remaining dressing and adjust the seasoning if needed. Top with more parmigiano.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 slices dayold Italian bread, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup grated parmigiano, plus more for topping, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 to 3 anchovy fillets, 2 shakes Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 1 bunch kale about 1 pound, stems removed, leaves cut into ribbons], title: Kale Caesar Salad, picturelink: pCQHVriLDKjYsDw4bNUN.eRX1F3pOK}, 35451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake croutons:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss bread cubes with olive oil, salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Bake until croutons are golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven, and allow to cool completely.nMake bacon bits:nSpray a nonstick pan with cooking spray and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add bacon and cook until crisp, stirring frequently, about 4 to 5 minutes. Allow to cool.nMake dressing:nCombine the yogurt, mayonnaise, ketchup, vinegar and pickles in a bowl and stir to incorporate. Season with salt, to taste.nToss the lettuce, tomato, onion, and cucumber in a large salad bowl with the dressing. Top with croutons, bacon bits, sliced chicken and serve.nExcellent source of: Protein, Vitamin A, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Fiber, Thiamin, Calcium, Iron, Manganese, Potassium, ingredients: [1 large head greenleaf lettuce about 1 pound shredded, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 English cucumber, sliced, 12 ounces grilled chicken breast, sliced, 1 wholewheat roll about 2 ounces preferably day old, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 3 slices Canadian bacon 3 ounces finely diced, 13 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped sweet gherkin pickles 12ounce, Salt], title: Classic Salad with Chicken, picturelink: oA8N2Wq4wPeVW4F5.XadELeoizlDiq}, 35452: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nDivide and toss the asparagus with the olive oil, salt, and pepper, and arrange in a single layer on 2 to 3 separate large rimmed baking sheets.nPlace in the oven and roast until the spears are tender and the tips are turning golden and slightly charred, 10 to 12 minutes.nPrepare the vinaigrette while the asparagus is roasting. To a bowl, add the Dijon mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Whisk in the olive oil to emulsify. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary.nRemove the asparagus from the oven and place on a serving platter. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and sprinkle with the feta cheese. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 bunches medium asparagus, ends trimmed, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 cup crumbled feta], title: Roasted Asparagus with Feta Cheese, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 35453: {instructions: For the dough: Sift the flours and a pinch of salt into a bowl. Whisk together the eggs, oil, and 2 tablespoons water in a separate bowl. Pour the flour mixture onto a clean dry work surface and form a small well in the center. Pour half of the egg mixture into the well and, using a fork, begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture. Once absorbed, incorporate the remaining egg mixture and knead by hand until all of the liquid is absorbed, 5 to 6 minutes, flouring your work surface as needed to ensure the dough doesnt stick. Roll the dough into a ball, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour. For the filling: Mix together all of the ingredients until fully incorporated in a bowl. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 20 minutes, or up to 1 hour. To assemble: Divide the rested dough into 2 equalsize pieces and roll out on a floured work surface to a thickness of 18inch. On 1 dough sheet, distribute tablespoonsized portions of the filling, at least 2 inches apart. Brush the edges of the dough with the egg wash. Carefully lay the second sheet of dough on top and press the edges shut with your fingertips. Use a round 1 12inch ravioli cutter to portion out ravioli pieces, pinching the edges shut to ensure no air is trapped inside. In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Whisk the remaining 3 eggs and cream in a shallow bowl. Place the breadcrumbs and Parmesan into another shallow bowl and stir to combine. Dredge the ravioli in the egg mixture, followed by the breadcrumb mixture. Working in batches, carefully drop the ravioli into the saucepan and fry until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, making sure that the oil comes back up to temperature in between batches. Place directly onto a cooling rack lined with aluminum foil to drain any excess oil. Serve with warm tomato sauce and freshly grated Parmesan.nServing suggestion: tomato sauce and freshly grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 cup semolina flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling dough, Pinch kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon olive or vegetable oil, 1 pound shredded provolone or mozzarella cheese, 12 pound ground beef, cooked and drained of excess oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 eggs, 1 lightly beaten for egg wash, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups Italian breadcrumbs, 18 cup grated Parmesan, Canola oil, for frying], title: Toasted Ravioli and Basic Ravioli Dough, picturelink: AmPhx8SA5yP08VUWlpW5oD0ByIxJ9K}, 35454: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread the coconut in a single layer on a baking pan. Toast coconut in oven until pale golden brown, watching carefully to avoid burning, about 8 minutes.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the yogurt, honey, rum, and mint. In another large bowl, combine the fruit. Pour the yogurt mixture over the fruit and toss to combine. Allow to sit for 10 minutes so the fruit can absorb the flavors. Sprinkle the toasted coconut on top and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup dark or spiced rum, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 quart container pineapple chunks, 1 quart container honeydew melon chunks, 1 quart container watermelon chunks, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and chopped], title: Creamy Fruit Salad, picturelink: CmH78x0JHCsJrMo1EXGYn1MiIvM58oS}, 35455: {instructions: Special equipment: Fifteen 5ounce paper cupsnCombine the crushed cookies, peanut butter cups and candycoated chocolate pieces and add a spoonful to the bottom of each paper cup.nScoop the ice cream into a large bowl of a mixer, then pour in the remaining chocolatecookie mix. Mix gently with a paddle attachment. Spoon the ice cream into the cups and carefully insert a popsicle stick into each pop.nFreeze until the ice cream has solidified. Tear off the paper cups to serve., ingredients: [12 package sandwich cookies 12 to 14 cookies , crushed, 15 regularsize peanut butter cups, crushed, 10 ounces candycoated chocolate pieces about 1 cup, crushed, 12 gallon very good quality vanilla ice cream, slightly softened], title: Ice Cream Freezer Pops, picturelink: YKNGa08OVkT1aicylxpIWtKQetYtQYi}, 35456: {instructions: In a blender, combine the mango and water and blend at high speed until smooth. If you prefer a thinner consistency, add more water, and add sugar and lemon juice to taste. Blend again and serve in tall glasses over ice with a wedge of lime., ingredients: [4 cups cubed ripe mango, 3 cups water, 14 cup sugar, or to taste, Juice of a lemon, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Refresco de Mango, picturelink: null}, 35457: {instructions: Coat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of shrimp with salt and black pepper. Place shrimp on hot pan and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, until bright pink and cooked through. Sprinkle shrimp with cilantro.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan, whisk together orange juice, lime juice, ginger, cornstarch, and garlic. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer 2 minutes, until mixture thickens. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Transfer sauce to a serving bowl. Serve 23 of the shrimp with the rice and dipping sauce on the side. Reserve remaining shrimp for wraps, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup rice, regular or instant, cooked according to package directions, Cooking spray, 2 pounds large or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Grilled Shrimp with Citrus Dipping Sauce, picturelink: eCAFjYp1.7efuu0EupqCr5Pj8hoLDwG}, 35458: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nTo prepare the topping: In a mediumsize bowl, stir together the flour, the sugar, and the baking powder. Add the milk and the butter and beat until smooth.nTo prepare the filling: In a large saucepan, combine all the ingredients. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture is thickened and bubbly, about 510 minutes. Pour into an ungreased 13x9inch glass baking dish. Spoon the topping over the filling and spread carefully and evenly with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake 3040 minutes or until topping is lightly golden and a cake tester inserted into the center of topping comes out clean., ingredients: [4 cups sliced nectarines, 12 cup cold water, 13 cup unpacked light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup milk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, Cinnamon sugar for sprinkling], title: Nectarine Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 35459: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine sugar, corn syrup, water, and cream of tartar. Over mediumhigh heat, cook sugar mixture until it reaches a temperature of 300 degrees F. Remove from heat. When mixture has cooled to 260 to 270 degrees F, stir in colorings and flavoring.nCover the back of a baking pan with nonstick aluminum foil and arrange lollipop sticks 3 to 4 inches apart. Carefully spoon or pour sugar mixture over the end of lollipop sticks. If mixture becomes too thick, place pan over low heat and stir constantly until it loosens up. Let lollipops cool completely before touching. If you plan on keeping lollipops for more than a day, wrap individually in cellophane pouches., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 13 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup water, 14 tablespoon cream of tartar, optional, 10 drops red food coloring, 10 drops blue food coloring, 8 drops green food coloring, 3 teaspoons licorice flavoring], title: Black Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 35460: {instructions: Combine the garlic, ginger, chiles and 3 tablespoons kosher salt in a food processor and process to a fine paste transfer the marinade to a large bowl. Using a paring knife, pierce each chicken wing two or three times through the skin then add to the marinade, tossing to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or preferably overnight.nMeanwhile, toast the coconut in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring often until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the coconut to a bowl and let cool.nMake the raita: Combine the cucumber and 1 teaspoon salt in colander set over a bowl, toss to combine and let stand for 30 minutes. Use your hands to squeeze as much moisture as possible from the cucumbers, then transfer them to a bowl. Stir in the yogurt, cilantro, lime zest and juice. Season the raita with more salt and pepper then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use, up to 2 days. Stir before serving.nPut the chickpea flour in a large bowl. Using tongs, remove half the wings from the marinade and toss with the flour to coat evenly. Transfer the wings to a wire rack set over a baking sheet and repeat the dredging process with the remaining wings. Discard any leftover chickpea flour.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in 2 batches, fry the wings, turning occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through, 16 to 18 minutes per batch. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the wings to a large bowl and sprinkle with salt. Make sure the oil returns to the proper temperature between batches.nToast the mustard and coriander seeds in a medium skillet over medium heat, swirling the pan until the mustard seeds begin to pop and the spices are fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the turmeric, cook for 10 seconds, then stir in the butter. Heat until the butter melts and the spices begin to sizzle, about 1 minute. Pour the butter and spices over the chicken wings, toss to coat, then transfer to a serving platter. Add the toasted coconut to the seasonings left in the large bowl, then sprinkle over the wings. Serve immediately with the raita on the side., ingredients: [2 heads garlic, cloves separated and peeled, One 8inch piece ginger about 6 ounces, peeled and thinly sliced, 10 serrano chiles about 4 ounces, stems removed remove seeds for less heat, Kosher salt, 4 pounds chicken wings, separated into flats and drummettes, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 1 cucumber, grated on the large holes of a box grater, 1 cup plain wholemilk yogurt not Greek, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lime, Freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 cups chickpea flour, 1 tablespoon whole brown mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced], title: ExtraCrispy Indian Spiced Chicken Wings, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 35461: {instructions: In an iron skillet, without oil, toast the celery and cumin seed for a few seconds until you get a good whiff of the spice aroma. Remove the spices from the heat and transfer them to a mixing bowl. Whisk in the sugar and yogurt.nAdd the cucumbers and cabbage and toss well to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Right before serving, give the cole slaw a toss, taste and season with salt and a dash of cayenne pepper. If it does not taste tangy enough, add drops of white wine vinegar and keep on tasting., ingredients: [1 teaspoon each celery and cumin seed, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup seeded cucumbers cut into 34inch half moons, 4 cups shredded and green cabbage, Salt and cayenne pepper, Drops of white wine vinegar, according to taste], title: Micheles Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 35462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lemon oil:nCombine the olive oil and the lemon zest in a small bowl and reserve.nFor the pasta:nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, in a large, heavy skillet warm the olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook until pink, about 5 minutes. Add the cooked linguine, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Toss to combine. Turn off the heat and add the arugula. Using a mesh sieve, strain the lemon zest out of the reserved lemon olive oil and add the oil to the pasta. The zest can be discarded. Add some of the cooking water to desired consistency. Add the chopped parsley to the pasta and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, zested, 1 pound linguine pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 16 ounces frozen shrimp, 14 cup lemon juice about 2 lemons, 1 lemon, zested, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces arugula about 3 packed cups, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Linguine with Shrimp and Lemon Oil, picturelink: JdUvPB3CF3e.AolLlOmD1zSaKcuwOK}, 35463: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Set aside.n2. Beat butter and sugar in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed 5 minutes or until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Mix in sour cream, milk, food color and vanilla. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed until just blended. Do not overbeat. Spoon batter into 30 paperlined muffin cups, filling each cup 23 full.n3. Bake 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted into cupcake comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire rack 5 minutes. Remove from pans cool completely. Frost with Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting.nBeat 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup 12 stick butter, softened, 2 tablespoons sour cream and 2 teaspoons McCormickR Pure Vanilla Extract in large bowl until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in 1 box 16 ounces confectioners sugar until smooth., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup milk, 1 bottle 1 ounce McCormicku00ae Red Food Color, 2 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting recipe follows], title: Red Velvet Cupcakes, picturelink: ij0BIuyeFP6VF5fSzwqaeDOFQIDhX.}, 35464: {instructions: Make the bearnaise reduction first. In a small saucepan, combine the tarragon, shallots, vinegar and wine over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nBlend yolks and bearnaise reduction together. With the blender running, add 13 of the butter in a slow steady stream. Once it emulsifies, turn the blender speed up to high and add the remaining butter. Season with salt and pepper and set aside in a warm spot to hold the sauce., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 shallots, minced, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, melted, Salt and pepper], title: Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35465: {instructions: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth and fluffy. Add the flour, cheese, and pepper and mix at low speed until blended. Form the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 2 hours. The recipe can be made up to this point and kept refrigerated up to 2 days in advance. Remove the dough from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before rolling out.nOn wellfloured parchment paper, roll out the dough into a rough rectangle, a little less than 14inch thick. The dough will be somewhat delicate and may crack in places, but you can just push the edges together with your fingers. Carefully transfer the dough to the cookie sheet and prick evenly all over with a fork. Cut with a pizza cutter or a knife into 1 12inch squares, making a grid.nBake in a preheated 375 degree F oven, just until the crackers turn golden, 15 to 20 minutes. As they come out of the oven, run your pizza cutter or knife again along the grid to separate the crackers the edges will have baked together a little bit in the oven. Let cool on the pan, then gently separate the crackers with your hands. They will be slightly fragile. Cut the figs in half and serve with the crackers., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick cool unsalted butter, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, grana is okay, but it should be good quality, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 fresh figs], title: Parmesan Cheese Crackers, picturelink: null}, 35466: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a saute pan set over mediumhigh heat. Place onion rounds in skillet season with salt and pepper. Cook until forktender, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet set over mediumlow heat. Add the pumpkin seeds, and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 4 minutes, being careful that the seeds dont jump from the skillet as they pop. Set skillet aside to cool. Place 12 cup cooked pumpkin seeds in the bowl of a food processor add a pinch of salt, and pulse until finely ground. With the machine running, slowly add the remaining 6 tablespoons olive oil. Add the lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Set the pumpkin vinaigrette aside. When ready to serve, combine both lettuces and the onion in a large bowl. Pour the reserved vinaigrette over the top, and toss the salad to combine. Sprinkle with remaining 12 cup pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large red onion, peeled and sliced into 14inch rounds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup raw pepitas, hulled, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 1 head red oakleaf lettuce, torn into pieces, 1 head green oakleaf lettuce, torn into pieces], title: PumpkinSeed Salad, picturelink: null}, 35467: {instructions: To make marinade: In a bowl, whisk together marinade ingredients until combined well. Put London broil in a large resealable plastic bag and pour marinade over it. Seal bag, pressing out excess air, and set in a shallow dish. Marinate meat, chilled, turning bag once or twice, for 8 hours.nRemove meat from the marinade, discarded the marinade, and pat the meat dry.nPreheat a grill and on an oiled rack set about 4inches over glowing coals, grill the meat, turning each once, 9 to 10 minutes on each side, or until it registers 125 to 130 degrees, on a meat thermometer for mediumrare meat. Alternatively, meat may be broiled.nTransfer meat to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. Cut meat diagonally across the grain into thin slices., ingredients: [4 large garlic cloves, minced, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 23 cup olive oil, 1 2 to 2 12 pound London broil], title: Grilled Marinated London Broil, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 35468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to high. Brush both sides of the fillets with canola oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until slightly charred and almost cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side, it will continue cooking in the sauce.nWhile the fish is grilling, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, anchovies and tomatoes and cook until slightly soft, about 4 minutes. Add the capers, olives, lemon juice, oregano and parsley and cook for 30 seconds. Transfer the fish to the sauce and let cook for 1 minute. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 wahoo fillets, 6 ounces each or whatever a good size is, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for finishing dish, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 anchovies in oil, patted dry and chopped, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Grilled Wahoo with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: ZI9QplqRpBIZ5c5HtNLxhiYLc6ZWv1.}, 35469: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Halve the tomatillos and place them cutside down on the foil. Broil until softened and lightly charred in spots, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and broil again until golden brown but not black the tomatillos should be tender but not mushy, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a cutting board, cool slightly, then chop the tomatillos coarsely.nWhile the tomatillos are broiling, stand the ear of corn in a bowl with a flat bottom and slice the kernels off right into the bowl. Grate the cheese on top of the corn. Add the chopped tomatillos and a big pinch of salt, and then toss to combine.nHeat the oil in a 10inch, highsided skillet over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 340 degrees F.nHave a little bowl of cool water on hand. Lay the empanada wrappers on a cutting board. Place 2 heaping tablespoons of the tomatillo filling in a short strip in the center of one wrapper. Then brush a little water on the bottom edge of the wrapper and fold the top half over, creating a halfmoon shape. Press to seal with your fingers, and then crimp the edges with a fork. Repeat with the remaining filling and wrappers.nFry the empanadas, 5 at a time, until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Flip and fry until deep golden brown, another 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on a rack and serve immediately., ingredients: [], title: Tomatillo Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 35470: {instructions: For the rosescented raspberries: Place half of the raspberries into a glass bowl and crush them with a fork. Gradually stir in the sugar and taste for sweetness. Gently fold in the remaining raspberries and the rosewater, until just combined. Chill the sweetened raspberry mixture until ready to serve.nFor the panna cotta: In a medium saucepan, combine the heavy cream and sugar and heat over medium heat. Using the point or tip of a knife, scrape the vanilla bean seeds into the saucepan before adding the pod. Stir the cream mixture until the sugar is completely dissolved, then bring the mixture to a brief boil before removing from the heat.nSoak the gelatin sheets in cold water until soft, about 15 minutes. Squeeze out the excess water, drop the sheets into the hot cream mixture and whisk until gelatin is completely dissolved. Add the yogurt, and continue whisking until the mixture is smooth. In a fine mesh sieve placed over a medium bowl, strain the yogurt mixture. Discard the vanilla bean pod. Divide the yogurt mixture among 4 4 ounce ramekins. Cover the ramekins with plastic wrap, and chill until the desserts have set, at least 3 hours. Place spoonfuls of the rosescented raspberries over the top of each ramekin for garnish and serve immediately.nPhoto credit: Petrina Tinslay Photography, ingredients: [1 pint fresh raspberries or 12 packet frozen raspberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon rosewater, Panna Cotta, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup superfine sugar, 12 vanilla bean, sliced lengthwise, 1 12 sheets or leaves unflavored gelatin, Cold water, for gelatin, 1 cup nonfat yogurt], title: Yogurt Panna Cotta with RoseScented Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 35471: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Butter a 3quart baking dish. Put cubed Cornbread and Italian bread on 2 separate rimmed baking sheets and bake until very dry, about 20 minutes. Let cool and combine in a large bowl. Increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, cook the sausage in a large skillet over medium heat until nicely browned and the fat has rendered out, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer the sausage to a papertowellined plate using a slotted spoon. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the sausage fat.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in the skillet with the sausage fat. Add the celery and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, 8 minutes. Stir in the sage, thyme, red pepper flakes, nutmeg and garlic and continue cooking and stirring until the herbs are fragrant, 2 minutes. Pour in the white wine, bring to a simmer, and cook until the liquid is almost completely absorbed, 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and add to the bread cubes along with the sausage, vegetables, turkey broth, oysters, oyster liquor and eggs. Season with the salt and black pepper and toss to coat.nSpread the dressing mixture into the baking dish and bake, covered with foil, 25 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking uncovered until well browned and crusty, about 30 minutes longer.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a large 12inch castiron skillet into the oven.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda. Combine the buttermilk, 2 tablespoons of the melted butter and the eggs in a spouted measuring cup. Whisk the buttermilk mixture into the cornmeal mixture until just combined.nCarefully remove the castiron skillet from the oven and pour in the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter. Pour the cornbread batter into the skillet and spread evenly. Bake until the top is browned and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Let the cornbread cool in pan for 10 minutes before turning out onto a cooling rack., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 8 cups 12inch cubes Cornbread, recipe follows, 4 cups 12inch cubes Italian bread, 1 pound breakfast sausage, crumbled, 4 large stalks celery, diced about 2 cups, 2 medium yellow onions, diced about 4 cups, 1 tablespoon fresh sage leaves, chopped about 5 large leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped about 7 sprigs, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cloves garlic, minced about 3 teaspoons, 34 cup white wine, 3 cups turkey or chicken broth, warmed, 24 oysters, shucked, drained, oyster liquor reserved, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Oyster Sausage Herb Dressing, picturelink: bWPqUldAlbY7muHXwyp72ALK3C13CMK}, 35472: {instructions: Halve persimmons lengthwise and scoop out flesh chop roughly and season if necessary with sugar or honey to taste. Fold raisins into puree along with chopped almonds and a pinch of ginger or crystallized ginger. Spoon over ice cream serve kids ice cream plain., ingredients: [2 ripe persimmons, Honey or confectioners sugar to taste, 2 tablespoons raisins plumped in Port wine, 2 to 3 chopped blanched almonds, Pinch of ground ginger or 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger, Vanilla ice cream], title: Persimmon Topping for Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 35473: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Grease a shallow 2 to 2 12quart baking dish with butter.nPudding: In a medium saucepan, combine the milk and butter and warm over low heat until the butter melts. In a medium bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, and salt. In a separate bowl, whisk together a little of the milk mixture and the molasses and then whisk this into the cornmeal mixture. Add the entire cornmeal mixture to the pan and whisk until the ingredients are fully integrated. Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes.nWhisk the eggs in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in some of the cornmeal mix to temper the eggs. Pour everything back into the saucepan and gently whisk in the sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, and raisins. Remove from the heat. Pour into the baking dish and bake until it looks like a slightly moist version of corn bread or a steamed pudding, 2 hours.nFor the apples: Place the apples on a flat surface and cut them each into 810 equalsized wedges. Heat a large skillet and add the butter. Toss in the apples and stir to coat them with the butter. Sprinkle them with the brown sugar and cook, stirring from time to time with a wooden spoon, until the apples are tender and yield slightly when pierced with the tip of a small knife. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice and ground ginger. Stir to blend. Keep them warm while the pudding cooks.nWhen the pudding is cooked, allow it to cool and top with the apples. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 12 stick butter, plus a little additional butter for greasing the baking dish, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup blackstrap molasses, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 cup golden raisins, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, 6 Braeburn, Rome or Empire apples, washed, dried, peeled and cored, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup firmly packed lightbrown sugar, Zest of 12 lemon and the juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Indian Pudding, picturelink: ea5AxIMPGbTNz05gSoYomjBq94xg0Rm}, 35474: {instructions: For the red sauce: Place a rack in the center of the oven. Heat some EVOO in a medium Dutch oven or saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions to the pot. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, add the bay and thyme and cook to soften, 5 to 6 minutes. Next, stir in the wine and tomato paste. Add the tomatoes and crush with a potato masher or wooden spoon. Bring the sauce to a bubble and reduce the heat to a simmer and thicken, 15 minutes.nPreheat the broiler.nFor the bechamel and ricotta: Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat and whisk in the flour for 1 minute. Then whisk in the milk and bring to a bubble. Season the sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Thicken the sauce and keep warm over low heat.nDrain the spinach well and separate into small pieces. Mix together the fresh ricotta and spinach in a small bowl.nFor the polenta: Bring the milk and chicken stock to a low boil. Add the polenta and season with the fennel, if using, salt and pepper. Whisk the polenta to mass, 3 minutes. Finish the polenta by stirring in 12 of the ParmigianoReggiano and the butter.nButter a casserole dish. Add half of the red sauce, and top with half of the polenta. Pour the bechamel sauce over the polenta and dot with the ricotta cheese and spinach. Top the bechamel layer with the remainder of the polenta. Top the polenta with more red sauce and the remaining ParmigianoReggiano and provolone. Reserve remaining red sauce, if any, to serve on the side. Broil to set and brown, 5 minutes., ingredients: [EVOO, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, One 28 to 32ounce can Italian San Marzano tomatoes, crushed, A few leaves fresh basil, torn, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 rounded tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 box frozen spinach, defrosted, 1 12 cups fresh ricotta, 2 cups whole milk, 6 cups chicken stock, vegetable stock or water, 2 12 cups quickcooking polenta, 12 teaspoon fennel pollen or ground fennel, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 tablespoons butter, plus some for greasing casserole, 2 cups shredded provolone], title: Polenta Vegetable Lasagna, picturelink: ypLTND0OYUjOXtEbHiUxtDFLyOeMh5S}, 35475: {instructions: To make the fritters: Combine the flour, sugar, and baking powder in a bowl and mix. Add the bananas, peanut butter, milk, and egg and whisk until the consistency is such that it can be balled up in a spoon. In a medium sauce pan, heat the peanut oil to 375 degrees F. Using a teaspoon, delicately spoon the peanutbutterbanana batter into the oil, a few balls at a time and deep fry until they fluff up and become crispy and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Strain on wire rack.nTo make the chocolate sauce: In a pot, bring a cup of water to a simmer. Add a large metal bowl over top of the pot. In the metal bowl, add the chocolate chunks and whipping cream, then whisk until it melts together.nGenerously drizzle the chocolate sauce over the fritters and serve., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch sea salt, Small pinch baking soda, 3 ripe bananas, mashed, 12 cup smooth organic peanut butter, 23 cup milk, 1 egg, Peanut or Canola oil, for deep frying, 12 cup dark chocolate chunks, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 cup water, for double boiler], title: Peanut Butter Banana Fritters Drizzled with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35476: {instructions: Prepare the rice according to package directions, adding the cinnamon stick with the water. Fluff the rice, discard the cinnamon stick and set aside to cool.nToss the shrimp with half of the ginger, 1 tablespoon of the sake, the vinegar and pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Let marinate 10 to 15 minutes. Mist a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and heat over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Add the shrimp with the marinade and cook, stirring, until just opaque, 2 minutes. Transfer to a large plate and set aside.nMist the same skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Lightly beat the eggs and egg whites and add to the skillet. Cook until scrambled, breaking up with a spatula and transfer to the same plate as the shrimp.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat, mist with nonstick spray and add the snow peas, carrots, garlic, onions and remaining ginger. Cook, stirring, until softened and crisptender, 5 minutes. Transfer to the same plate as the shrimp and eggs.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat and add the vegetable oil. Add the cooled rice, toss with the oil and pack in the skillet in a firm layer. Cook, without stirring, until the bottom of the rice is browned and crusty. Stir the rice and pack it in another layer. Repeat the process until the rice is well toasted and browned, and stopping if the rice seems to be getting dry. Add back the shrimp, eggs and vegetables along with the remaining 1 tablespoon sake and soy sauce and toss well to combine. Remove from the heat and top with the sliced scallions., ingredients: [1 12 cups jasmine rice, 12 cinnamon stick, 1 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp, halved lengthwise, One 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced into matchstick pieces about 14 cup, 2 tablespoons dry sake, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Cooking spray, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg whites, 1 cup snow peas, halved, 2 carrots, thinly sliced on an angle, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, halved and sliced root to stem, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced], title: Lightened Shrimp Fried Rice, picturelink: NAU8tkF2Dhx7KO66x5Xp3qRKd1KGUza}, 35477: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the flour, sugar and salt. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until a course crumbly texture forms. Sprinkle in the vinegar and pulse a few times. Add 3 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough just begins to come together. Pinch the dough between your fingers and if it doesnt stick together, add 1 tablespoon of ice water at a time, pulsing between additions until the dough comes together. Do not overmix or the dough will become tough.nDivide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pat each into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or preferably overnight, or freeze for up to 2 months. Roll out the dough and use as desired., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 5 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, Ice water], title: Basic Pie Dough, picturelink: null}, 35478: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat broiler to high.nArrange the tomatoes and chiles on an aluminum foillined broiler pan skin side up. Broil until their skins start to char and shrivel, about 10 to 12 minutes or until they are soft. Transfer the tomatoes and the chiles to a blender, puree, and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and the garlic and cook until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the oregano, cumin and Worcestershire sauce. Add the tomato puree and simmer until the sauce is slightly thickened and the flavors have blended, 10 minutes. Season with salt.nServe with various chips and vegetables., ingredients: [2 12 pounds tomatoes, cored and halved, 1 to 2 fresh serrano chiles, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Salsa Ranchera, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 35479: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat baking sheets with nostick cooking spray.n2. COMBINE Homemade Cookie Mix, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg and baking soda in large bowl. Add egg and molasses. Mix well. Shape into 34inch balls and roll in sugar. Place about 2inches apart on prepared baking sheets.n3. BAKE 6 to 8 minutes. Cool on baking sheet for 2 minutes. Cool completely on cooling rack., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 12 cups Homemade Cookie Mix, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup molasses, Sugar], title: Classic Gingersnaps, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 35480: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8 4inch ramekins with butter flavored cooking spray and set aside.nIn a bowl combine thawed blackberries, tapioca, lemon juice, 14 cup of cream soda and sugar. Transfer to ramekins.nIn a large bowl combined biscuit mix and remaining cream soda. Mix until well blended. Sprinkle biscuit mix over berries. Dust with sugar. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds frozen blackberries, thawed, 1 cup sugar plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons instant tapioca, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 7.75ounce packet butter biscuit mix recommended: Bisquick Complete, 34 cup cream soda, divided], title: Blackberry Cobbler, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 35481: {instructions: For the hummus: In the bowl of a food processor blend the cocoa powder, maple syrup, almond extract, cinnamon, salt and garbanzo beans. Add a little bit of water to adjust the consistency if needed.nFor the bacon: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCook the bacon to desired doneness in the microwave or on the stovetop. Sprinkle the hot bacon with brown sugar then bake for 5 minutes.nDip the candied bacon in the chocolate hummus and enjoy, ingredients: [14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon almond extract, Dash ground cinnamon, Dash salt, One 15ounce can garbanzo beans, rinsed, 1 pound bacon, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Chocolate Hummus with Candied Bacon, picturelink: 0tpddD4JkXlVfcoMaCZRtwiic1IRahm}, 35482: {instructions: Remove stems and seeds from pepper pods and boil chile peppers in water for approximately 1 hour, until pulp separates from skin. Scrape pulp from skin, mash into a paste. Use 1 cup of this paste in recipe.nPlace 1 cup of water in a small saucepan and add the oregano. Bring to a boil, remove from the heat and steep like tea. Strain, and add the strained liquid to the chili pot.nIn a saute pan, brown the beef, a small batch at a time, in hot oil adding onions and black pepper to each batch. Remove meat to chili pot as it browns. Add remaining ingredients and blend well. Cover and simmer 2 hours, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [6 dried New Mexico chiles, 6 dried pasilla chiles, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon oregano leaves, 6 pounds chuck, cubed or coarse ground, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 medium onions, finely diced, Black pepper, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 4 cups beef broth, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, 16 tablespoons Texas chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon monosodium glutamate, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 garlic cloves, crushed use remaining pulp, Salt], title: Shotgun Willie Chili, picturelink: null}, 35483: {instructions: Begin in a small saucepot, add all the dried fruits and mezcal with water and cook for 20 minutes until all the fruit has absorbed the mezcal. Set aside.nIn another small saucepot, bring the milk, heavy cream and sugar to a scald about 15 minutes. Let cool. In a large mixing bowl whisk in the eggs with cardamom, canela until well beaten. Add the cooled milk mixture to the eggs and whisk further. In a buttered baking dish, scatter the diced bread and distribute the dried fruit evenly on top of the bread. Add the milkegg mixture to the bread and fruit. Bake in 325degree oven for 25 minutes until golden brown on the outside.nServe a slice of bread with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream., ingredients: [12 cup dried apricots, diced, 12 cup dried pineapple, diced, 12 cup golden raisins, diced, 2 cups mezcal, 1 cup water, 1 quart milk, 1 pint heavy cream, 2 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 1 teaspoon cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground canela, 1 loaf eggbased dough, like brioche or challah, diced], title: Bread Pudding with Mezcal Marinated Dried Fruits, picturelink: null}, 35484: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMake the crust: In a large bowl, combine the flour and the salt. Cut in the shortening. Add water to bring the dough together. Roll the dough out on a floured surface and place into a 9inch pie plate.nMake the egg mixture: In another bowl, whisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, pepper, dry mustard and paprika. Set aside.nAssemble: Sprinkle the bacon, then onion, and then the cheeses on top of the crust, saving 1 chopped slice of bacon for the top garnish. Pour the egg mixture slowly into the shell to the rim. Sprinkle the reserved bacon on top of the quiche.nCover with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Then remove the foil and finish baking for 10 minutes. Cool on wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 13 cup vegetable shortening, chilled, 3 tablespoons iced water, Flour, for dusting, 4 eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 pinch black pepper, 1 pinch dry mustard, 1 pinch paprika, 6 slices bacon, cooked and chopped coarsely, 13 cup diced yellow onion, sauteed until translucent, 3 ounces Gruyere, grated, 3 ounces Swiss Emmental, grated], title: Putnams Market Quiche, picturelink: aFiyycC3tUCUerKj60zlfVdpkyfXMxS}, 35485: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag fitted with a star tipnIn a large pot, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer until fork tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain the potatoes and then press through a ricer or food mill back into the pot they were cooked in. Place over low heat for a few minutes to dry the potatoes.nHeat the cream and 12 stick of the butter in a saucepan over mediumlow heat until the butter melts and the cream is warm but not hot. Stir the mixture into the potatoes. Mix in the egg yolks and season with salt and pepper. Add cheese and nutmeg if desired.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a medium baking dish with butter.nMelt the remaining 12 stick butter in a small pot over low heat.nFill a piping bag fitted with a star tip with the mashed potatoes. Into the prepared baking dish, pipe the potatoes in a circular motion, about 3 inches in diameter, starting from the outside and filling in a circle. Finish by piping upwards for a nice swirl on top. Repeat to fill the entire baking dish. Brush each circle with the melted butter. Bake in the oven until golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds about 4 medium russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the baking dish, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup grated Gruyere cheese, optional, Freshly grated nutmeg, optional], title: Pommes Duchesse, picturelink: kezdSsiRxKMqFUoTpo51nTIWU6.dWO}, 35486: {instructions: Put the instant espresso powder in a small bowl with 12 cup of hot water. Stir and let the espresso dissolve completely, then allow to cool completely. Pour into an ice cube tray and freeze until completely set, at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nPut the coconut ice cream and sweetened condensed milk in the blender, then add the espresso ice cubes. Blend until the mixture is completely combined and smooth, about 2 minutes. Stop the blender as needed and use a spoon to help evenly disperse the ingredients as they blend. Pour into a tall glass and top with whipped cream and toasted shredded coconut if using., ingredients: [1 12 cups coconut ice cream about 5 large scoops, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, Sweetened whipped cream, for serving, 1 teaspoon toasted sweetened shredded coconut, optional, 1 12 teaspoons instant espresso powder], title: Vietnamese Iced Coffee Milkshake, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 35487: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the chili: In a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and bacon and cook until the bacon is light brown and crispy, about 4 minutes. Remove the bacon from the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside for the cornbread.nAdd the garlic, onions and green and red peppers to the bacon renderings and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the chile powder, cumin and cayenne pepper to the vegetables and allow the spices to brown to open up the aroma, 1 to 2 minutes. Next, add the tomato paste and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the fireroasted tomatoes and mix with the vegetables. Mix in the ground beef and pork. Add some salt and pepper and cook for about 3 minutes. Finally, add the beef broth, pinto beans and kidney beans, reduce the heat to medium, cover the pot loosely with a lid and let simmer for 40 minutes.nFor the cornbread: In the meantime, whisk together the butter and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add the eggs and whisk until combined. Add the cornmeal, flour, baking soda, salt and sugar and whisk to combine. Add the buttermilk and sour cream and whisk together. Add the jalapenos, scallions and reserved bacon and use a spatula to stir until just combined.nLightly grease a castiron skillet and pour in the batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving with the chili., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 slices centercut bacon, chopped into 12inch pieces, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 white onions, roughly chopped, 1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 6ounce can tomato paste, Two 15ounce cans fireroasted tomatoes, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups 2 quarts beef broth, Two 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, plus more for greasing skillet, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of salt, Pinch of sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup diced jalapeno peppers, 12 cup chopped scallions], title: Two Meat Chili with Scallion Cornbread, picturelink: R2X0sqWvYC1jCVvESTkTKqbAdI1r4yu}, 35488: {instructions: Position 1 oven rack in the center and the second rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Sprinkle the cornmeal over 2 rimless baking sheets. Roll out each piece of Pizza Dough into a 10 to 11inchdiameter round. Transfer 1 dough to each prepared baking sheet.nDrizzle 2 teaspoons of oil over each Pizza Dough. Sprinkle the mozzarella over the Pizza Dough, dividing equaling and leaving a 1inch border around each pizza. Arrange the tomato slices in a single layer over the cheese. Sprinkle with the Parmesan. Arrange basil leaves on top, drizzle with a little more olive oil and sprinkle garlic all over. Bake the pizzas until the crusts are crisp and brown on the bottom and the cheese is melted on top, about 15 minutes. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of oil over each pizza. Sprinkle with basil for garnish and salt. Cut the pizza into wedges and serve immediately.nMix the warm water and yeast in a small bowl to blend. Let stand until the yeast dissolves, about 5 minutes. Mix the flour and salt in a food processor to blend. Blend in the oil. With the machine running, add the yeast mixture and blend just until the dough forms. Turn the dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the dough to a large oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat with the oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm draftfree area until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 hour. Punch the down dough and divide into 2 equal balls. The dough can be used immediately or stored airtight in the refrigerator for 1 day., ingredients: [1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal, Two 8ounce pieces of homemade or purchased Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 6 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 13 cups, grated pasteurized mozzarella, 2 Roma tomatoes, cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 large garlic clove, minced, optional, 6 fresh basil leaves, plus extra for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 2 teaspoons dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pizza with Fresh Tomatoes and Basil, picturelink: 6UqENxp5bkS0fVkgSMcauv8fgvQD8aa}, 35489: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a 32ounce pitcher with ice, stir thoroughly and fill into 6 glasses. Garnish with celery stalk., ingredients: [6 ounces vodka, 16 ounces tomato juice, 1 ounce lemon juice, 3 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, Celery stalk], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 35490: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine tuna, 1 shallot, 1 teaspoon ginger, 12 teaspoon lime juice, soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil and 1 12 tablespoons olive oil. Using a plastic spatula gently fold the ingredients together until just incorporated. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nIn a separate bowl, combine salmon and the remaining shallot, ginger, lime juice, soy sauce, sesame oil, and olive oil, again using a plastic spatula to gently incorporate ingredients. Season, to taste.nSeparate the leaves of the endive. Serve 1 12 teaspoons of salmon tartar in half of the leaves and fill the remaining leaves with the tuna tartar. Garnish with caper berries. Serve chilled., ingredients: [13 pound sushi grade tuna, cut into small dice, 2 medium shallots, finely minced, 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 pound line caught wild salmon, cut into small dice, 2 heads Belgian endive, 1 tablespoon caper berries, finely chopped], title: Tuna and Salmon Tartare with Endive Leaf, picturelink: null}, 35491: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nIn small bowl, mix sugar and cinnamon.nIn large bowl, break up cookie dough. Stir or knead in flour until well blended. Reshape into log. Cut cookie dough into 32 14inch slices. Shape each into ball and roll in sugarcinnamon mixture place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets.nBake 10 to 14 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheets to cooling rack., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 roll 16.5 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Create n Bakeu00ae refrigerated sugar cookies, 14 cup allpurpose flour], title: Quick Snickerdoodles, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 35492: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the ahi into 34inch cubes and put in a large mixing bowl. Add the nuts, sesame oil, soy sauce, chili flakes and salt to taste. Lightly toss together. Then add the Maui onions and green onions and lightly toss to combine. Season with additional salt if needed and black pepper to taste. Garnish with the seaweed.nTo serve, spoon the poke into nonreactive serving dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh ahi yellowfin tuna, 1 teaspoon finely chopped macadamia nuts, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, optional, Salt, 14 cup shaved Maui onion, 2 tablespoons finely sliced green onions, Freshly cracked black pepper, 18 cup finely julienned, toasted dried seaweed], title: Ahi Poke and Seaweed Salad, picturelink: FzsqyqMqQj92crFLmYRbkN1rmDGXMy}, 35493: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the milk chocolate sauce: Combine the cream and honey in a small heavy saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate. Let stand until the chocolate melts, about 2 minutes, then whisk to combine. Cool the sauce slightly, then pour into a clear glass serving bowl or small pitcher. The sauce can be made 1 week ahead. Cool completely, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm the sauce in the microwave, if necessary.nTo make the whipped cream: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream and sugar in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Transfer the whipped cream to a serving bowl. The whipped cream can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the sundaes: Place each topping in a separate serving bowl. Scoop the gelato or ice cream into dessert bowls and drizzle with the milk chocolate sauce. Allow guests to sprinkle their desired toppings over their sundaes. Top with the whipped cream and cherries, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup whipping cream, 13 cup honey, 1 11.5ounce bag milk chocolate chips, 1 12 cups whipping cream, chilled, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 12gallon vanilla, mint chip, or coffee gelato, 1 12gallon Neapolitan ice cream, Assorted toppings coarsely crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies, almond biscotti, amaretti cookies, chopped toasted almonds, sliced fresh strawberries, rainbow decors, chocolate sprinkles, mini candycoated chocolates, and maraschino cherries], title: Gelato Bar, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 35494: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Turn off the heat, add the honey, and stir to combine.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl combine the eggs, ricotta, and sugar. Using a fork, mix to combine and beat the eggs. Add the milk, orange juice, butter and honey mixture, and bread. Stir to combine. Gently fold in the berries.nPlace the ingredients in a 10inch round 2quart baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the strata until golden on top and baked through, about 40 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving. Spoon into dishes and serve.nSERVINGS: 4 MAIN Calories: 401 Total Fat: 18 grams Saturated Fat: 9 grams Protein: 14 grams Total carbohydrates: 49 grams Sugar: 34 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 249 milligrams Sodium: 292 milligrams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 4 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk ricotta, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup orange juice, 4 slices of bread, torn into 1inch pieces about 4 cups, 1 10ounce bag frozen mixed berries, thawed and drained], title: Berry Strata, picturelink: JdUvPB3CF3e.AolLlOmD1zSaKcuwOK}, 35495: {instructions: Crosscut peeled onions into 12inch rings, discarding onion hearts. In separate container combine eggs, milk, and beer. Mix flour and baking powder thoroughly in separate container. Soak onions in milk mixture and coat onions in flour. This step is repeated a second time, and may be done a third time to insure that the entire onion is dusted with flour mixture. Fry onions in a deep fryer until golden brown., ingredients: [4 pounds white colossal onions, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 quart whole milk, 1 can beer, 5 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder], title: Sonnys Onion Rings, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 35496: {instructions: Prepare an open grill for moderate directheat cookingnSeed and chop the cucumber. In a medium bowl, stir together the cucumber, yogurt, garlic, dill and feta. Refrigerate and chill for 1 hour.nIn a small bowl, combine vinegar, oregano, salt and pepper. Whisk in oil until thick and well blended. Cut the eggplant into 12inch rounds. Arrange in a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish coat well with dressing. Grill eggplant until tender, about 3 minutes each side, keep warm.nLamb burger:nIn a large bowl blend together lamb, mint, cumin, salt and pepper, to taste. Form 6 patties.nBefore grilling burgers, brush the grill rack with oil. Place the patties on the rack turning once, 4 minutes each side.nCut pitas horizontally and lightly toast over indirect heat.nAssemble burgers as follows: pita bottom, lettuce, burger topped generously with tzatziki, a slice of grilled eggplant, and the top of the pita., ingredients: [1 small cucumber, 1 12 cups plain yogurt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh dill, 12 cup crumbled Greek feta cheese, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large eggplant, 2 pounds ground lamb, 34 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 12 tablespoons ground cumin, Salt and pepper, Oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 small pita breads, 3 cups chopped romaine lettuce], title: My Big Fat Greco Inspired Burger, picturelink: eWh7To4k3gRcIBSaZoCmPCfRK2pTWaW}, 35497: {instructions: Sausage Stuffing:Brown 1 pound crumbled sausage in 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 14 cup chopped parsley in a bowl add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetablebroth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Make Sausage Stuffing with spicy sausage and semolina bread. Toss in 1 cup sliced sundried tomatoes with the bread. Sprinkle with 14 cup grated parmesan before baking.], title: SunDried Tomato Stuffing, picturelink: 6sqymbDpjGdkhg3FNMPquyEpBf5l7zy}, 35498: {instructions: Place the shrimp in a large glass or ceramic bowl and toss with the salt and Tabasco. In a small glass bowl, combine the rum, lime juice, Worcestershire, and cumin. Whisk together and pour the mixture over the shrimp. Toss the shrimp to coat them evenly, cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and preferably 2.nPreheat a grill or broiler to high heat. In a small saucepan heat the butter and olive oil over low heat. When the mixture is hot and foamy, add the garlic and stir for 1 or 2 minutes, until the aroma of the garlic is released. Do not allow the garlic to burn. Remove 2 tablespoons of the marinade from the shrimp dish and add to the garlic mixture. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 minute. Remove the shrimp from the marinade with a slotted spoon and discard the remaining marinade. Place the shrimp in a shallow ovenproof dish that will hold them all in one layer. Or, make a single layer of shrimp in the base of individual gratin dishes. Pour an equal amount of the garlic mixture over each, and sprinkle with the salt, pepper, and bread crumbs. Broil the shrimp about 4 inches from the heat source until golden and bubbling, about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes, then squeeze a little lime juice over each and sprinkle with the parsley., ingredients: [2 12 pounds large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tails left on, 34 teaspoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon for breadcrumb mixture, 3 dashes Tabasco, 12 cup light rum, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup Spanish olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 1 lime, quartered, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Spicy Garlic Shrimp with Rum, picturelink: null}, 35499: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a straightsided baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a pie plate or shallow bowl, mix together the panko and matcha powder. In a separate bowl, mix the flour and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Beat the eggs in a third shallow bowl.nOne tender at a time, dredge the chicken in the seasoned flour, then in the egg, and then in the matcha panko. Place the breaded tenders on the prepared baking sheet. Brush an almond slice with a little beaten egg and place it on the tip of a tender finger. Repeat with almond slices for the remaining tenders.nBake the tenders until lightly golden and cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Place 1 tender in each hot dog bun and squirt ketchup blood over the fingers., ingredients: [1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons matcha powder, 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 pound chicken tenders about 12 tenders, 14 cup sliced almonds, 12 splittop hot dog buns, Ketchup], title: Green Chicken Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 35500: {instructions: Puree the garlic, paprika, coriander, cumin, 1 tablespoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper into a paste in a mini food processor. Add the olives, parsley, cilantro and lemon juice pulse to chop. Add the butter and pulse to incorporate all the ingredients.nCut the lamb along a natural seam into 2 equal pieces. Rub the olivespice mixture evenly all over the lamb cover and refrigerate for 2 to 6 hours.nBring the lamb to room temperature about 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the broiler and line a broiler pan with foil. Place the lamb smoothside down on the pan. Broil just until charred, about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven carefully turn the lamb, using tongs. Return to the oven broil until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reads 125 to 130 degrees, about 10 more minutes.nTransfer the lamb to a cutting board, cover loosely with foil and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice across the grain and arrange on a platter.nPhotography by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, crushed, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup pitted mixed green and black olives, 12 cup fresh parsley, 14 cup fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lemon, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 5 to 7pound boneless leg of lamb, butterflied and trimmed of surface fat have the butcher do this for you], title: OliveandSpiceRubbed Leg of Lamb, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 35501: {instructions: Using a meat mallet or pounder, flatten the chicken cutlets in between 2 pieces of plastic wrap.nUsing 3 separate shallow bowls, place the flour, 14 teaspoon salt, and 18 teaspoon pepper in one bowl. Next, combine the egg and milk in the second bowl, and then put the breadcrumbs into the last bowl.nCoat the chicken with the flour, then dip into the milkegg mixture and finally into the breadcrumbs, turning to coat.nIn a large skillet on high heat, add the oil then the chicken schnitzel and fry for approximately 1 minute per side, or until cooked through., ingredients: [2 chicken cutlets, boneless and skinless about 5 ounces each, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons milk, 14 cup dry panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Chicken Schnitzel, picturelink: null}, 35502: {instructions: Make a cone holder: Find a small, sturdy, clean box that will fit in your freezer. Turn it over, and cut eight Xs about 2 inches apart with a sharp knife. Open up each X with your fingers so it will securely hold an ice cream cone upright.nCook the chocolate, coconut oil and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula, until melted, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl.nPour about 1 tablespoon of melted chocolate into a sugar cone, and swirl to completely coat the inside. Pour any excess chocolate back into the bowl. Place the cone in the cone holder. Repeat with the 7 remaining cones. Freeze the cones to set the chocolate, about 10 minutes.nFill each cone to the top with ice cream, and top with an additional 13cup scoop. Return the cones to the cone holder, and freeze to harden the ice cream, about 30 minutes.nDip the cones: Put your desired topping in a small bowl. If the remaining chocolate starts to solidify, heat it in the microwave in 10second increments, stirring in between, until it is fluid again. Dip each top scoop of ice cream in the chocolate to mostly cover it, leaving a little bit exposed. Let any excess chocolate drip off, then immediately dip the top scoop in the topping. Work quickly, as the chocolate shell sets in seconds.nServe the cones immediately, or put them in the freezer until ready to serve. To freeze individually for up to 2 weeks, roll the cone up in a large triangle of wax paper and tape closed., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 14 cup coconut oil or vegetable shortening, Kosher salt, 8 small sugar cones, 2 pints of your favorite ice cream, 14 cup chopped nuts or toasted coconut or other topping], title: ChocolateDipped Ice Cream Cones, picturelink: null}, 35503: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Roll out pizza dough into a 14inchthick rectangle. Using a pastry brush, lightly oil the dough, and, using a 3inch biscuit cutter, stamp out 22 to 24 rounds.nTransfer rounds to a greased baking sheet. Then spread 1 teaspoon of the ricotta on top. Evenly distribute prosciutto onto each pizzette. Finish by topping each pizzette with a fig or 12 teaspoon of the fig jam.nBake until cheese is melted and underside is brown, about 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound storebought pizza dough, Olive oil, for brushing dough, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 4 ounces prosciutto, cut into small pieces, 6 ripe figs, quartered or 12 cup fig jam], title: Fig, Ricotta and Prosciutto Pizzette, picturelink: VXAigTBjZ1GJJliczGQLaOtMvaJs2}, 35504: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Core the tomatoes and thinly slice. Place in a colander in the sink and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt let drain for at least 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 10 minutes transfer to a papertowellined plate. Pour off and reserve the drippings, leaving 1 tablespoon in the skillet toast the bread on one side in the drippings until golden do this in batches, adding more drippings as needed. Place the bread, toastedside down, on a baking sheet.nCombine the cheeses with the mayonnaise, scallions and parsley in a bowl. Spread the cheese mixture on the toasts, reserving about 13 cup. Crumble the bacon on top. Shake any excess liquid from the tomatoes distribute the zucchini and tomatoes among the toasts. Dot with the reserved cheese mixture and season with pepper. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 ripe tomatoes, Kosher salt, 8 strips bacon, 4 slices Texas toast or other thick sandwich bread, 34 cup grated cheddar cheese, 34 cup grated partskim mozzarella cheese, 34 cup mayonnaise, 5 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 small zucchini, very thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper], title: BaconTomato Cheese Toasts, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 35505: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 by 13inch pan.nPlace the softened butter in a large bowl or the bowl of an electric mixer, and whisk until it is pale yellow and light. Add the sugar and whisk until the mixture is light and fluffy. Whisk in the cooled chocolate, then add the eggs 1 at a time, whisking after each addition. Whisk in the vanilla and liqueur, sift in the flour, cocoa, and salt and fold them in until combined. Transfer the batter to the prepared baking pan, smoothing it out evenly, and bake in the center of the oven until the brownies have puffed slightly around the edges and are shiny on the surface, about 30 minutes. They will be very moist in the center. Allow the brownies to cool 4 to 6 hours, but overnight is best.nWhen you are ready to make the baklava, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the fillo sheets with clarified butter and stack them. Cut fillo sheets into 4 6inch squares. Brush one side of the 4 squares with some caramel sauce and sprinkle with half of the chopped pecans. Cut the brownies into 3inch squares reserve remaining brownies for another purpose and place one on each fillo square. Fold fillo sheets around the brownies like an envelope, brush them with clarified butter, and place them seamside down on a baking sheet. Bake until they are golden brown, about 4 or 5 minutes.nCarefully place them on plate with a scoop of ice cream. Cover in caramel sauce, chocolate sauce, and pecans and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing pan, 2 cups sugar, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate 85 per cent cocoa preferred, melted and cooled, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup praline liqueur, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 5 sheets fillo dough, 12 cup clarified butter, 4 scoops good quality vanilla ice cream, 1 cup caramel sauce, 1 cup chocolate sauce, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Chocolate Brownie Baklava, picturelink: null}, 35506: {instructions: Puree 1 cup each mayo and blue cheese with 12 cup buttermilk, 1 shallot, lemon zest, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, salt and pepper. Drizzle over iceberg wedges top with egg mimosa See No. 42 and crumbled bacon.nSee all 50 Simple Salads, ingredients: [], title: Wedge Salad, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 35507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the ground beef, salt, pepper, cayenne, cumin, garlic powder and onion powder. Using the back of a wooden spoon, break up the beef into small bits and cook until browned, 5 to 8 minutes.nSet aside a handful of the tortilla chips for sprinkling on top of the nachos, then layer half of the remaining chips in a large baking dish. Layer half of the beef, followed by half of the black beans and then half of the Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese. Repeat the layering process 1 more time to create 2 layers. Crush the reserved tortilla chips and sprinkle on top for some crunch.nBake until the cheese is melted, about 20 minutes. Serve with the sour cream, queso fresco, diced avocado, hot pepper sauce and pico de gallo for topping., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Two 9ounce bags round tortilla chips, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 5 cups shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend, 1 12 cups sour cream, 8 ounces crumbled queso fresco, 2 avocadoes, diced, Hot pepper sauce, for serving, Pico de gallo, for serving], title: Victory Lap Nachos, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 35508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a 10 x 3 x 1 12inch round baking dish and sprinkle the bottom and sides with 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar.nBeat the eggs and the 13 cup of granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. On low speed, mix in the flour, cream, vanilla extract, lemon zest, salt, and pear brandy. Set aside for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel, quarter, core, and slice the pears. Arrange the slices in a single layer, slightly fanned out, in the baking dish. Pour the batter over the pears and bake until the top is golden brown and the custard is firm, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature, sprinkled with confectioners sugar, and creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons pear brandy recommended: Poire William, 2 to 3 firm but ripe Bartlett pears, Confectioners sugar, Creme fraiche], title: Pear Clafouti, picturelink: bvbeODZ.hcY0JdSkOfNVVqQaiOZKhxu}, 35509: {instructions: Prepare condensed milk: Pour the milk into a medium heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the sugar and continue simmering 10 to 15 minutes or until reduced to 3 cups. Strain, Homemade condensed milk can be refrigerated up to a week.. Meanwhile, prepare the mate: Heat a teapot, rinsing it out with boiling water. Add 1 tablespoon mate for every cup of tea desired. Pour boiling water over tea leaves and let steep 5 minutes. Strain and serve with condensed milk. To drink cold, use twice as many tea leaves and pour tea over ice cubes. Serve plain or with sugar and lemon., ingredients: [6 cups nonfat milk, 5 tablespoons sugar, Mate available in specialty and health food stores, Boiling water], title: Mate with Homemade Condensed Milk, picturelink: null}, 35510: {instructions: Slice cheese into 12by12by6inch long cubes and set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix egg yolks with 1 cup water. In a separate bowl, mix the bread crumbs and Italian seasoning. Set out the pasta sheets and brush both sides with the egg wash.nPlace the cheese sticks on the edge of the pasta sheets and roll 1 complete roll and cut, allowing enough excess, about 12inch of pasta on both ends of the cheese stick. Fold the ends of the pasta like a present and brush with egg wash. Dip the entire stick into the egg wash and roll in the bread crumbs.nIn a deep fryer or pan with a couple of inches of hot vegetable oil, add the sticks and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes,. Do not overcook or the cheese will spill out. Heat up the marinara or pizza sauce and serve on the side for dipping. Sprinkle Parmesan over the sauce and sticks., ingredients: [3 pounds partskim mozzarella block, 3 egg yolks, 5 cups bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 10 sheets fresh egg pasta 7by10 inches per sheet, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup favorite marinara or pizza sauce, 3 tablespoons Parmesan], title: PastaRella Highlander Style, picturelink: null}, 35511: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the lower 13 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the ribs with salt and pepper. In a large heavybottomed Dutch oven or ovenproof stock pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. In batches, add the ribs and brown on all sides, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the ribs and set aside. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, wine and mustard. Bring the mixture to a boil and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Return the ribs to the pan. Add the beef broth, cover the pan and place in the oven for 2 12 hours until the meat is forktender and falls easily from the bone.nRemove the ribs from the cooking liquid. Using a large spoon, remove any excess fat from the surface of the cooking liquid. Using a ladle, transfer the cooking liquid in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the mixture is smooth. Pour the sauce into a saucepan and keep warm over low heat. Remove the meat from the bones. Discard the bones. Using 2 forks, shred the meat into small pieces. Stir the shredded meat into the sauce. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the pasta and place in a large serving bowl. Using a slotted spoon, remove the meat from the sauce and add to the pasta. Pour 1 cup of the sauce over the pasta. Toss well and thin out the pasta with more sauce, if needed. Sprinkle the pasta with Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [4 pounds beef short ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 5 Roma tomatoes, cut into eighths, 1 cup red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 pound penne pasta, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Penne with Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 35512: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Cut 2 nectarines into wedges and toss with olive oil and a big pinch each of cumin, cinnamon, cayenne and salt. Grill until marked, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Chop and toss with 3 cups cooked rice, the juice of 12 lemon, a splash of olive oil, a pinch each of cumin and cinnamon, and 14 cup each sliced almonds and chopped dill.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spiced Rice With Nectarines, picturelink: lbRQ.EH4BTrhVAE9.o6vtFa1deDjz6}, 35513: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and both sugars in another medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 30 seconds. Add the egg yolks, vanilla and orange zest mixing until fully incorporated. Slowly add the flour mixture, and continue beating until the dough comes together, stopping and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nFor rolled cookies: Roll about a tablespoon of dough by hand into a ball. Dip 1 side of the balls into some coarse sugar and place them sugarsideup on an ungreased baking sheet, leaving about 1inch between cookies.nFor sliced cookies: Divide dough in half, roll by hand into 2inchwide logs, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nCut the logs into 14inchthick cookies and place them on ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1inch between cookies.nFor cutout cookies: Divide dough in half, pat into disks, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nRoll dough between lightly floured parchment, or waxed paper, until about 13inch thick. Transfer sheets to a baking sheet and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Cut into desired shape using a cookie cutter, place them on ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1inch between cookies. Gather the dough scraps together, pat into a disk, chill and reroll.nRefrigerate cookies while preheating the oven to 375 degrees F, for at least 30 minutes.nBake the cookies, until the bottoms are golden, about 10 to 15 minutes depending on shape. Cool on sheets until firm enough to transfer to a rack to cool. Decorate as desired and serve, or store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 month.nCombine all the ingredients, except the food coloring, in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix slowly until stiff enough to form peaks. The icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is overbeaten, it will get aerated which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit to settle, then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the frosting.nAlternatively, combine ingredients in a large bowl, and beat with hand beaters on low speed until the frosting thickens to stiff peaks.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Adding too much color reduces the sheen of the frosting and can break down the consistency of the frosting over a couple of days. Store icing, covered, with plastic film on the surface of the icing.nYield: 1 pound royal icing 1 23 cup, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Coarse sugar, aka sanding or crystallized sugar, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 5 tablespoons meringue powder egg white powder, 6 tablespoons water, 1 pound confectioners sugar about 3 34 to 4 cups or 1 box, Food coloring, as desired], title: 3in1 Sugar Cookies, picturelink: JoANMuX9ipdw0LaPbc09V0yXAvujEa}, 35514: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice. Add the tequila, liqueur, lime juice, Simple Syrup and egg whites. Shake for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 ounces gold tequila, 12 ounce orangeflavored liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Golden Margarita, picturelink: null}, 35515: {instructions: In a hot stockpot coated with oil, brown ginger, black beans, chiles, garlic and onions for about 3 minutes. Add carrots, celery and fennel. Season. Deglaze with wines and add the potatoes and chick peas. Add the bay, thyme and soy sauce and check for seasoning. Add vegetable stock to cover and bring to a slow boil. Simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours until potatoes are fully cooked. For the last 10 minutes of cooking, add the bok choy and check again for flavor. In a large bowl, fill it with the vegetables and sauce. Garnish.nPlace veggies in a food processor and puree. Reheat puree in a saucepan. Mix creme fraiche and eggplant puree together. Ladle soup into a bowl and garnish with a dollop of creme fraiche mixed with eggplant puree.nYield: depends on leftovers, ingredients: [Canola oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, 1 tablespoon minced Thai bird chiles, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, chopped, 2 diced red onions, 2 large carrots, 2inch pieces, 2 stalks cut celery, 2inch pieces, 2 heads fennel, cored and thickly sliced, 1 cup shaoxing wine, 1 bottle red wine, 3 large sweet potatoes, peeled, quartered, 3 large yukon gold potatoes, peeled, quartered, 2 cups chick peas, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 4 cups vegetable stock, to cover, 4 baby bok choy, split, Salt and black pepper, to taste, Sliced scallions, for garnish, Leftover veggies au vin, from above, 14 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup leftover eggplant puree, from another recipe from this show], title: Braised Winter Vegetables au Vin MeatFree Version of Coq au Vin, picturelink: null}, 35516: {instructions: Quarter the apples and plums, but leave their skins on core the apples and remove the plum pits. Place the fruit in a 6to10cup rice cooker. Add the apple juice, sugar, cinnamon sticks and butter. Cover and cook on the porridge cycle, or program for 50 minutes.nDiscard the cinnamon sticks. Stir and mash the fruit with a potato masher to make a chunky sauce. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Kana Okado, ingredients: [5 large McIntosh apples about 2 pounds, 5 red plums about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup sugar, 1 or 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Plum Applesauce, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 35517: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix oil, salt, sugar, cayenne pepper and lime juice in large bowl. Add to potatoes and toss to coat. Arrange potatoes in single layer on baking sheets. Bake until potatoes begin to brown on bottom, about 15 minutes. Turn potatoes over and bake until crisp and brown, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with additional salt if necessary., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Juice of 12 lime, 3 large purple potatoes, very thinly sliced], title: Ovenbaked Purple Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 35518: {instructions: Steam the lobster and remove the tail and claw meat. Slice the cucumber on a mandoline in order to get large strip thin strips. Reserve everything on the side. Slice the ginger into very thin slices and cook them in a little bit of water and sugar addomg the olive oil when cooked through. When the olive oil has reached room temperature, add the lemon juice and season the dressing with salt and pepper. Add the lobster and heat just to warm through. Mix the greens with the dressing. Slice the avocado in slivers and place on top of the greens and cucumber. Place lobster on top and sprinkle with the dressing., ingredients: [1 cull lobster, 1 to 1 14 pounds, 1 seedless cucumber, 1 piece ginger, 1 ounce sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper, 14 pound of mesclun salad, 1 avocado], title: Lobster Salad with Confit Ginger, Cucumber and Young Greens, picturelink: null}, 35519: {instructions: 1.To prepare the ragu, place the tomatoes in a food processor and pulse until chunky. Set aside.n2.In a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Add the carrots and onion and cook until the onion is translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute, until fragrant. Add the ground beef, sausage, and pepperoni and season with the salt. Cook for about 10 minutes, or until the meat is browned all over, using a wooden spoon to break up the meat as it cooks. Add the tomato paste and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until fragrant.n3.Dust the flour over the mixture and stir well to combine. Stir in the reserved tomatoes, basil, marjoram, oregano, black pepper, and chili flakes. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Using a large spoon, skim off any oil that accumulates on the surface. The ragu can be prepared 2 to 3 days ahead of time store it in a covered container in the refrigerator until ready to use.n4.To prepare the lasagna, in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat, bring 2 gallons of water to a boil. Add 2 tablespoons of the salt. Add the lasagna noodles and stir gently to separate. Cook the lasagna noodles until al dente, 8 to 9 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare a large bowl of ice water. When the noodles are done, drain them, then plunge them immediately into the ice water for 30 seconds to stop the cooking process. Drain and spread the noodles on a rack.n5.In a large bowl, combine the ricotta, half of the Parmesan, the egg, nutmeg, and pepper. Mix well to combine and set aside.n6.In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Add the garlic, spinach, and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Saute the spinach until tender and wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and pour off any liquid. Transfer the spinach to a clean kitchen towel and twist it into a ball to squeeze out any excess moisture. Set aside.n7.Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Have ready a heavy 10 x 14 x 3inch lasagna pan.n8.To assemble the lasagna, ladle 1 cup of the ragu into the bottom and around the sides of the pan. Arrange several lasagna noodles on top of the sauce, slightly overlapping them to create an even layer that completely covers the ragu. Spread 2 cups of the ragu over the lasagna noodles, followed by onethird of the ricotta mixture, onequarter of the mozzarella, and onethird of the spinach.n9.Arrange more noodles on top, overlapping to cover the spinach. Spread 2 cups ragu over the noodles, followed by half of the remaining ricotta, onethird of the mozzarella, and half of the spinach. Arrange more noodles on top. Spread 2 cups ragu over them, followed by the remaining ricotta, half of the remaining mozzarella, and the remaining spinach. Arrange more noodles on top. Spread the remaining ragu on top and sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella and Parmesan and the basil, marjoram and oregano.n10. Cover the pan with heavygrade plastic food wrap or parchment paper, then wrap the whole pan tightly with aluminum foil. Place the pan on a baking sheet to catch any drips in the center of the oven. Bake for 1 hour. Remove the foil and plastic food wrap and bake for 20 minutes longer, until well browned around the edges and bubbling. Finish under the broiler if necessary. Cool for 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Two 28ounce cans whole fireroasted tomatoes, with their juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 carrots, finely diced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 10 ounces ground beef 80 percent lean, 10 ounces bulk sweet Italian pork sausage, 6 ounces pepperoni, coarsely ground in a food processor, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon julienned basil, 1 tablespoon chopped marjoram, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano, 8 to 10 turns freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 pounds goodquality lasagna noodles, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound wholemilk ricotta cheese, 12 pound Parmesan cheese, grated about 2 12 cups, 1 large egg, beaten, 5 or 6 gratings of nutmeg, 5 or 6 turns freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 12 pounds baby spinach leaves, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, grated about 4 cups, 14 cup julienned basil, 1 tablespoon chopped marjoram, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano], title: FireRoasted Fieri Lasagna, picturelink: QGv.hD2AnAF5NTAq8CXmskMB8NAbZUi}, 35520: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMix together the beans, BBQ sauce, sugar, bacon and green onions in a baking dish. Cover with foil and bake for about 45 minutes. Enjoy, ingredients: [Three 1pound cans baked beans, 12 cup BBQ sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 6 strips of bacon, chopped and cooked, 3 green onions, finely chopped], title: Woodys BarBQue Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 35521: {instructions: Slice the bananas on a diagonal onto each plate. Drizzle with honey and sprinkle the pistachios over the top., ingredients: [4 bananas, 12 cup honey, 12 cup chopped pistachios], title: Sliced Banana Drizzled with Honey and Chopped Pistachios, picturelink: null}, 35522: {instructions: Roughly chop nearly all of the cilantro and parsley, reserving a little of each for garnish. Place the cilantro, parsley, garlic, tomatoes, onions, peppers, salt, pepper, and most of the spring onions reserve some for garnish into a large heavy bowl. With a pestle, mash together all ingredients, gradually squeezing in the lime juice.nScore the sea bass diagonally 3 times on each side. Stuff some of the vegetableherb mixture into the slits and the inside of each fish and close back together. Cover the lobster halves with the vegetableherb mixture, reserving about half of the vegetableherb mixture for later.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Arrange the sea bass and lobster, flesh side down in the hot pan. Cook for 2 minutes, and then pour over the coconut milk and bring to a simmer. After another 2 minutes, turn over the fish and lobster. Add the remainder of the vegetableherb mixture, and cook for another 10 minutes, or until the fish and lobster are tender and the vegetables are cooked through.nTransfer to a large serving dish and sprinkle with remaining cilantro, parsley, and spring onions. Ladle dende oil, if using, in a slow circular motion over the top., ingredients: [2 bunches fresh cilantro leaves, 2 bunches fresh parsley leaves, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 10 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 6 onions, chopped, 4 green peppers, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 bunches spring onions, finely sliced, 6 limes, halved, 2 large whole sea bass, cleaned, 2 large lobsters, halved, 5 tablespoons light olive oil, 1 pint coconut milk, 12 ladle dende oil, optional about 4 tablespoons], title: Lobster and Sea Bass Moqueca Stew, picturelink: null}, 35523: {instructions: Cover the veal with cold water to blanch. Drain and rinse the veal.nBoil about 2 cups of water in a saucepan and then add the pearl onions briefly to scald them. Drain and slip skins from the pearl onions and set aside.nIn a large saucepot, combine the veal with the stock and simmer covered over mediumlow heat until the veal is tender, about 1 12 hours. After the veal has been simmering about 30 minutes, add the sachet depices. Then uncover the pot to allow the stock to reduce to intensify the flavor.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a small pot and gradually add the flour to make a white roux. Do not allow the roux to brown. Remove and discard the sachet from the stew. Add the roux to the stew pot and simmer until thickened.nIn another pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and gently cook the pearl onions and mushrooms until they are tender. To this pan, add the lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nThe heat under the blanquette stew must be such that the stew is just below a boil. In a small pot, whisk together the egg yolks and cream known as a liaison and temper by heating gently and gradually. You are only heating it. Do not boil. Do not cook. Add the liaison to the blanquette. Add the reserved pearl onions and mushrooms. Adjust salt and pepper, to taste, if needed., ingredients: [4 pounds veal breast, boned, cut in large dice, 20 pearl onions, 2 quarts beef stock, 1 sachet depices 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves and 1 bay leaf in a cheesecloth bag, 6 tablespoons butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 6 ounces about 2 cups white button mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Blanquette of Veal, picturelink: null}, 35524: {instructions: 1. For the roast: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the carrots, celery, and onion in the bottom of a roasting pan. Nadine uses the vegetables instead of a rack. Add enough water to just cover the vegetables.n2. Cut four Xs in the sides or top of the meat and push in the garlic pieces. Rub the entire roast with olive oil and then dredge it in steak seasoning.n3. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and sear all sides of the meat. Set the meat on top of the vegetables, cover the pan with foil, and roast until a meat thermometer inserted in the meat registers 130 degrees F for mediumrare, about 2 hours. Transfer the roast to a cutting board and let it rest for 30 minutes.n4. To make the gravy : Strain the roastingpan juices discard the vegetables. Melt the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the flour. Stir in the roasting pan juices and the demiglace, and simmer until thickened.n5. Slice the roast beef very thin. Put the slices in the gravy. Nadine likes to smother the beef in the gravy. Plate up the sandwiches with the meat between two slices of white bread and ladle more of the gravy on top. Serve with mashed red potatoes., ingredients: [5 carrots, cut into large chunks, Ribs from 1 bunch of celery, leaves removed, 1 onion, peeled, ends trimmed, halved root to stem, 6 pounds beef top round, trimmed, 2 garlic cloves, halved, 23 cup olive oil, 12 cup steak seasoning mix such as McCormicks Montreal Steak Seasoning, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon veal demiglace found in your local grocery store, 20 slices white bread, for serving, Mashed red potatoes, for serving], title: Homestyle Roast Beef Sandwich with Gravy, picturelink: null}, 35525: {instructions: In a large stockpot, melt butter over medium heat and saute onions until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes, 1 teaspoon of salt, and saffron. Saute for 1 minute. Increase heat to high and add Corn Broth. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 15 minutes. Add scampi, corn kernels, and tomatoes. Cover and cook for another 5 minutes. Season with 1 tablespoon of salt. Garnish with basil and 2 Garlic Croutons.nCut the kernels off 2 of the corn cobs and reserve for later. Grate the kernels off the remaining cobs, making sure to keep all the corn milk. Cut all 8 cobs into smaller pieces, about 2 inches long. Place corn milk, cobs, salt and water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Strain broth and reserve.nToast the slices of French bread and rub each piece with the garlic cloves. Butter the toast and set aside., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 2 large Vidalia onions, halved and thinly sliced, 16 new potatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon saffron, Corn Broth, recipe follows, 2 pounds raw scampi, peeled, tail on, deveined, butterflied, 1 cup corn kernels, reserved from Corn Broth, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup basil, torn into large pieces, for garnish, 12 Garlic Croutons, recipe follows, 8 ears corn, 6 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 slices French baguette, cut on the bias, 2 garlic cloves, 14 cup softened butter], title: Scampi Bowl, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 35526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the broccoli rabe into 3 to 4 inch pieces, discarding the stems. In a large pot of rapidly boiling water, blanch the broccoli rabe until tender and cooked through, about 5 to 6 minutes. Before you drain broccoli rabe, reserve 1 cup of cooking liquid. Drain and rinse the broccoli rabe with cold water until it has cooled off. Spread it out on a towel to finish draining.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling water according to package directions until al dente.nWhile the pasta is cooking, place 2 tablespoons of water into a cold skillet with garlic and sausage and then turn heat to mediumlow. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden and sausage is cooked through, about 5 to 7 minutes. Pour reserved broccoli water into pan with sausage.nWhen the pasta is cooked, drain it and place back in pot you cooked it in and season with salt. Pour sausage sauce over pasta and stir in cooked broccoli rabe. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately.nIf the Queens coming to dinner: Garnish with fresh bread crumbs andor freshly grated pecorino Romano or parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli rabe, trimmed of damaged leaves, 1 pound orecchiette or other pasta noodle, 2 tablespoons water, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 pound Italian sausage, cut into quarterinch slices, Salt, 1 cup coarse, seasoned bread crumbs, toasted, optional garnish, Pecorino Romano or Parmesan, optional garnish], title: Pasta with Sausage and Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: eX7F9lopwjQppXh9sPhyGYkkHZlxS4K}, 35527: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large skillet, saute sausage over medium heat until browned, about 6 minutes. Drain 14 cup of oil from cooked sausage. Set sausage aside to cool. Stir salsa and cheese into sausage in skillet. Place 1 tortilla on a clean work surface. Spoon 14 cup of the sausage mixture down the center of tortilla. Fold tortilla in half, then roll up. Secure with toothpicks. Place on a foilcovered cookie sheet. Repeat 5 times. Bake until filling is hot and tortilla is crisp and golden brown, about 18 minutes. Cut taquitos in half crosswise. Serve hot with guacamole and sour cream., ingredients: [1 16ounce, bulk package beef chorizo sausage, casing removed, 1 cup medium chunky salsa, drained, 1 cup shredded mild cheddar cheese, 6 fajitasize flour tortillas, 1 cup prepared guacamole refrigerated section, 14 cup sour cream], title: Chorizo Taquitos, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 35528: {instructions: Combine the apricots, plums, kiwi and cherries in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the mascarpone, honey, vanilla and vanilla seeds. Add the heavy cream and stir until combined.nPour the mascarpone mixture over the fruit, and serve., ingredients: [2 apricots, pitted and sliced, 2 plums, pitted and sliced, 1 kiwi, peeled and sliced, 1 cup cherries, pitted and sliced, 1 cup mascarpone, 2 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Fresh Fruit with Honey Vanilla Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 35529: {instructions: Marinade: Add the lemon grass, fish sauce, sugar, garlic, lemon zest and ginger to a food processor and pulse until blended. Add the chicken to a medium bowl and rub it with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nGrill the chicken until cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Then slice.nJulienne the cucumber and carrot and pick or tear the shiso, mint and basil and add them to a small bowl along with the cilantro leaves.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the vermicelli noodles and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and put them into ice bath to cool.nPeanut Sauce:nAdd all of the sauce ingredients to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour it into a small bowl and set aside.nSoak 1 rice wrapper in a bowl of water, pull out when pliable, and put it on a flat surface. Add some cooled vermicelli noodles, some cucumber mixture and some chicken. Roll up and repeat with remaining ingredients. Arrange the rolls on a serving platter and serve with spicy peanut sauce., ingredients: [4 stalks lemon grass, chopped, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 bunch Thai basil leaves, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, 1 package vermicelli noodles, 2 tablespoons ginger  fresh and grated, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon hot chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 4 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 4 chicken breasts skinless and boneless and butterflied, 1 cucumber, 1 carrot, 1 bunch shiso leaves, 1 bunch mint leaves, 1 lime, juiced, 2 to 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 to 23 cup smooth peanut butter  recommended: CB Seattle, 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 4 to 6 tablespoons hot water, 1 package rice paper wrappers], title: 9 Time ProRoller  Chicken Spring Rolls, picturelink: k6ww9nX4dDcUK1m.o1UMAUAnKgoB6u}, 35530: {instructions: Put the rice in a medium saucepan with a cover. Stir in the water or broth, salt, and pepper. Smooth the rice to make an even surface, cover and heat over low to mediumlow heat until all the liquid has been absorbed and rice is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [2 cups longgrain rice, 3 cups water or chicken broth, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Rice, picturelink: null}, 35531: {instructions: Whisk the mayonnaise, oil, honey and vinegar in a small bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nToss the carrots, cranberries, pecans and celery seeds in a medium bowl. Add the mayonnaiseoil mixture and toss until well combined. Cover the bowl and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups shredded carrots about 8 medium, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup toasted pecans, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon celery seed], title: Carrot Cranberry Salad, picturelink: NJi7UTrl2fovck5vvUskBdlRVJZFxAO}, 35532: {instructions: Put the chicken breasts in a large, deep saute pan with onion, garlic, bay leaves, and salt. Pour just enough water to cover the chicken into the pan, bring to a boil, and boil until chicken is fully cooked through.nTo serve, slice each chicken breast into 3 or 4 pieces. Ladle some of the Cranberry, Walnut, and Pipian Sauce onto each serving plate and top with the sliced chicken breast. Garnish with fresh herbs, if desired.nPreheat the oven to 165 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet, mix together all ingredients except the sesame seeds, Mexican chocolate, and salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for 2 hours. The sesame seeds should be roasted separately.nPut all roasted ingredients, plus the sesame seeds, into a blender. Blend until smooth and then strain. Transfer the sauce to a medium saucepan and boil for 1 hour.nAdd the chocolate tablets, season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and continue boiling for an additional 30 minutes. This sauce also goes very well with fish., ingredients: [6 to 8 boneless chicken breasts, 2 onions, sliced, 5 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 bay leaves, Salt, Cranberry, Walnut, and Pipian Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces olive oil, 10 garlic cloves, 5 shallots, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large tomato, chopped, 8 ounces cranberries, 7 ounces chopped walnuts, 4 dried ancho chiles, 4 dried pasilla chiles, 6 ounces pumpkin seeds, 5 dried chiles de arbol, 6 ounces sesame seeds, roasted, 1 12 Mexican chocolate tablets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Boneless Chicken Breast in Cranberry, Walnut, and Pipian Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35533: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a sealable plastic bag. Poke holes in chicken so that the marinade can really sink in. Let it marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Grill over medium heat until juices run clear and chicken is cooked through., ingredients: [1 pound boneless chicken breasts, 12 quart teriyaki sauce, Pineapple juice, to taste], title: Pineapple Teriyaki Marinated Chicken, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 35534: {instructions: Place potatoes in a large pot of salted cold water. Bring to a boil and cook until just cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes, but varies based on size of potatoes. Drain, let cool slightly, and cut into 12inch dice. Combine the potatoes and lobster in a large bowl.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish, vinegar, and garlic in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add the mayonnaise mixture to the potatolobster mixture and stir gently until combined. Fold in the scallions and tarragon and reseason with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 16 lobster claws, steamed and meat coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups goodquality prepared mayonnaise, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 scallions, thinly sliced, white and green part, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves], title: Lobster Claw and Potato Salad with HorseradishMustard Dressing, picturelink: null}, 35535: {instructions: Beat the eggs well in a large bowl. In a heavy saute pan, about 8 inches in diameter, melt 2 teaspoons of butter over extremely low heat. Add the beaten eggs, and cook over the lowest possible heat for 45 minutes. Stir occasionally to prevent a skin from forming on the surface. The eggs will thicken very slowly. When they begin to thicken, stir gently with a large spoon to create large flaps in the scrambled eggs. The eggs will be darker in color and thicker than normal scrambled eggs.nSpread 1 teaspoon of butter on each of the bread halves. For each smorrebrod, at 2 corners that face each other diagonally, place 2 slices of cucumber. At the other 2 corners, place about 14 teaspoon of salmon roe. Cover the rest of the bread with about 112 of the egg mixture. Repeat until all smorrebrod are done. Garnish with sprigs of fresh dill., ingredients: [12 extralarge eggs, 12 stick plus 2 teaspoons lightly salted butter, 6 slices dark bread, cut in half, 24 thin slices cucumber, 3 ounces salmon roe or other fish roe, Fresh dill sprigs for garnish], title: Scrambled Egg with Salmon Roe Smorrebrod, picturelink: null}, 35536: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 9inch cake pansnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees.nButter and flour 2 9inch cake pans. Cut 2 circles of parchment paper or waxed paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter and shortening together. Add the sugar and mix until light and fluffy. One by one, add the eggs, mixing after each addition. With the mixer running at low speed, add the vanilla, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt and mix. With the mixer still running at low speed, add about 13 of the cake flour, then about 13 of the milk, and mix. Repeat with the remaining cake flour and milk and mix. Pour into the prepared pans and bake until dry and springy to the touch and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely, to room temperature. Using a long serrated knife, cut the cake layers in half horizontally. Reserving 3 halves for the cake, put the remaining half in a food processor, breaking it up with your hands. Pulse into fine crumbs.nTo finish the cake, place a cake layer on a cake plate or serving platter reserving the most even layer for the top and spread with cooled custard. Top with another layer of cake, then custard, then the final layer of cake. Cover the top and sides of the cake with the remaining custard. Coat the cake with the cake crumbs. Chill until ready to serve, at least 2 hours. Serve the same day.nPour 2 12 cups of the water, the sugar, corn syrup and cocoa powder into a large nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, whisking occasionally. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk the remaining 12 cup of water and the cornstarch. Whisk into the cocoa mixture in the saucepan and return the mixture to a boil, whisking constantly. Cook, whisking constantly, until very thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and vanilla. Pour into a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill until firm, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, softened at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 2 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups cake flour, 1 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, Custard, recipe follows, 3 cups water, 2 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 12 cups unsweetened cocoa powder, Scant 23 cup cornstarch, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Brooklyn Blackout Cake, picturelink: null}, 35537: {instructions: In a food processor, puree fish with the egg and cream. Check for seasoning. In a chilled stainless steel bowl, fold in crab and chervil into the mousse. Place in a pastry bag and stuff each mushroom. Dip each mushroom in tempura batter recipe to follow and in a 375 degree fryer, fry until golden brown.nIn a bowl, whisk in soda into the flour until a pancake batter consistency is achieved.nSaute shallots until soft. Add chicken stock and bring to boil. Check for seasoning. Add edamames to stock. Simmer for 30 minutes until very soft. Puree in food processor with truffle oil and butter. Fold in truffles and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 ounces chilean sea bass or other fatty white fish, 1 egg, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and black pepper to taste, 12 pound crab leg meat, picked over, 14 cup chopped chervil, Canola oil, 12 large shiitakes, cleaned a combination of shiitakes and morels are also nice, 2 cups rice flour, Soda water, 12 cup sliced shallots, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup fresh edamames, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons chopped black truffles, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Shiitake Tempura with Truffled Edamame Puree and Shallot Broth, picturelink: null}, 35538: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13 by 1inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Set aside.nFor the vegetables: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the mushrooms, onions, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are soft and any liquid from the mushrooms has evaporated, about 20 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a heavybottomed 5quart saucepan, bring the cream, milk and flour to a simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly for 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Add the Pecorino and the mozzarella. Whisk until the cheeses have melted and the sauce is smooth. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the spinach, basil, garlic, salt and pepper.nAdd the mushroom mixture to the sauce and stir to combine. Set aside to cool slightly.nCut the Fresh Pasta dough in quarters and press flat. Run each piece of pasta dough several times through a pastarolling machine adjusting the setting each time until the pasta is about 116inch thick. Cut the pasta into six 12 by 4inch rectangles reserve any pasta trimmings for another use. The pasta dough can also be rolled out by hand. Cut the chilled dough into quarters and using a rolling pin, roll out the dough until 18 to 116inch thick.nSpread 1 cup of the sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange 2 sheets of pasta on top in a single layer. Spread 2 cups of the sauce over the pasta sheets. Repeat the layers with the remaining pasta sheets and sauce, ending with the sauce. Sprinkle with mozzarella. Drizzle with olive oil and bake until the filling is bubbling and the top is golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 20 minutes. Cut into squares and serve.nPlace the cake flour, allpurpose flour, egg yolks and salt in a food processor. Pulse to combine. With the machine running, gradually add the oil then 13 to 12 cup water until the mixture forms a dough the dough should stick together if pinched between your fingers. If necessary, add additional water, 1 teaspoon at a time if the dough is too dry.nPlace the dough on a lightly floured surface. Gather the dough into a ball and knead until the dough is smooth, 5 to 8 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, for greasing the baking dish, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces cremini mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, at room temperature, 1 34 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups grated Pecorino Romano, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, Two 5ounce bags baby spinach, coarsely chopped, 14 packed cup chopped fresh basil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 recipe Fresh Pasta, recipe follows, or nine 8 by 5inch fresh lasagna noodles, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 cups cake flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Creamy Spinach and Mushroom Lasagna, picturelink: h305rOfyicIGp3TFVo7DVi9w7MFvfT6}, 35539: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Brush pork with olive oil and season with rosemary salt and freshly ground black pepper. Lay fresh whole rosemary sprigs on top of roast and fasten with butchers twine. Pour a few tablespoons of olive oil into a large skillet or roasting pan over high heat until almost smoking. Sear pork roast on all sides including ends until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add more oil to pan if necessary along with onions, carrots, celery and garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until vegetables begin to soften. Add the white wine and transfer pan to oven. Cook for about one hour or until the thickest part of meat reaches 150 degrees F. If bone tips begin to burn, cover them with foil. Once the roast is cooked, remove from pan to cutting board. Reserve roasting pan with vegetables and juices. Cover pork on cutting board with foil and allow to rest for about 20 minutes before carving.nRemove butchers twine from roast and carve between chops. Serve sliced pork drizzled with sauce and Chestnut Honey Glazed Peaches.nHeat the butter in a large skillet over high heat until melted and bubbling. Add the peaches to cook until lightly browned on all sides, about 4 minutes. Lower the heat, pour in the honey and stir until dissolved, followed by the vinegar. Stir while cooking. Add rosemary sprig and finish cooking until peaches are well glazed, about 5 minutes.nTo assemble: Return roasting pan with vegetables back to stove and heat over medium heat. Add remaining the white wine and scrape reserved fat from bottom and sides of pan to incorporate into juices. Add chicken stock and increase heat to a simmer, until liquid reduces by half. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove pan from stove and strain liquid from vegetables, squeezing out excess juice from vegetables using the back of a wooden spoon. Discard solids. Skim fat from liquid and reserve sauce., ingredients: [1 centercut bonein rib roast, about 5 pounds, welltrimmed and chine bone removed 3 12 to 4 pounds, trimmed, EVOO, 1 Tablespoon sea salt combined with 12 tsp minced rosemary fresh or dried, 1 Tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 small sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped 1 14 cups, 2 small carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped 34 cup, 2 small ribs celery, trimmed and coarsely chopped 34 cup, 1 head garlic, outer layer skin removed, cut in half horizontally, bulb still intact, 2 cups dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, Chestnut Honey Glazed Peaches, recipe follows, 2 Tablespoons butter, 6 firm, ripe, unpeeled peaches, pitted and cut into eights, 13 cup chestnut honey or any honey, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 2 cups dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 2 cups homemade chicken stock or canned lowsodium stock, 1 Tablespoon coarse sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Arrosto di Maiale con Pesche Roasted Pork with Glazed Peaches, picturelink: null}, 35540: {instructions: Whisk the lemon juice and mustard in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil until smooth. Add the tomatoes and sliced fennel and toss. Season with salt and pepper set aside.nPreheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with olive oil. Season the salmon on both sides with the ground fennel, salt and pepper. Brush the polenta rounds with olive oil. Grill the salmon and polenta until well marked and the salmon is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Meanwhile, grill the lemon halves cutside down until marked, about 3 minutes.nAdd the fennel fronds and basil to the fennel salad toss. Serve the salmon with the polenta, fennel salad and grilled lemons.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 lemons 1 juiced, 2 halved, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and very thinly sliced, plus 14 cup chopped fronds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce skinless centercut salmon fillets preferably wild, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seeds, 1 14ounce tube prepared polenta, sliced into 8 rounds, 1 cup torn fresh basil], title: Grilled Salmon and Polenta with Fennel Salad, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 35541: {instructions: Preheat grill to high. Slice onions thickly, about 1 to 1 12inch thick. Place on grill for about 4 to 6 minutes., ingredients: [3 whole onions large], title: Grilled Onions, picturelink: null}, 35542: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 10inch castiron pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken tenders with paprika, sage, oregano, salt and pepper. Heat a 10inch castiron pan over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the seasoned chicken and saute until cooked through, about 4 minutes on the first side and 3 minutes on the second side. Remove the chicken to a plate with tongs, leaving the oil in the pan. Rest the chicken for a few minutes, and then chop into 12inch cubes.nTo the same pan, add the onions and peas and carrots and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir and cook until the onions become tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute longer. Sprinkle in the flour and stir until the flour dissolves into the vegetables and juices. Add the chicken stock and raise to a simmer, stirring until thickened. Once the liquid has thickened, stir in the heavy cream. Season with salt, if needed.nReturn the chicken to the pan. Unfold the pie crust and place over the top of the filling, tucking the excess edges inside the pan. Brush the crust evenly with the egg wash. Using a knife, gently cut 3 vents in the top of the crust. Place in the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken tenders about 10 tenders, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, 1 cup frozen peas and diced carrots, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 store bought pie crust, unbaked and thawed if frozen, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Easy Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: lLpEUOvw7EsuwYJzD4Ba.LFqc6FdGiW}, 35543: {instructions: Special equipment: Cheese clothnIn a large bowl combine well the cream cheese, ricotta, salt, sugar, lemon peel and vanilla. Fold in the heavy cream which has been beaten until soft peaks have formed.nWet cheese cloth and squeeze out excess moisture. Line mold or molds with a double thickness of cheese cloth, cut large enough to fold back over filled mold. Spoon cheese mixture into mold and fold the cheese cloth over the top. Place mold on a rack over a pan. Let it drain overnight in the refrigerator. To serve, unwrap, invert and unmold onto a plate and spoon Apricot Sauce over the top.nIn a saucepan cover the apricots with hot water and add the vanilla bean. Let stand for 30 minutes. Add the sugar and simmer the apricots for 40 minutes, stirring frequently, or until soft. Drain the fruits, discarding the vanilla bean and reserving the liquid, and transfer them to a serving dish. Add the cherries and angelica. Reduce cooking liquid until it is syrupy and stir in the galiano. Pour syrup while still hot over fruit. Stir in lemon juice. Add water to thin sauce to desired consistency. Let cool. Chill, covered until ready to serve.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 8 ounces fresh ricotta, Pinch of salt, 1 cup wellchilled heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, Dried apricot and raisin sauce with Galiano as an accompaniment recipe follows, 1 large or 8 small coeur a la creme molds, 1 pound dried apricots, 12 cup finely diced glaceed cherries, 12 cup finely diced angelica, or citron, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 cup sugar, or to taste, 14 cup Galiano, 14 cup lemon juice], title: Coeur a la Creme, picturelink: null}, 35544: {instructions: Combine the watercress, grapefruit supremes and juice, orange supremes and juice, olive oil and some salt and pepper in a large bowl. Gently toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 bunches watercress or upland cress, leaves and attached tender stems only, 1 grapefruit, supremed, plus 4 teaspoons grapefruit juice, 1 orange, supremed, plus 4 teaspoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.], title: Watercress and Citrus Salad, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 35545: {instructions: Trim the tops and bottoms from the fennel bulbs, reserving a handful of the fronds. Quarter the bulbs. Set each quarter on its side and slice off most of the core. Cut the quarters into wedges about 1inch thick dont worry if some pieces fall off the wedgeuse those too.nIn a large skillet with a tightfitting lid, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add the fennel and cook, without stirring, until golden brown on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Stir and let some more pieces brown for a minute or two.nStir in 12 cup water, scraping the bottom of the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Lower the heat to medium and cover the pan. Simmer, shaking the pan and adding more liquid occasionally if the pan is dry, until the fennel is very tender, 12 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, chop the reserved fennel fronds and mix them with the lemon zest.nWhen the fennel is tender, stir in the lemon juice and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the olives, remove from the heat and let stand for about 1 minute to warm the olives. Transfer the fennel to a platter. Sprinkle the fennel frond mixture over the top, drizzle with additional olive oil and serve., ingredients: [3 bulbs fennel, at least 1 with fronds about 3 pounds, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, finely zested and juiced, 12 cup pitted black olives, such as kalamata, halved], title: Fennel Braised with Olive Oil and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 35546: {instructions: Pour a little clarified butter into a heatproof casserole over moderate heat. Add the onions into the hot butter and fry until opaque. Add the rice. Wrap the 6 mussels in aluminum foil and place on top of the rice. Cover and let cook for 60 seconds. Pour the white wine over the rice and stir. The mussels will be opening up after 2 minutes. Remove the foil wrapped mussels and set aside. To the rice, add the chicken, ham and the shrimps. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the casserole in a preheated 450 degree oven for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and moisten with 18 cup dry white wine and decorate with mussels. Sprinkle with lemon juice and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [Clarified butter, 1 small onion, finely diced, 12 cup rice, washed, 1 12 cups dry white wine, plus 18 cup, 3 ounces cooked chicken breast, cubed, 3 ounces cooked ham, diced, 12 large shrimp, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped], title: Mini Paella, picturelink: null}, 35547: {instructions: In food processor, pulse all ingredients, except sliced smoked salmon, until very smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nUsing a pastry bag, pipe the mousse into lollipop molds. Insert sticks and chill. When set, remove from molds and wrap with very thin sliced smoked salmon. Can be sprinkled with herbs, poppy seeds, or toasted bread crumbs., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 3 ounces mascarpone, 3 to 4 ounces smoked salmon, chopped, plus thinly sliced smoked salmon, for garnish, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon capers, 1 teaspoon chopped red onions, Chopped herbs, Poppy seeds, Toasted bread crumbs], title: Smoked Salmon Lollipop, picturelink: null}, 35548: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease a gratin dish or medium casserole.nCut off the root and tip of the onions. Slice in half lengthwise and peel. Lay the cutside of the onion down and slice lengthwise into thick wedges.nIn a Dutch oven or heavy pot, melt two tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and caramelized, about 40 minutes. Add the sherry and simmer until it evaporates. Remove the onions from the pan and pour through a fine mesh sieve. Let them drain while making the bechamel sauce. Draining the onions prevents a runny gratin because the onions will continue to release more liquid in the oven.nIn the same Dutch oven, melt 3 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook for one minute. Add the scalded milk and cook, whisking constantly, until the sauce is very thick. Remove from the heat. Fold in the Gruyere and stir until completely melted. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the onions to the cheese sauce and toss to thoroughly coat. Pour the onion mixture into the gratin dish.nMelt the remaining tablespoon of butter and toss with the panko crumbs. Sprinkle over the top of the onions and bake until bubbly and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet onions such as Vidalia, Walla Walla, or Maui onions, 3 tablespoons cream sherry, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, scalded, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Kosher salt and pepper, 12 cup panko crumbs], title: Creamed Onion Gratin, picturelink: null}, 35549: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, process the salt, rosemary, and garlic until theyre as finely minced as possible. Add the mustard and balsamic vinegar and process for 1 minute. Place the lamb in a roasting or sheet pan with the ribs curving down, and coat the tops with the mustard mixture. Allow to stand for 1 hour at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRoast the lamb for exactly 20 minutes for rare or 25 minutes for mediumrare. Remove from the oven and cover with aluminum foil. Allow to sit for 15 minutes, then cut into individual ribs and serve.nNote: Frenching refers to scraping the meat off the tips of the bones. Ask your butcher to leave 18 inch of fat on the meat., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 racks of lamb, frenched see note], title: Rack of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 35550: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by roasting the chiles over the flame on your stovetop or under the broiler until the skin is totally blackened if using fresh. When the chiles are totally charred, throw them into a plastic bag. Seal and allow them to steam and cool.nNext, pour the white vinegar over the sliced red onion and let them sit awhile. Thisll take away a little of the crazy onion flavor and leave them with a nice sweetness.nFinally, make the special sauce: equal amounts of mayonnaise and Dijon. Its the simple things in lifenWhen youre ready to make the sandwiches, scrape the blackened skin off the chiles. Scrape out the seeds, too, so youll wind up with big pieces of roasted green chiles.nFor each sandwich, generously spread 2 pieces of rye bread with the special sauce. Lay on 2 slices of provolone, 2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of Cheddar... a nice layer of roasted green chiles... a few red onion slices... and one more slice of provolone just to hold it all together.nTop with the other slice of bread and spread the outsides with a good amount of butter.nToast the sandwich in a skillet over mediumlow heat until the cheese is thoroughly melted inside. Be careful not to burn the bread, ingredients: [4 poblano or Anaheim chiles or you may use canned whole green chiles, 14 cup white vinegar, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 8 slices rye bread, 12 slices provolone, 2 ripe tomatoes, sliced, 8 slices Cheddar, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened], title: Best Grilled Cheese Ever, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}, 35551: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring beet juice to a boil and reduce 50 percent. Remove from heat and whisk in oil in a slow stream. Whisk in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups beet juice, from about 2 pounds peeled beets, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Beet Juice Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35552: {instructions: Place the package of raspberries, the granulated sugar, and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, the jam, and Framboise into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. Chill., ingredients: [1 halfpint package fresh raspberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup 12 ounces seedless raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon Framboise liqueur], title: Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35553: {instructions: Stir the macaroni, 1 cup of the milk and 14 teaspoon salt in a microwavesafe 4quart bowl. It is important that you use a bowl large enough to prevent the milk from boiling over. Cover tightly with plastic wrap cut a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high at 100 percent power for 4 minutes in either an 1,100 or a 700watt oven. Uncover be careful to avoid the hot steam and stir. Cover and microwave on high at 100 percent power until the macaroni is about twothirds cooked, a little harder than al dente, 1 12 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 3 12 minutes in a 700watt oven.nAdd the remaining cup of milk, American cheese, Jack cheese, Parmesan, cream cheese and mustard. Stir well, cover tightly and microwave on high at 100 percent power until all the cheeses have melted, 4 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 4 12 in a 700watt oven. Stir until thoroughly combined. If there are still some pieces of unmelted cheese, microwave again, covered, in 30second increments. The sauce will continue to thicken as it sits. If desired, transfer to a decorative dish for serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups elbow macaroni, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher salt, 1 cup shredded deli yellow American cheese about 4 ounces, 1 cup shredded pepper Jack or Monterey Jack cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 ounces cream cheese, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard], title: Microwave Mac and Cheese, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 35554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients and mix well. Separate into 13 cup portions., ingredients: [13 cup raisins, 13 cup unsweetened dried cranberries, 13 cup diced dried apricots, 23 cup pumpkin seeds, 23 cup almonds, 23 cup sunflower seeds], title: High Energy Mix, picturelink: LimdOT0YYNWP2R8N.7DGhUSfxllDpS}, 35555: {instructions: Preheat grill on high.nIn medium mixing bowl, combine the butter, the juice of the 2 limes, cilantro, chile paste, and cumin. Season with salt and pepper. Mix well and set aside.nPeel the ears of corn and on the hot grill, grill the corn until charred nicely on the outside. Serve with a spoonful the flavored butter on top., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons rocoto chile paste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 4 ears fresh corn], title: Corn with Chile Lime Butter, picturelink: MIbb.qr.ikPzOptyOBd8d0BpV.DmdmK}, 35556: {instructions: Arrange lettuce wedges on individual plates.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together sour cream, blue cheese, milk, and black pepper add more milk if necessary to make a thinner dressing.nSpoon dressing over lettuce wedges just before serving., ingredients: [1 head lettuce, sliced into 4 wedges, 1 cup reducedfat sour cream, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Lettuce Wedges with Blue CheeseSour Cream Dressing, picturelink: null}, 35557: {instructions: Heat broiler or grill. Toast bread slices for 1 minute on each side. Rub one side of each slice with half of a garlic clove. Set aside.nIn a large saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over high heat. Add thinly sliced garlic, 1 cup white wine, 12 teaspoon redpepper flakes, and mussels. Cover, and cook until they have steamed completely open, 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and allow mussels to cool. Remove from shells and discard.nPrepare an ice bath. In a 6quart saucepan, bring 5 quarts of water to a boil with lemon juice and lemon half, remaining 12 cup wine, and remaining 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes. Plunge calamari into the boiling water and cook until just opaque, 25 to 45 seconds. Remove from water with a skimmer or slotted spoon immediately plunge into ice bath to stop the cooking, and drain.nIn a large, nonreactive bowl, combine seafood, peppers, 6 tablespoons olive oil, red wine vinegar, chives, salt, and pepper. Serve immediately, drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with pink peppercorns and garlic toasts., ingredients: [6 slices baguette, 3 cloves garlic, cut in half lengthwise, plus 2 cloves, thinly sliced, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 34 teaspoon redpepper flakes, 24 Prince Edward Island mussels, 12 lemon, juiced reserving lemon, 1 pound calamari, cleaned, cut lengthwise into 14inch strips, and tentacles left whole, 12 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 1  2 pound lobster, steamed, chilled, shelled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, and julienned, 1 green pepper, roasted, peeled, and julienned, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 2 bunches chives, cut into 1inch pieces, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns], title: Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 35558: {instructions: Spray a large microwavesafe mug with nonstick spray. Add green pepper and onion and microwave until softened, 1 to 2 minutes.nBlot any excess liquid from the vegetables. Add egg substitute and microwave for 1 minute.nAdd ham and cheese and lightly stir. Microwave until scramble is just set, an additional 45 to 60 seconds.nLet cool slightly. Garnish with orange slices and serve with an English muffin, if using. Eat up, ingredients: [14 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 1 ounce chopped 97 to 98percent fatfree ham about 2 slices, 2 tablespoons shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese, Orange slices, for serving, optional, Serving suggestion: Wholewheat English muffin.], title: Denver Omelette in a Mug, picturelink: tqR54t2g8L5saUkwafg7c0f4v6Rvnd6}, 35559: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, scallions, cilantro, red wine vinegar, garlic, lime zest and juice to taste and chile pepper to taste in a medium serving bowl. Add the salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes, then stir again.nDivide the salsa into 2 bowls. Serve one as traditional salsa. To the other bowl, add the avocado and mix to combine., ingredients: [5 to 6 Roma tomatoes, diced, 8 to 10 scallions, chopped to just past where they turn green, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves and stems, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped to almost a paste, Zest of 1 lime and juice of 2 limes, 12 jalapeno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 ripe avocado, roughly mashed], title: Doms Salsa and Guacamole, picturelink: Ypk.cTAcWc0J4S2YzVa7j9GTt5E7yve}, 35560: {instructions: Slice Wensleydale with a cheese plane. Sprinkle with sugar and arrange on a platter with seedless grapes. Serve with sweet biscuits and with dry white wine, beer or cider., ingredients: [12 pound Wensleydale cheese made with cranberries, 14 cup sugar, 12 pizzelles or sweet crackers recommended: Nabisco Honey Maid Crackers, 1 cup seedless grapes], title: Sugared Wensleydale Cheese with Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 35561: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In large saute pan, over medium heat, heat oil. Add garlic and ginger and slowly cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add chili powder, turmeric, Garam Masala and pomegranate juice. Let cool slightly. Rub chicken well with mixture and bake in a shallow baking pan for 25 minutes. Chicken will be threequarters of the way cooked. When chicken is cool to the touch, remove bones and shred meat into 12inch pieces. Set aside.nMeanwhile to make Butter Sauce: In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Saute onions, ginger and garlic until light brown, about 4 minutes. Add tomatoes and continue sauteing until tomatoes begin to fall apart, about 5 minutes. Add spices and continue to cook 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Return puree back to pan and add cream and butter. Bring to a simmer and reduce for 5 minutes. Add shredded chicken and saute for 6 minutes more until chicken is cooked through. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with basmati rice, if desired.nIn a small saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, lightly toast spices beginning with cumin and coriander. Toast until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add peppercorns and cardamom and continue to toast another minute. Add cinnamon, cloves, and bay leaf and toast another minute. In a spice grinder, grind to a fine powder. Keep spice blend stored in a tightly seared container for up to 4 weeks., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 cup minced garlic, 14 cup minced ginger, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 teaspoons Garam Masala, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons pomegranate juice, 2 pounds skinless, bonein chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 teaspoon Garam Masala, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 whole cardamom seeds, crushed, 2 whole cinnamon sticks, 4 cloves, 1 bay leaf], title: Taj Maholla Chicken, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 35562: {instructions: Add Crown Royalu00ae Whiskey, fine grain sugar, and cloves in oldfashioned glass or mug.nAdd 12 oz or more, if desired boiling water and stir., ingredients: [1.35 oz. Crown Royalu00ae Whiskey, 1 tsp fine grain sugar, 2 small cloves, 1.5 oz. boiling water], title: Crown Royalandreg Hot Toddy, picturelink: FhddE4CTXKtRWwCZ4HNS8FwVnLMxzeq}, 35563: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, salt, and pepper in small bowl to blend. Combine the vinaigrette and chicken pieces in a large resealable plastic bag seal the bag and toss to coat. Refrigerate, turning the chicken pieces occasionally, for at least 2 hours and up to 1 day.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove chicken from the bag and arrange the chicken pieces on a large greased baking dish. Roast until the chicken is just cooked through, about 1 hour. If your chicken browns too quickly, cover it with foil for the remaining cooking time. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter. Place the baking dish on a burner over mediumlow heat. Whisk the chicken broth into the pan drippings, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the baking sheet with a wooden spoon and mixing them into the broth and pan drippings. Drizzle the pan drippings over the chicken. Sprinkle the lemon zest and parsley over the chicken, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4pound whole chicken, cut into pieces giblets, neck and backbone reserved for another use, 12 cup lowsalt chicken broth, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Roasted Chicken with Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: 38DwJtFVdzt61O3yWEED.q16JojTOLq}, 35564: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPuree the olives, oil, garlic, and zest in a food processor until smooth and spreadable. Blend in the mayonnaise. Toss the tuna, artichokes, lemon juice, and pepper in a medium bowl, keeping the tuna in small chunks.nHollow out the bottom and top halves of the bread. Spread the olive puree over both cut sides of the bread. Spoon the tuna and artichoke mixture onto the bottom half of the bread. Sprinkle the tomatoes over. Cover with the bread top. Cut the sandwich crosswise into 6 pieces and serve., ingredients: [34 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 6ounce cans tuna in olive oil, drained, 1 12ounce jar marinated artichokes, drained and coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce ciabatta bread, halved horizontally, 1 tomato, diced], title: Tuna and Artichoke Panini, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 35565: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the apricots, walnuts, brown sugar, and butter.nCore the apples, making each opening large enough to hold 16 of the apricot mixture, peel the top third of each apple. Arrange the apples, cavity side up, in a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish, and fill the cavities with the apricot mixture. Sprinkle any remaining filling around the apples, pour the orange juice around them, and dot with butter.nBake apples 15 minutes and baste with juices. Continue to bake, basting regularly, until tender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and let stand about 10 minutes before serving. Transfer to serving bowls, spoon juices over, and serve.nWine suggestion: Sauternes  BG or Filhot, ingredients: [34 cup firmly packed dried apricots, chopped, 34 cup chopped walnuts, 34 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 6 Granny Smith apples, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup butter, softened], title: Baked Apples with Apricot and Walnut Filling, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 35566: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 8inch round cake pans with cooking spray line the bottoms with parchment paper. Coat the parchment with cooking spray and dust the bottom and side of each pan with flour, tapping out the excess. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the speed to low add the egg yolks one at a time, making sure each is incorporated before adding the next. Beat in the vanilla. Beat in the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the milk in 2 batches, until just incorporated. Its OK if the batter looks curdled. Increase the speed to medium and beat 1 more minute.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and spread evenly. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through, until the tops are golden and spring back when lightly pressed, about 40 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the pans, then run a knife around the sides of the pans to loosen. Turn out onto a rack to cool completely discard the parchment.nMake the frosting: Bring a few inches of water to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk the egg whites, sugar and golden syrup in the bowl of a stand mixer. Set the bowl over the saucepan cook, whisking, until the sugar dissolves, the egg whites become frothy and the mixture is warm, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer and beat with the whisk attachment on mediumhigh speed until stiff glossy peaks form. Switch to the paddle attachment. Beat in the vanilla, then beat in the butter a few pieces at a time until smooth. Its OK if the frosting looks separated keep beating.nCut a 3 12inch hole from the center of one cake layer with a paring knife set the cake layer and the cutout aside. Score a 3 12inch circle in the center of the other cake layer, then scoop out the middle without going all the way to the bottom carefully transfer the cake to a serving plate. Spread the top of the scoopedout cake but not inside the hole with 1 cup frosting. Top with the other cake layer and pour the MMs into the hole. Slicing horizontally, cut off the top 12 inch from the reserved cutout to make a thin round place on top of the candies to form a lid.nFrost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting. Refrigerate until just firm, about 20 minutes. Dip a small dry brush in luster dust tap and brush all over the cake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 13 cups sugar, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature use the whites for the frosting, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 13 cups whole milk, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 13 cup golden syrup or honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 sticks plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces and slightly softened, 1 to 1 12 cups golden MMs, 1 small container edible gold luster dust available at craft stores or online], title: Pot of Gold Cake, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 35567: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to the package directions.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan or skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season and saute the bell peppers, onions and mushrooms until the moisture has released from the onions and mushrooms and they begin to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the veal and settle it to the bottom of the pan. Add the oregano, garlic and some salt and pepper and saute until the veal is browned, about 5 minutes per side. Add 14 cup of the wine, reduce until the pan is almost dry, then add the remaining wine and the butter and reduce the heat to medium low. Reduce the liquid by half and serve over the spaghetti., ingredients: [4 ounces spaghetti, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sliced green bell pepper, 14 cup diced yellow onion, 12 cup sliced mushrooms, One 6ounce veal cutlet, pounded thin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup Marsala wine or sherry, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Veal Marsala with Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 35568: {instructions: Wash the Kirby cucumbers under cold water and then slice into 13inch rounds, about as thick as an Oreo. Peel the onion, cut in half lengthwise, and slice into semicircles the same width as the cukes. Toss the onions and the cucumbers in a bowl with the salt and let sit for 1 hour. Rinse well in a colander, drain, and place in a nonreactive bowl. Tear up the celery leaves and add to the mix, then set aside.nIn a saucepan, combine the pepper flakes, fenugreek, tumeric, mustard seeds, the allspice berries, vinegar, 12 cup water, the sugar, and maple syrup. Bring to a rapid boil and then pour over the cucumbers. Leave them uncovered for 2 hours and then refrigerate. When they reach fridge temperature, cover with plastic wrap. Done. But theyll be at their best a day or two later. Theyll keep in the refrigerator for about 10 days., ingredients: [12 small 3inch Kirby cucumbers, or 2 English cucumbers, 1 large sweet onion, 12 cup coarse salt, Leaves from 1 bunch of celery, 14 tsp red pepper flakes, 14 tsp ground fenugreek, 1 tsp brown mustard seeds, 8 allspice berries, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup maple syrup], title: Bread n Butter Pickles, picturelink: null}, 35569: {instructions: Immediately before serving, toss the rinsed, drained, and dried asparagus with 1 tablespoon excellent wine vinegar and 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Basic boiled asparagus recipe above, 1 tablespoon wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Cold Asparagus with Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 35570: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace potatoes in a steamer basket fitted over a large pot of boiling water. Cover and steam for about 15 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.nTransfer potatoes to a large bowl. Add the broth, and coarsely mash the potatoes. Stir in the sour cream and chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds Yukon gold potatoes 4 medium unpeeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, warmed, 14 cup reduced fat sour cream, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Potatoes with Sour Cream and Chives, picturelink: YM5IAb3vSdN.QDEOAe9fvNLkTjgjwqe}, 35571: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly butter a baking pan. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet. Add onion and carrot, cover and cook for 10 minutes or until soft. Remove cover, add shrimp and saute for a couple of minutes just until shrimp turn pink and are firm to the touch. Remove mixture to a food processor and blend with heavy cream, lemon juice, tarragon and breadcrumbs until mixture is pureed. Season with salt and pepper. Place some stuffing on one half of each sole filet. Fold other half over the stuffing and transfer the filet to a baking dish. Drizzle remaining tablespoon of olive oil over the stuffed sole season with salt and pepper. Bake, covered for 20 to 25 minutes or until flesh is cooked through and white and stuffing is hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter for greasing baking pan, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup cream or half and half, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 34 teaspoon dried tarragon, 14 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 1 12 pounds 4 pieces filet of sole, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Sole, picturelink: null}, 35572: {instructions: Pour about 1 14 inches of peanut oil into a deepfryer or Dutch oven heat over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, onion, jalapenos, corn and eggs in a mixing bowl stir until blended. Let stand 5 minutes.nWorking in batches, drop the batter by teaspoonfuls into the hot oil. Dont overcrowd the pot leave room for the hushpuppies to be turned. Cook until golden brown, turning, about 3 minutes.nRemove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while frying the remaining batter. Lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste and transfer to a serving dish. Serve with hot sauce.nIf you cant find selfrising cornmeal, use 1 14 cups plus 2 12 tablespoons regular cornmeal, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder and 34 teaspoon salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying about 1 12 quarts, 1 12 cups selfrising cornmeal, 1 cup selfrising flour, 12 onion, chopped, 1 7ounce can diced jalapeno peppers, drained or 6 fresh jalapenos, seeded if desired, and diced, 1 15ounce can creamed corn, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Hot sauce, for serving optional], title: Jalapeno Hushpuppies, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 35573: {instructions: In a medium skillet over high heat, add oil. When oil is hot, briefly saute garlic then add the clams. Reduce heat to medium add all remaining seafood except scallops. Cook until the fish is almost done. Deglaze the pan with white wine. Add the tomato sauce, scallops and juice from half of the lemon. Cover and let simmer about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat add parsley, butter and basil. Serve in a large bowl and garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 ounce olive oil, 12 ounce garlic, peeled and sliced, 4 ounces clams or cockles, 2 medium prawns, peeled and deveined, 2 ounces salmon, cut into small cubes, 2 small crab legs any type, 4 ounces cooking wine, Chablis, 2 12 ounces tomato sauce, 2 medium scallops, 1 lemon, halved 12 juiced and 12 cut in wedges, Pinch fresh parsley leaves, 1 ounce whole sweet butter, 14 bunch fresh basil, leaves chopped], title: Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 35574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the chicken to a large stockpot, cover with water and add a large pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to cool. When cool enough to handle, shred the chicken and set aside. Reserve 3 13 cups of the broth 1 cup is for the chicken gravy, supplement with boxed stock if you dont have enough.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13 by 9inch baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a large saucepan, combine 2 13 cups of the reserved broth, the Chicken Gravy, green chiles, onions, garlic, sour cream, cumin, salt and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat.nSpread 1 cup of the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Arrange a layer of 6 tortillas over the mixture, and then top with 1 cup shredded chicken and 12 cup of the Cheddar. Repeat this layer three more times, ending with cheese. Spread any remaining mixture over the cheese. Make sure all of the tortillas are covered or they will get very hard during baking. Bake uncovered for 30 minutes.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan and whisk in the flour to make a roux. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture bubbles and the flour turns light brown in color. Gradually whisk in the stock and milk and continue to stir while cooking over medium heat. When the mixture thickens, after about 5 minutes, whisk in some salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt, Chicken Gravy, recipe follows, 1 cup canned green chiles, chopped and drained, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Cooking spray, Twentyfour 6inch corn tortillas, 3 cups shredded Cheddar, 6 tablespoons butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup milk, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken Tortilla Casserole, picturelink: Bpa59rCqwbUm4M2S0guPbN9wVD5SKDq}, 35575: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium high heat. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add red pepper and saute until softened. Add broccoli rabe and hot pepper flakes, and coat with oil. Add broth, cover pan and cook until rabe is tender, about 4 more minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 1 12 pounds broccoli rabe, hollow stems trimmed, blanched, and drained, 12 to 34 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 cup chicken broth], title: Spicy Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 35576: {instructions: For Sauce, combine 1 14 cups broth, cornstarch, soy sauce, ginger, garlic and red pepper flakes in a pintsize jar with lid shake well and set aside.nFor Stir Fry, heat a dry 12inch skillet over high heat 1 minute mediumhigh if using nonstick. Add sliced meat in an even layer. Cook, without stirring, 2 minutes. Stir once, then continue cooking until liquid evaporates and meat starts to brown on edges and stick to pan, about 3 to 5 minutes, stirring only one or two more times. If pan becomes dry, add broth 1 tablespoon at a time. Meat may still be slightly pink in center.nAdd broccoli, onion and 2 tablespoons broth. Stir until vegetables are hot, about 3 minutes, adding additional broth 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed, if pan becomes dry.nShake sauce mixture again, checking that cornstarch is fully incorporated, and pour into skillet. Simmer, 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently, until sauce is thickened and vegetables are desired doneness. Serve over hot rice or noodles with toppings, as desired., ingredients: [Sauce:, 1 14 cups plus about 14 cup College Innu00ae Fat Free  Lower Sodium Beef Broth, 5 tsp. cornstarch, 2 Tbsp. reduced sodium soy sauce, 2 tsp. grated fresh ginger, 2 tsp. minced garlic, 18 tsp. dried red pepper flakes, Stir Fry:, 1 lb. top sirloin beef or flank steak, sliced into thin strips, 3 cups broccoli flowerets, 12 medium onion, sliced into thin strips, Hot cooked Asianstyle noodles or rice, Optional Toppings:, Chopped peanuts, Sliced green onion, Chopped fresh cilantro], title: Broccoli Beef StirFry, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 35577: {instructions: Special equipment: a small food processornMake the waffle batter: Whisk together the buttermilk, eggs and honey in a small bowl. Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, cumin, fine sea salt and cayenne in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients, add the wet ingredients and gently whisk together until just combined do not over mix. Fold in the butter, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate the batter for 30 minutes.nWhile the waffle batter rests, make the red chile sauce: Put the garlic on a cutting board, sprinkle with kosher salt, and use the flat side of your knife blade to smear the garlic and salt to a coarse paste. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes and their juices, the ancho and pasilla chile powders and some salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly reduced, about 15 minutes. Use a potato masher to mash the tomatos and cook slightly thickened, about 10 minutes longer. Mash again to make a chunky sauce. Stir in the chipotle puree, honey, vinegar and salt and pepper to taste, cook another 1 to 2 minutes then remove from the heat.nMake the crema: Combine the cilantro, garlic, cotija and pine nuts in a small food processor and puree the mixture until it is smooth. Whisk together the crema and goat cheese in a medium bowl until smooth. Stir in the cilantro mixture and lime zest and set aside. Season with salt and pepper.nMake the waffles: Heat the waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions. Spray with nonstick pan spray, then ladle about 14 cup of the batter into each grid, close, and cook until golden brown on both sides and steam stops coming out from the iron, about 4 minutes. Transfer the waffles to a baking sheet.nMake the eggs: Preheat the broiler to high. Crack 4 eggs into each of 2 small bowls. Heat 2 medium nonstick skillets over mediumhigh heat or use 1 skillet and cook the eggs in 2 batches. Add 2 tablespoons butter to each skillet once the bubbles mostly subside, slip 4 eggs into each skillet and season the tops with salt and pepper. When the whites start to set, after 1 to 2 minutes, cover the skillet and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny, about 2 minutes longer.nWhile the eggs cook, assemble the waffles: Combine the Cheddar and Moneterey Jack cheeses in a medium bowl, then top each waffle with about 12 cup of cheese and broil until the cheese is bubbly, 2 to 3 minutes. Top each waffle with a fried egg, a generous amount of chile sauce and a dollop of crema. Garnish with scallions and cilantro leaves and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 34 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, Pinch of cayenne, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, Nonstick pan spray, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 serrano chile, sliced into rounds, 2 12 cups canned plum tomatoes, with their juices, 2 tablespoons ground ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons ground pasilla chile powder, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons pureed chipotles in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, Splash of red wine vinegar, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons grated cotija cheese, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 34 cup crema Mexican sour cream, 14 cup soft goats milk cheese, at room temperature, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large eggs, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 scallions, thinly sliced, Handful of fresh cilantro leaves], title: Cornbread Waffles with RanchStyle Eggs and Cilantro Crema, picturelink: RKNIGoLHmicypKenPSU8GT0wcxVI1SW}, 35578: {instructions: For the last 75 minutes of goose cooking, place sliced eggplant underneath the goose. When goose is done, remove the fat from the roasting pan and add the stock to the pan. Stir, over a high heat and reduce the liquid to desired consistency. Strain sauce into a saucepan and stir in butter to enrich. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Suggested wine: Dopff au Moulin Gewurztraminer 1996., ingredients: [Goose stock, 1 12 pound egglant, sliced, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Gravy for Goose, picturelink: null}, 35579: {instructions: Cook linguine in boiling salted water until al dente. Drain and stir 1 to 2 ounces of olive oil into linguine to help prevent pasta from sticking together and set aside. In a large saute pan, combine the butter, clam juice, tomatoes, green onions, baby shrimp, white wine, and black olives. Place on high heat, and cook, stirring occasionally. When butter melts, cook for 5 more minutes. Add the pasta to the mixture and toss to heat through., ingredients: [1 pound fresh linguine, 1 to 2 ounces olive oil, 12 ounces salted butter, 3 cups clam juice, 3 cups diced tomatoes, 2 cups chopped green onions, 1 pound baby shrimp, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup black olives], title: Pasta Fina, picturelink: null}, 35580: {instructions: Mix dry ingredients  flours, salt, sugar, and baking powder.nMix wet ingredients  milk, butter and eggs.nCombine and mix but do not over mix, batter should be slightly lumpy. Let rest for 12 hour before adding to frying pan., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups blue corn flour, 34 tablespoons salt, 4 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 4 cups milk, 12 pound butter, melted, 4 eggs], title: Sophias Place  Blue Corn Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 35581: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nMeanwhile, segment the oranges: Cut the ends off, then cut away the peel and white pith. Working over a bowl, cut along both sides of each membrane with a paring knife to remove the segments, allowing them to drop into the bowl. Discard any seeds.nPut the garlic on a cutting board and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt, then mash into a paste with the flat side of a large knife. Whisk the vinegar and garlic paste in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, then whisk in the olive oil. Add the watercress, parsley and escarole and toss to coat. Divide the salad among plates and crumble the bacon on top. Sprinkle with the oranges, hazelnuts, dates and blue cheese. Serve with cornbread, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 3 oranges, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium bunch watercress, tough stems removed, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 1 small head escarole, outer leaves removed, torn, 13 cup roughly chopped toasted hazelnuts, 13 cup roughly chopped dried dates, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese, Toasted cornbread, for serving optional], title: BaconWatercress Salad, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 35582: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix together the mozzarella, salami, cherry tomatoes, artichokes, roasted red pepper and pepperoncini. Toss the salad mixture with the Red Wine Vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Let this marinate for 30 minutes before serving.nServe the lettuce cups alongside the antipasto salad. Be sure to use a slotted spoon when serving to drain off any excess marinade, so the lettuce doesnt get soggy.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together vinegar, honey and mustard. Once combined, slowly add olive oil in steady stream while whisking. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cubed, 8 ounces salami, cubed have the deli counter slice it into 14inch pieces, 8 ounces cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 6ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 1 roasted red pepper, drained and chopped, 14 cup jarred pepperoncini, drained and chopped, Red Wine Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 16 leaves Boston Bibb lettuce, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon mustard, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Antipasto Summer Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 35583: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine all of the ingredients. Season with salt, to taste. Serve immediately. This may be made 1 hour ahead, without adding the papaya, and refrigerated. Add the papaya just before serving., ingredients: [1 medium ripe papaya, cut into 12inch dice, 1 medium ripe mango, cut into 12inch dice, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inch dice, 1 medium jalapeno pepper, seeded and ribs removed, minced, 1 small red onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon grated lime zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Coarse salt], title: Tropical Salsa, picturelink: null}, 35584: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add sugar and orange juice and stir until sugar melts. Add plantains and saute until tender and caramelized. Add rum. Using long match, carefully ignite mixture. Cook until flames die out. Serve immediately with vanilla ice cream and sprinkle with orange peel., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup packed golden brown sugar, Juice of one orange, 2 very ripe plantains, peeled, sliced, 14 cup dark rum, Vanilla ice cream, Freshly grated orange peel], title: Plantains Foster, picturelink: null}, 35585: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan and simmer, covered, for 10 minutes. Remove cloves and cinnamon stick and serve warm., ingredients: [2 small eating apples, peeled, cored, and chopped, 6 whole cloves, 1 4inch cinnamon stick, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup water, 1 small orange, juiced, 1 bottle Hudson Valley Farmhouse Cider], title: Cider Mulled Punch, picturelink: null}, 35586: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet. When hot add the squid and garlic and saute for 1 12 minutes only, stirring continuously, until the squid rings turn opaque. Add the tequila and cook for 30 seconds or until evaporated. Remove from heat and add black olives. Season to taste with salt and crushed red pepper. Set some dressed salad in a heated taco and fill with squid.nTo make cumin salad dressing, mix 14 teaspoon of ground cumin in your favorite dressing or in a mustard vinaigrette. You can top this with the citrus salsa if you wish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound net cleaned squid and cut into 14inch rounds, 1 peeled clove garlic, passed through a press, 2 to 3 tablespoons Tequila or fresh lime juice, 12 cup black olives, Salt and dried red pepper flakes, Mesclun, arugula or watercress salad dressed with cumin vinaigrette citrus salsa, optional: 1 red grapefruit or 2 navel oranges, peeled and cut into supremes mixed with 14 cup finely minced red onion and a little bit of olive oil to taste], title: Muchos Tacos, picturelink: null}, 35587: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 3 tablespoons of the sugar.nIn a small bowl, combine the warm water with the yeast and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar stir until the yeast is dissolved. Let stand until bubbles appear, 2 to 3 minutes.nUsing your hands, mix the 1 cup cold butter into the flour, breaking the butter into small pebbles, until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Make a well in the center and add the buttermilk and the yeast mixture. Gently fold the flour into the wet ingredients. Keep mixing until a ball starts to form, then gently knead, 12 to 15 times, to create a smooth dough. Cover with a cloth or plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place for approximately 1 hour.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and press out to 1 to 1 12inches thick. Fold the dough in half, press again to 1 to 1 12inches thick, and then fold again. Cut the dough using a 2 to 3inch round biscuit cutter, depending personal preference. Brush the bottom of a castiron skillet with some of the melted butter. Place the biscuits in the skillet brush the tops with melted butter.nBake until golden brown, 18 to 22 minutes, depending on size. Brush again with melted butter and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup warm 90 to 110 degrees F water, 12 ounce 2 packages active dry yeast, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, cold, cut into small squares, plus 4 tablespoons, melted, 2 cups buttermilk], title: Trisha Yearwoods Angel Biscuits, picturelink: 1wU4OGa4.fqIBngerF1fgBt8OfyrPBS}, 35588: {instructions: For the roux:nTake 12 cup of the bacon fat and in a thickbottomed pan cook the flour slowly stirring constantly to a brownishbrick red color. Set aside carefully and cool.nFor the Soup:nIn a thickbottomed pot, heat the remaining bacon fat and brown the turtle meat and ground beef thoroughly. Add the bell pepper, celery, onions and garlic and sweat until translucent. Add the tomatoes, eggs, spinach, wine, sherry, stock, hot sauce, Worcestershire and bay leaves and simmer 1 12 hours.nUsing a microplane and cutresistant gloves, remove the yellow zest from the lemons avoiding the white pith add to the soup. Cut the zested lemons and squeeze juice into the soup.nIn a bowl, add the cooled roux, then ladle some of hot soup into the bowl whisking with a wire whip until a smooth paste is formed add one more ladle to the bowl, then add the contents back to the soup. Season to taste with salt and pepper and simmer for 1 hour.nBefore serving, remove bay leaves.nWhen serving, ladle the soup into bowls and top with additional sherry 3 tablespoons per bowl, green onions, parsley and a squeeze of lemon., ingredients: [1 cup bacon fat, 12 cup all purpose flour, 12 pound turtle meat see your seafood specialty store, silver skin removed and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 pound ground beef, 1 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped onion, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 cup diced canned tomatoes, 4 hard boiled eggs, peeled and diced, 3 cups chopped baby spinach, 2 cups white wine, 1 cup cream sherry plus more to finish soup table side, 2 cups chicken, pork or beef stock or broth, 4 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, 4 large bay leaves, 6 lemons, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons chopped green onions, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, Sherry and lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Sherried Turtle Soup, picturelink: null}, 35589: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nLine 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Halve each tomato and place cut side up in 1 flat layer on the baking sheets. Drizzle the tomatoes with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and sprinkle on the salt. Roast until the tomatoes are dried around the edges but still moist, about 2 hours.nCrumble the goat cheese into large chunks and refrigerate until ready to serve the pasta.nCook the pasta in salted boiling water according to the package directions. Remove 1 cup of the cooking liquid and reserve. Drain the pasta well and return to the pot. Add the tomatoes, goat cheese, basil, reserved cooking liquid, and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Toss well and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds red and yellow cherry tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound penne, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, torn into pieces, Additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Penne with SlowRoasted Cherry Tomatoes and Goat Cheese, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 35590: {instructions: Cut the oranges in half lengthwise and remove all of the pulp. It can be reserved for another use, if desired. In a small saucepan combine 14 cup of the juice and the gelatin and let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. Cook the mixture over low heat, stirring constantly, for 3 to 4 minutes or until all the gelatin granules are completely dissolved. Whisk the gelatin mixture into the remaining orange juice. Pour the mixture into the hollowed shells and chill them, covered, for 4 hours or until the mixture is jelled. Cut each half into 3 wedges., ingredients: [2 navel oranges, 1 14 cups strained fresh orange juice, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin], title: Jiggly Orange Wedges, picturelink: null}, 35591: {instructions: Beat the eggs lightly in a large bowl, and add the milk, flour, sugar, and salt while gently stirring until blended. Stir in the melted butter. Cover the batter and refrigerate overnight or up to 2 days.nHeat a griddle and brush it lightly with oil. Pour a thin stream of batter in a circle onto the hot griddle to make a 6inch pancake. The pancakes should be very thin. Cook pancake 20 seconds, flip, and cook another 20 seconds until done.nServe immediately, topped with lingonberries and a dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [4 eggs, 4 cups milk, 2 12 cups flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, Oil for brushing griddle, Preserved lingonberries, for topping pancakes, Sour cream, for topping pancakes], title: Swedish Pancakes with Lingonberries, picturelink: null}, 35592: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pierce the sweet potatoes all overwith a fork and microwave until tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Combine the turkey, onion, panko and egg in a bowl. Add half each of the ketchup, hoisin sauce and ginger and season with salt and pepper. Mix with your hands until just combined. Form into a 9by11inch rectangle on the prepared baking sheet. Mix the remaining ketchup, hoisin sauce and ginger in a small bowl with 2 tablespoons water brush over the meat. Bake until golden and cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Turn on the broiler and broil until the glaze is just caramelized, 1 to 2 minutes.nMix the butter, half of the scallions, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Split the potatoes and top with the scallion butter. Slice the meatloaf and serve with the potatoes. Sprinkle with the remaining scallions.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, Cooking spray, 1 pound 93 percent lean ground turkey, 1 small onion, grated, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs preferably wholewheat, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions or chives], title: Turkey Meatloaf Squares with Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 35593: {instructions: Place coffee, cocoa and cinnamon in a filter for coffee brewing. Make 4 cups of brewed mochacinnamon coffee. Pour a shot of coffee liquor in the bottom of a coffee mug. Pour in a serving of brewed mochacinnamon Mexican coffee. Top off the mug with a generous swirl of whipped cream and garnish with another sprinkle of cinnamon. Repeat for desired number of mugfuls, ingredients: [4 scoops of ground coffee beans, Columbian or other variety  a coffee scoop is equivalent to a rounded tablespoon, 1 scoop rounded tablespoon cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon  eyeball it, plus a sprinkle for garnish, 4 jiggers 1 ounce shots coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 canister whipped cream with spray top], title: Mexican Coffee, picturelink: null}, 35594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a champagne flutenPour the liqueur in the bottom of a champagne flute. Top with the prosecco and garnish with the lemon twist to serve., ingredients: [1 ounce hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico, 6 ounces prosecco, 1 twist lemon peel], title: LemonHazelnut Spritz, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 35595: {instructions: PORK CHOPS: Combine ingredients of marinade. Marinate pork chops for at least 1 hour or up to overnight in refrigerator. Combine seasoned flour ingredients and set aside. Using a cast iron pan over medium heat, add 12 cup vegetable oil and slowly bring to temperature. Remove pork chops from marinade, dredge in seasoned flour, and then place chops in pan. Fry the pork chops until golden brown on both sides 12 to 15 minutes total for medium. Remove from pan and drain on paper towels.nAPPLESAUCE: In separate pan on high heat, add olive oil and butter. Slowly add apples. Cook them until caramelized and then add apple cider, clove, cinnamon, and salt and pepper. Place pan in oven at 350 degrees for 10 minutes or until the apples have broken down.nPRESENTATION: Place pork chops in center of plate and garnish with roasted applesauce and fresh thyme., ingredients: [12 cup Apple Jack brandy or Calvados, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup apple juice, 12 bunch fresh bunch thyme, chopped, 14 cup bacon drippings, Salt and coarse pepper, to taste, 4 8ounce pork Tbone porterhouse chops, 12 cup flour, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon coarse black pepper, Salt to taste, 1ounce olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, seeded and sliced in eighths, 14 cup apple cider, 12 teaspoon cloves, whole, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Salt and Pepper, to taste], title: Fried Pork TBone Chops with Roasted Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 35596: {instructions: Cure the salmon: Mix the salt and sugar in a bowl. Place 2 long pieces of plastic wrap on a work surface, overlapping them to form a cross. Put half of the cilantro sprigs in the middle of the plastic wrap and top with half of the saltsugar mixture. Press the salmon into the mixture, making sure the bottom of the fish is covered with salt and sugar. Sprinkle the salmon with the remaining saltsugar mixture and rub it in, then place the rest of the cilantro on top. Wrap tightly in the plastic and refrigerate for 24 hours.nThe next day, unwrap the salmon, rinse off the salt and pat dry. Cut into 14to12inch cubes.nMake the salad: Toss the salmon, cilantro, tomatoes, scallions, jalapeno, vegetable and sesame oils and lime juice in a bowl. Traditionally, the cured salmon is flaked and massaged with the other ingredients by hand. Garnish the salad with chopped macadamia nuts, if desired.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 pound wild salmon fillet skin removed, rinsed and patted dry, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno or serrano pepper, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Juice of 1 lime, Chopped macadamia nuts, for garnish optional], title: Lomi Lomi Salmon, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 35597: {instructions: Pulse 14 cup salt and the chile powder in a food processor until combined let the powder settle before removing the lid, then transfer the chile salt to a small bowl and set aside.nWipe out the food processor and add the crema, cilantro and garlic. Add the grated zest and juice of 1 lime and puree until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nToss the mango and jicama sticks with the juice of 1 lime. Transfer to a platter along with the radishes, bell pepper and cucumber. Slice the remaining lime into wedges and add to the platter. Serve with the chile salt and cilantro crema.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 34 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 12 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 3 limes, 2 mangoes, peeled and cut into sticks, 1 small jicama, peeled and cut into sticks, 1 bunch radishes, trimmed and halved quartered if large, 1 large red bell pepper, cut into strips, 1 English cucumber, sliced], title: TexMex Veggie Platter, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 35598: {instructions: Mix mustard and cider vinegar, drizzle in oil and whisk until thickened, add chopped chervil and season with salt and pepper.nTIP: CHOPPED SALAD IN ENDIVE LEAVESnFinely chop your favorite salad fixings such as peppers, cucumbers, onion, blue cheese and mix with your favorite vinaigrette. Separate endive leaves to equal lengths and fill for hors douevres, right before serving., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar measured, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 teaspoons chervil], title: Curtis Provencal Dressing, picturelink: null}, 35599: {instructions: Slice off ends of onions and peel off the skins. Slice into 12inch rings. Place rings in a bowl of ice water and let sit. In separate bowl whisk together beer and flour. Season with salt, cayenne, and a dash of Tabasco. Whisk together. Dry onion rings on paper towels then dip into batter. Heat oil in a large kettle to 375 degrees. Dip dried onion rings in batter. Fry onion rings until brown and crispy. Serve., ingredients: [2 large yellow onions Spanish, Salt, Cayenne, 1 12ounce can beer, 1 cup of flour, sifted, Tabasco, Oil], title: Spicy Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 35600: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over mediumhigh heat, brown the ground beef until totally browned. Remove the meat from the pot with a slotted spoon and put into a bowl. Set aside.nDiscard any grease in the pot, but do not clean the pot. Drizzle in the olive oil. When it is heated, throw in the diced onions. Stir it around for 1 12 minutes, and then add the garlic. Stir and cook for an additional minute.nAdd the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste and marinara sauce. Stir to combine, and then add the sugar, salt, oregano, thyme, crushed red pepper if using and bay leaves. Stir, then add the cooked ground beef and stir to combine. Place the lid on the pot and allow to simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Add a little water or some lowsodium broth if it needs more liquid.nAfter an hour, add the minced parsley, basil and the Parmesan rind if using or grated Parmesan if you preferor both. Stir to combine, and then put the lid back on and allow it to simmer for another 30 minutes or so. Discard the bay leaves before serving.nServe a big bowl of oiled noodles and the spaghetti sauce so guests can serve themselves. Top each serving with minced parsley and grated Parmesan or Parmesan shavings and serve with a big piece of garliccheese bread.nAmen., ingredients: [5 pounds ground beef I used ground round, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large yellow onions, diced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Two 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, One 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 jar good storebought marinara sauce you can use another jar if you like the sauce to be more saucy than meaty, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, optional, 4 bay leaves, 14 cup finely minced fresh parsley or 3 tablespoons parsley flakes, plus more for serving, 8 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 whole rind from 1 wedge Parmesan, optional, 12 cup grated Parmesan, optional, plus more for serving, 2 pounds spaghetti, cooked al dente and tossed with olive oil, for serving, Garliccheese bread, for serving], title: Spaghetti Sauce, picturelink: KN9LXHxPHpTOTTcDZyV72jCLQ73ofy}, 35601: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the bottom of a 13 x 9 baking pan with nonstick spray and set aside. In large bowl, combine the brownie mix with the oil, water, eggs, and espresso. Stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until well combined. Fold in the chips into the batter. Spread the brownie batter in the greased pan and bake for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool completely.nTo make the frosting: Combine the cream cheese frosting and espresso in a bowl and stir with a wooden spoon until smooth. Spread the frosting over the cooled brownies, chill until set, and cut into squares. Serve with coffee ice cream andor chocolate covered espresso beans., ingredients: [1 box fudge brownie mix, 12cup vegetable oil, 14cup water, 2 large eggs, 1 Tbs. instant coffee powder, 12cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 can cream cheese frosting, 1 shot strongly brewed espresso coffee, cooled or coffeeflavored liqueur accompaniments, coffee ice cream or chocolate covered espresso beans], title: Fudge Brownies with Espresso Frosting, picturelink: null}, 35602: {instructions: Line an 8 by 4inch loaf pan or 6inch gratin dish with plastic wrap. To prepare the ganache, put the chocolate in a bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan and pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand until the chocolate begins to melt, about 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth.nPour the ganache into the loaf pan or gratin dish and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. When the mixture has set, unmold, and cut out 6 1 12inch rounds you can use a knife or a cookie cutter. Refrigerate until ready to use up to 5 days.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a muffin pan and set aside.nTo make the cakes, in the top of a double boiler, or in metal bowl suspended over a pot of simmering not boiling water, melt the chocolate. Whisk in the softened butter and turn off the heat. Let cool for 5 minutes, then whisk in the egg yolks, one at a time.nSift together the almond and cake flours and fold the flours into the chocolate mixture.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Sift in the confectioners sugar and continue beating to stiff peaks. Fold 13 of the egg white mixture into the chocolate mixture, then gently fold in the remaining whites in two additions.nScoop or pipe a 14cup measure of cake batter into each muffin tin.nPlace a ganache round in the center of each muffin cup, then spoon in enough batter to cover. Bake the cakes for 20 minutes, or until the tops are firm. Allow the cakes to rest for 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [4 ounces extrabittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 12 ounces extrabittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for buttering the tins, 3 large eggs, separated, 14 cup almond flour, 14 cup cake flour, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Warm Chocolate Ganache Cakes, picturelink: null}, 35603: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, squash, quinoa and raisins and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the liquid is absorbed and the squash and quinoa are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Gently stir in the spinach and cook until it just begins to wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. Sprinkle with the walnuts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium leek, white and light green parts only, cleaned and thinly sliced, 2 cups reducedsodium vegetable broth, 2 cups peeled and diced butternut squash, 1 cup quinoa, 13 cup golden raisins, 2 cups baby spinach, 2 tablespoons toasted chopped walnuts], title: Butternut Squash with Quinoa, Spinach and Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 35604: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Refrigerate and serve within 8 hours., ingredients: [12 garden tomatoes, medium diced, 2 red onion, finely diced, 2 bunches scallions, finely diced, 6 fresh Anaheim chilies roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced small, 2 full bunches cilantro, washed, large stems removed, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Salsa Fresca, picturelink: null}, 35605: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Lightly coat a griddle or large nonstick skillet with oil and preheat over mediumhigh heat until hot.nWhisk 6 of the eggs with the salt to blend well. Whisk in the cream, simple syrup and cinnamon. Test the griddle temperature by dropping a bit of the batter onto it if it sizzles, the griddle is ready. Dip the croissant halves, one at a time, into the batter and place gently onto the griddle without overcrowding. Fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes, and then flip and fry the other side. Repeat with remaining croissant halves, if necessary. At this point, you can place the cooked croissants onto a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while you prepare the eggs.nWipe out the griddle and set over mediumlow heat. Melt the butter on the griddle. Crack the remaining eggs into a medium bowl, add the milk and beat to incorporate. Pour the eggs onto the griddle and gently scramble. When they are almost cooked through, turn off the flame, sprinkle on the cheese and blend into the eggs. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the scrambled eggs among the croissant bottoms and top each with 2 slices of crispy bacon and the remaining croissant tops. Serve with a side of the maple syrup and enjoy, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for greasing, 18 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup heavy cream, 18 cup simple syrup equal parts water and sugar simmered together until dissolved, then cooled mixed with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 fresh butter croissants, split horizontally, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 14 cup milk, 12 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 pieces crispy bacon, 12 cup maple syrup], title: Grubs Ooh La La Egg Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 35606: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over low heat, bring 2 quarts of water to a simmer and add the baccala. Cook for 5 minutes, then drain, and set aside in a bowl, to cool.nBring 6 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot over high heat, and add 2 tablespoons salt. Add the cauliflower and cook for 5 minutes, or until tender. Drain and allow to cool.nPlace the cooled cauliflower in a large bowl. Flake the baccala with a fork and add to the cauliflower, along with the parsley, mint, chile, chicory, vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss well to coat and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds baccala salted cod, soaked in several changes of water for 48 hours, 1 head cauliflower, cut into small florets, 1 bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped to yield 14 cup, 1 bunch mint, leaves finely chopped to yield 14 cup, 1 small fresh hot chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 head chicory, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and black pepper], title: Cod Salad: Insalata di Baccala, picturelink: null}, 35607: {instructions: Combine 1 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup bourbon and 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning in a saucepan. Simmer until slightly thick, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Cajun BBQ Sauce, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 35608: {instructions: In a large saute pan or wok over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Add jalapenos, onions and garlic, and saute until fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs and scramble until firm, about 2 minutes Add the rice and combine until well coated with the oil and vegetables, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, bouillon, salt, pepper and parsley. Sprinkle with the lime juice and combine well. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 red jalapenos, seeded and minced, 5 green onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 eggs, beaten, 4 cups cooked white rice, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon granulated chicken bouillon, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, Pinch freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 lime, juiced], title: My Favorite Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 35609: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven 450 degrees F.nAdd the dry ingredients to a large bowl and stir to combine. Cut the cold butter into chunks and cut it into the flour until the dough resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the buttermilk and mix until combined. Chefs Note: If the dough appears dry, add more buttermilk.nTurn the dough onto a floured board and gently roll it out until its about 12inch thick. Using a round cutter, cut the dough into 12 biscuits and arrange them on a cookie sheet.nChefs Note: If you would like them to have soft sides, have the disks touching each other. If you like crispy crusts, arrange them 1inch apart. Bake until the biscuits are golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes.nChicken:nIn a mediumsized pot, add the chicken pieces and enough water to cover. Boil over high heat until the chicken is cooked through, then remove them from the water to a plate.nIn a large pot, over medium heat, add the melted margarine or butter along with the celery, carrots, onions, green peppers, poultry seasoning, and black pepper. Saute until the vegetables become soft. Add the flour and stir continuously to prepare a roux.nTo a large saucepan, add the 4 cups water and the bouillon cubes. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Once the mixture comes to a boil, turn off the heat. Add the vegetable mixture and stir to combine. In another saucepan over low heat, add the milk and condensed cream of mushroom soup and simmer until heated through. Add the milk mixture, the frozen peas and the chicken to the vegetable mixture and simmer for about 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons butter, chilled, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed, 4 cups water, plus more as needed, 6 tablespoons margarine or butter, melted, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 3 carrots, peeled and chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 12 green pepper, chopped, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups water, 4 chicken bouillon cubes, 1 cup milk, 1 10.5ounce can condensed cream of mushroom soup, 4 ounces frozen peas], title: Chicken a la King with Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 35610: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: about 48 mini muffin linersnCombine the gelatin with 2 tablespoons water in a small microwavesafe bowl and set aside to soften, about 5 minutes.nPulse the confectioners sugar and almond flour in a food processor into a fine powder. Add the cream cheese, lemon zest, vanilla and salt and pulse until smooth and creamy. Scrape out the mixture into a large bowl.nMicrowave the gelatin until melted, stirring as needed, about 30 seconds. Add the gelatin to the cream cheese mixture and stir thoroughly to combine. Spread out the mixture in a 9by13inch baking dish and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, stem each strawberry and quarter lengthwise. Cut each quarter into 5 or 6 chunks.nPut the graham cracker crumbs in a shallow bowl. Scoop level tablespoons of the cheesecake and roll into balls dampen your hands with a little water to help. Coat the bottom half of each ball in crumbs, then press the top center in with your thumb to make an indentation. Put a piece of strawberry in each. Garnish each with a mint leaf if using. Store and serve the thumbprints in mini muffin liners. These cookies can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [One 14ounce packet unflavored powdered gelatin, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup almond flour, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 1 or 2 large strawberries, 14 cup graham cracker crumbs, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish, optional], title: NoBake Strawberry Cheesecake Thumbprints, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 35611: {instructions: Make the bombe: Line an 8inch metal or glass bowl with plastic wrap, leaving a 4inch overhang place in the freezer to chill. Cover the outside of a 6inch bowl with plastic wrap. Beat the heavy cream in a medium bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Fold in the vanilla ice cream and mashed bananas. Remove the bowl from the freezer, spoon in the banana ice cream mixture and press it up the sides in an even layer. Press the smaller bowl into the mixture to help keep the shape. Freeze until the ice cream is firm, about 1 12 hours.nLet the chocolate ice cream soften slightly. Remove the smaller bowl and plastic wrap from the larger bowl. Scoop the softened chocolate ice cream into the cavity spread to flatten. Freeze until firm, about 45 minutes.nLet the strawberry ice cream soften slightly, then scoop on top of the chocolate ice cream spread to flatten. Make a large indentation in the center of the strawberry ice cream with the back of a large spoon fill with the cherries and press to flatten. Freeze until firm, 1 to 2 hours.nRemove the bombe from the freezer invert onto a plate and remove the bowl and plastic wrap. If it sticks, run a small spatula around the edge to loosen. Return to the freezer.nMake the toppings: Bring 1 inch of water to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Put the chocolate and coconut oil in a medium heatproof bowl place over the simmering water and stir until the chocolate is melted. Set the bowl aside until the chocolate is slightly thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Slowly pour the chocolate over the bombe, allowing it to drip down the sides. Top with the walnuts. Freeze until the chocolate hardens, 15 minutes. Let stand at room temperature 10 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup cold heavy cream, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened, 2 very ripe bananas, mashed, 1 pint chocolate ice cream, 1 pint strawberry ice cream, 13 cup jarred Morello or sour cherries, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 14 cup chopped walnuts], title: Banana Split Ice Cream Bombe, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 35612: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Sprinkle the chicken with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and add to the hot oil. Cook, stirring, until the chicken is no longer pink on the outside but is not cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon, reserving the oil in the pan.nStir in the squash, celery and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, dill sprigs and 3 cups water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to medium to maintain a steady simmer. Simmer until a knife easily pierces through the squash, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the flour, baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. With your fingertips, cut the butter into the flour until the mixture forms coarse crumbs. Stir in the milk just until a dough forms.nStir the chicken and peas into the broth and bring to a simmer. Drop the dough into the simmering broth by teaspoons, spacing them evenly to make about 16 dumplings. Cover and simmer on medium low for 5 minutes. Uncover and simmer until the dumplings are cooked through, about 3 minutes. Discard the dill sprigs. Top with chopped dill and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 20ounce package peeled and diced butternut squash, 4 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cups lowersodium chicken broth, 2 sprigs dill plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 12 cup white whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut up, 14 cup lowfat 1percent milk, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 35613: {instructions: Rub the rims of 2 martini glasses with a lime wedge, then dip the rims in a dish of course salt. Refrigerate the glasses if desired.nIn a shaker, combine the lime juice, tequila, and orange liqueur. Add ice and shake 10 to 15 seconds, then strain into the prepared glasses., ingredients: [Lime wedges, Coarse salt, 14 cup fresh lime juice, about 1 large lime, 14 cup silver 100 percent agave tequila, 14 cup orange liqueur, 12 cup coarsely cracked ice cubes], title: Topoftheline Margarita, picturelink: null}, 35614: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nWrap the beets tightly in a packet of aluminum foil. Set directly on the oven rack and bake until very tender, 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool the beets in the foil to room temperature. The beets can be prepared to this point up to 1 day in advance. Refrigerate them in their foil, returning them to room temperature before proceeding. Peel the beets and cut them into eighths.nOn a sheet pan, toss the potatoes with the oil. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Toss the potatoes, stirring them occasionally, until they are tender and well browned, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool.nBring a medium pan of water to a boil. Add the artichokes and 2 teaspoons salt and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender when pierced with a fork, about 15 minutes. Drain well and cool. Quarter the artichokes vertically.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and 2 teaspoons salt. Cook until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes after the water returns to a boil. Drain the haricots verts, immediately transfer them to a bowl of iced water and let stand just until cool. Drain well.nPrepare a hot charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill to medium high. When the fire is hot, distribute the wood chips if you are using them. Position the grill rack about 6inches above the heat.nSpread one side of the tuna with half the tapenade. When the fire is hot, lay the fish on the rack, tapenade side down. Cover and grill for 4 minutes. Spread the upper side of the tuna with the remaining tapenade. Turn the fish and grill another 3 to 5 minutes for medium rare, or until done to your liking. Transfer to a cutting board and cool slightly. Remove and discard the skin and cut the tuna into slices that are 2inches long and about 12inch thick. Season generously with freshly ground pepper.nIn a medium bowl, toss the artichokes with 1 tablespoon of the vinaigrette. In a second bowl, toss the potatoes with 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette. In a third bowl, toss the beets and red onions with 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette. In a fourth bowl, toss the tomatoes with 2 tablespoons of the of the vinaigrette. Season each vegetable to taste with salt and pepper and marinate for 30 minutes.nMound the mesclun in the center of a large platter. Spoon the marinated artichokes, potatoes, beets, and tomatoes around, not on, the mesclun. Add the hard cooked egg wedges to the platter and drizzle them with a tablespoon or two of vinaigrette. Arrange the tuna slices over the mesclun and drizzle the fish with 3 tablespoons of vinaigrette. Scatter the olives and arrange the caper berries decoratively over and around the various components and serve immediately. Pass the remaining vinaigrette at the table.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the vingar, mustard, shallot, hot pepper sauce and salt. Continue to whisk while adding the oil in a slow stream the dressing will thicken. Add freshly ground pepper to taste and adjust the seasoning. Use within an hour or so of completion., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beets, top stems and roots trimmed to not less than 12inch, 1 12 pounds small red skinned potatoes, scrubbed, larger potatoes quartered, smaller potatoes halved, 4 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 baby artichokes, tops trimmed, tough outer leaves removed, 12 pound haricots verts, trimmed, 2 cups wood chips, preferably mesquite, optional, 1 12 pounds 1 12inch thick tuna steak, 3 tablespoons store bought black olive tapenade, Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 cup diced red onion, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, trimmed and halved, 12 pound mesclun, 3 hard cooked eggs, shelled and quartered lengthwise, 12 cup drained Nicoise olives, 1 jar, about 8 ounces, caper berries on the stem, drained, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cold pressed extra virgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: My Tuna Salad Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 35615: {instructions: Finely chop 12 cup pecans. In a food processor grind remaining 2 cups pecans with a pinch of salt, occasionally scraping down side of bowl, until pecans release their oil and mixture becomes a smooth paste, about 3 minutes. Transfer pecan paste to a bowl and stir in remaining ingredients until combined well. Form level teaspoons of pecan butter into balls and roll, no more than 2 at a time, in chopped pecans, pressing pecans gently to make adhere. Chill truffles, in layers separated by waxed paper, in an airtight container at least 1 hour, or until firm, and up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups toasted pecan halves, Salt, 3 tablespoons superfine granulated sugar, 13 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: PecanButter Truffles, picturelink: null}, 35616: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnArrange about 4 shrimp on each skewer and add to a 13 by 9inch casserole dish.nAdd the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, smoked paprika, cayenne, Worcestershire, hot sauce, salt and pepper, to taste, to a measuring cup. Whisk well and pour over the shrimp in the casserole. Cover the dish and let the shrimp marinate in refrigerator for 20 minutes.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nGrill the shrimp skewers over mediumhigh heat for about 4 minutes total, flipping once halfway through. Add the baguette to the grill and toast.nRemove the shrimp from the grill and add to the butter sauce, discarding the skewers. Toss to coat the shrimp in the Butter Sauce.nSpread both sides of bread with the Sweet Pickle Mayonnaise and top evenly with the shrimp, shredded lettuce and sliced tomatoes. Slice the baguette in fourths, if desired, and serve immediately.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan on the grill grates. Add the lemon juice, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Stir together with a wooden spoon until well mixed. Remove from heat and set aside.nAdd all the ingredients to a bowl and mix well. Cover and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 23 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 French baguette, sliced lengthwise in 12, Butter Sauce, recipe follows, Sweet Pickle Mayonnaise, recipe follows, Shredded lettuce, for serving, Sliced tomato, for serving, 12 stick salted butter, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, Dash hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Shrimp Po Boy, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 35617: {instructions: Mix the cornmeal, flour, salt, paprika, and pepper together in a shallow dish or plastic container. Pour the milk into another dish. Dip the fillets into the milk, then into the cornmeal mixture, coating them well and shaking off any excess.nHeat 12 the butter in a large skillet over high heat, and fry 2 of the fillets for about 3 minutes on each side, or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. Transfer the fillets to a serving platter and keep warm. Repeat with the remaining butter and fillets. Serve immediately, with tartar sauce and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup milk, 4 8ounce whiting fillets, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Tartar sauce, Lemon wedges], title: B. Smiths CornmealDipped PanFried Whiting, picturelink: null}, 35618: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat and add the broccoli. Blanch until tendercrisp and bright green, about 3 minutes. Drain well and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, garlic, and pecans, and saute until the shallots and garlic are tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep stirring until the butter begins to brown, another 3 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and the broccoli. Using tongs, toss the broccoli with the butter and pecans. Cook, while tossing, until the broccoli is heated through, about 5 to 6 more minutes. Remove from heat and transfer to a serving bowl. Sprinkle with the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds broccoli, cut into florets, 1 stick salted butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 23 cup chopped toasted pecans, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Broccoli with Pecan Brown Butter, picturelink: kfxsuwCb3dCb0AvglxiBN27FVcmlk.}, 35619: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a mandolin or supersharp knife, cut onion into paper thin slices. Clean and slice the mushrooms.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over medium heat add onion and saute until caramelized. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Heat remaining teaspoon of oil in skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms and saute until they release all their liquid and most of it boils away, should take about 5 minutes. Combine caramelized onions with mushrooms and saute together briefly season with salt and pepper. Remove the pan from heat.nUnfold puff pastry onto a floured surface cut in half lengthwise to form 2 long rectangles. Gently roll out each rectangle to approximately 5 by 14 inches and place on cookie sheet. Trim edges by 14inch strips all around set strips aside. Break 1 egg into a small bowl beat slightly. Brush edges of pastry with some of the egg. Use trimmed strips to make a raised border on each. Brush entire surface with remaining beaten egg. Prick the interior of pastry all over with a fork. Bake until pale gold, about 10 minutes. If pastry has puffed up inside edge, press it down gently. Set aside.nMeanwhile, combine remaining eggs with 6 ounces goat cheese and blend until smooth. Spread the mixture onto pastry. Return to oven and bake just until set, about 4 minutes. Add the thyme to the mushroom mixture. Remove cookie sheet from oven and spread with thymemushroom mixture. Crumble remaining cheese on top. Just before serving, broil tarts on low heat for 2 to 3 minutes, until tarts are warm and cheese softens., ingredients: [1 large sweet onion, 16 medium shiitake mushrooms about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, divided, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 4ounce package puff pastry, defrosted according to package directions recommended: Dufour, 3 eggs, divided, 8 ounces goat cheese, divided, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Caramelized Onion, Mushroom and Goat Cheese Tart, picturelink: null}, 35620: {instructions: Butterfly each shrimp by cutting along the back, through the shell, to remove the black vein. Rinse, then spread it wide open, leaving the shell on. Sprinkle with salt and the freshly ground black pepper. Set aside for at least 12 hour.nIn a large, heavy pan, with a tightfitting lid, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken thighs well with salt and pepper, then add to the hot oil, skinside down. Cook for about 2 minutes, or until the skin just begins to brown. Add the chorizo slices and toss with the chicken. Cook for 1 minute. Add the shallots, the garlic, and the string beans. Mix well. Add the rice, stirring to incorporate well and to coat the rice thoroughly with oil. Add the stock and the saffron threads. Stir well. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes.nEmbed the shrimp in the top part of the rice, then scatter the snails and the pimento strips around the shrimp, all in a decorative pattern. Cover and cook for 10 minutes more, or until the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is just cooked. Remove from oven, and cover with a damp tea towel for 10 minutes. Serve at the table out of the pan., ingredients: [34 pound large shrimp about 12, Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground coarse black pepper, 1 tablespoon fruity olive oil, 2 large chicken thighs, boned, cut in quarters, 2 ounces chorizo, sliced fairly thin, 2 large shallots, chopped, 3 medium cloves garlic, chopped, 2 ounces string beans, cut in 12inch lengths, 1 cup shortgrained rice, such as Italian Arborio, 2 14 cups shellfish stock or chicken stock, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 12 large canned snails, 2 pimentos, cut in strips], title: Parsley Paella with Peppered Shrimp, String Beans and Snails, picturelink: null}, 35621: {instructions: Wrap each cube of gorgonzola with a piece of prosciutto, and use to stuff the olives.nCombine the panko, smoked paprika, cayenne and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Mix to blend.nPrepare three plates for breading the olives: one with the flour, one with the beaten egg, and one with the panko mixture. Lightly coat each olive in flour, then dip in egg, and finally roll in breadcrumbs. Set the breaded olives on a sheet of parchment as you go.nIn a heavy pot or Dutch oven, heat 2 to 3 inches of oil to 350 degrees F over moderate heat. Working in batches, fry the olives until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Watch the olives closely if cooked for too long, the cheese will begin to ooze out. With a slotted spoon, transfer the fried olives to a papertowellined plate to drain. Let cool slightly before serving. Garnish with the parsley and Parmesan., ingredients: [14 pound smoked gorgonzola cheese, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 to 3 thin slices prosciutto, cut into 1inch squares, 24 large, green pitted olives, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, pulsed in a food processor, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, Canola oil, for deep frying, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley flatleaf, for garnish, 14 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Bangin Blue Olives with Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 35622: {instructions: Poke holes in the cake with a fork all over. Pour topping mixture over cake. Let mixture absorb completely in refrigerator.nCover with whipped cream or cool whip and sprinkle sweetened coconut over top of cake., ingredients: [1 yellow cake mix with pudding baked as directed in 13 by 9inch pan, 1 can evaporated milk, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 pint heavy whipping cream, 12 cup rum or to taste, Whipped cream, to cover cake, 5 ounces sweetened coconut], title: Tres Leches: Three Milk Cake, picturelink: null}, 35623: {instructions: In a medium size saute pan, place butter, brown sugar, pears, and cinnamon, and cook until the pears are fork tender. When cooked, remove from the heat and set aside to cool, about 30 minutes.nTo prepare the blood orange sauce: In small saucepan combine cream, sugar, and blood orange juice, bring to a simmer and reduce by half. Remove from the heat and let cool.nPreheat a fryer to 350 degrees F.nTo make the rolls, crack the egg into a small bowl and gently stir with a fork. Lay out each spring roll sheet and brush them with the egg wash around corners of the wrapper. Place 12 of the pear mixture in the center of a wrapper, and roll wrapper, pinching sides when finished. Repeat with remaining pear mixture and spring roll wrapper. Carefully place the rolls in the fryer for about 1 minute or until desired crispness. To plate, place sauce in middle of plate, cut rolls on a slant and place on each other. Garnish with orange zest, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 anjou pears, cored and sliced thinly, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 blood oranges, sectioned, crushed and strained for the juice, 1 large egg, 2 large spring roll wrappers, Orange zest, for garnish optional], title: Caramelized Pear Spring Roll with Blood Orange Cream Sauc, picturelink: null}, 35624: {instructions: HEAT grill to mediumhigh heat.nGRILL chicken and onions 8 min., turning onions frequently. Transfer onions to bowl. Turn chicken grill 7 to 9 min. or until done 165F, turning occasionally.nCUT chicken into strips. Add barbecue sauce to onions toss to coat.nFILL bread slices with chicken, cheese and onions.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a fruit salad and assorted cutup fresh vegetables.nSubstitute: Prepare using whole wheat hamburger buns., ingredients: [4 small boneless skinless chicken breasts 1 lb., 1 small onion, cut into 12inch thick slices, 13 cup KRAFT THICK N SPICY Original Barbecue Sauce, 8 slices Italian bread each 14 thick, toasted, 4 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Bacon Cheddar Cheese Slices], title: CheddarBacon BBQ Chicken Breast Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 35625: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a baking rack on a sheet pan and arrange the bacon in 1 layer on the baking rack. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the bacon begins to brown. Remove the pan carefully from the oven there will be hot grease in the pan Brush the bacon slices with maple syrup and bake for another 3 to 5 minutes, until the bacon is a warm golden brown. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and serve warm., ingredients: [34 pound thickcut smoked bacon 16 slices, 1 to 2 tablespoons good maple syrup], title: MapleRoasted Bacon, picturelink: sn3dJCiu3bzuV84rT7motl7R.2VG2}, 35626: {instructions: Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. When it boils, add pasta and cook as indicated on box.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add prosciutto and cook, stirring occasionally, until prosciutto is crisp, about 5 minutes. Add asparagus and toss to coat evenly. Let cook until asparagus just starts to get browned on the edges, about 3 minutes.nRemove 12 cup of the pasta cooking water. Add a few tablespoons of the water to the asparagus mixture, stir, scraping the bottom of the pan to incorporate browned bits, and remove from heat. Drain pasta and return to pot off heat, add remaining reserved pasta cooking water, asparagus, SpinachRicotta Dip, and stir until thoroughly coated. Taste and adjust seasoning, as desired. Serve immediately.nIn a large frying pan, heat oil over medium heat. When oil shimmers, add pine nuts and cook until they make a popping noise and start to brown, about 1 minute. Stir in garlic and onion and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer onion mixture to a food processor fitted with a blade, add in remaining ingredients, and process until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning, as necessary., ingredients: [1 pound orecchiette or penne pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 ounces prosciutto, cut into 2inch strips, 12 ounces asparagus, trimmed and sliced thinly on bias about 2 cups, 34 cup SpinachRicotta Dip, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed, 12 cup fresh ricotta, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: SpinachRicotta Pesto Pasta with Crisp Prosciutto and Asparagus, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 35627: {instructions: Heat a Belgianstyle waffle iron. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Stir in buttermilk, melted butter, and eggs until smooth. The batter will be thick.nSpray waffle iron with cooking spray. Ladle about 14 cup batter into each section of the waffle grid spread batter almost to the edges. Close lid bake 3 minutes, until no steam emerges from waffle iron.nTransfer cooked waffles to a baking sheet place in a preheated oven set to low heat, about 200 degrees F, while using the remaining batter.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons brownsugar butter. Add bananas, and saute until softened and golden brown, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Add nuts. Remove skillet from heat, carefully add Grand Marnier, and ignite. Allow alcohol to burn off. Continue to saute until the bananas and nuts are well coated.nSplit waffles in half. Place 1 half on plate. Spoon 14 of the banana mixture over waffle. Top with remaining waffle. Spoon another 14 of the banana mixture over waffle. Dust with confectioners sugar and spoon half of the chocolate over the waffles. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nIn a small bowl, combine butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add cream, and whisk until creamy and well combined.nYield: 34 cupnCombine nuts and maple syrup in small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and continue to cook until syrup begins to coat nuts, about 30 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, heat canola oil to 350 degrees F. Strain nuts to remove any excess syrup. Transfer to a baking sheet to cool. Fry nuts until crispy and any excess caramel is removed. Remove to a baking sheet lined with a silpat a French nonstick baking mat see Sources or oiled parchment paper. Let cool.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons Brown Sugar Butter, plus more for garnish, recipe follows, 4 ripe bananas, sliced 14inch thick, 2 cups Candied Nuts, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 12 cup melted bittersweet chocolate 3 ounces, preferably Valrhona, Vegetableoil cooking spray, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons lightbrown sugar, 1 teaspoon heavy cream, 23 cup walnuts, 23 cup hazelnuts, blanched, 23 cup macadamia nuts, 2 12 cups pure maple syrup, 3 cups canola oil], title: Chocolate Banana Waffle Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 35628: {instructions: Grate the ginger on a coarse grater you can leave the skin on if you like. Put the ginger with its pulpy juice in to a bowl and sprinkle in your muscovado sugar.nRemove the rind from 2 of your lemons with a vegetable peeler, add to the bowl, and slightly bash and squash with something heavy like a rolling pin or a pestle. Just do this for 10 seconds, to mix up the flavours.nSqueeze the juice from all 3 lemons and add most of it to the bowl. Pour in the fizzy water.nAllow to sit for 10 minutes and then taste. You may feel that the lemons are slightly too sour, therefore add a little more sugar if its slightly too sweet, add a little more lemon juice.nPass the ginger beer through a coarse sieve in to a large jug and add lots of ice and some sprigs of mint., ingredients: [5 ounces 140 grams fresh ginger, 4 tablespoons muscovado sugar, 2 to 3 lemons, 1 34 pints 1 liter soda water or sparkling mineral water, Sprigs of fresh mint], title: Easy Peasy Ginger Beer, picturelink: null}, 35629: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the butter and oil. Add the onion, zucchini, and mushrooms. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring often, until the vegetables are softened and lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Add the scallops, shrimp and seafood seasoning and cook, stirring, until the seafood is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat.nAdd the cracker crumbs and season to taste with salt and pepper. The stuffing can be made up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Leftover stuffing can be frozen. Bring to room temperature or take the chill off in the microwave before stuffing the fish.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush a large glass baking dish generously with melted butter.nSeason the fish fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. Arrange 4 of the fillets in the baking dish. Cover with stuffing, pressing it in to make an even layer, and top with the remaining fillets. If some of the seafood stuffing spills out into the dish, thats fine. Brush the fish with melted butter.nBake in the preheated oven until the fish is opaque in its thickest part and the stuffing is heated through, 20 to 30 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish. Garnish with lemon wedges for squeezing over the fish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 small zucchini, unpeeled and chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh mushrooms, 12 pound sea scallops, chopped, 12 pound small salad size peeled and deveined shrimp if using larger shrimp, coarsely chop, 1 12 teaspoons seafood seasoning blend recommended: Old Bay, 1 34 cups crushed cracker crumbs about 1 14 sleeves of crackers recommended: Ritz, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 thin lemon sole or other whitefish fillets, such as haddock about 2 pounds total, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Lemon wedges], title: Baked Stuffed Lemon Sole, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 35630: {instructions: In a large pot, combine first four ingredients with enough water to submerge crabs. Do not submerge crabs at this point. Bring liquid to a simmer and add crabs headfirst to water. Cook the 1 12 to 2 12pound crabs about 15 minutes, and the 3pound crabs about 20 minutes. Strain cooked crabs into a colander and rinse briefly under cool water. Serve with Drawn Butter, Tarragon Aioli and Aioli with Piment dEspelette.nIn a small pan over low heat, melt butter and skim any solids that rise to the top. Pour butter into ramekins for use tableside, leaving behind any milk solids that have settled to the bottom of the pan.nIn the base of a blender or food processor, whirl garlic cloves, tarragon leaves and egg yolk to create a creamy blend. Add lemon zest and juice and blend again. With machine running, slowly drizzle in olive oil to create an emulsified, creamy consistency. Avoid adding oil too quickly or vinaigrette will separate. Add a teaspoon of water when emulsion becomes tight and then continue to add oil. Season to taste with salt and fresh pepper.nPlace garlic, lemon juice, and salt in the bowl of a food processor process to combine. Add egg and, with the motor running, slowly add oils until mixture is thickened and emulsified. Stir in piment dEspelette and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 Tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 Tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 sprigs rosemary, Water, as needed, 4 live Dungeness crabs, each 1 12 to 2 12 pounds or 3 pounds, Drawn Butter, for serving, recipe follows, Tarragon Aioli, for serving, recipe follows, Aioli with Piment dEspelette, for serving, recipe follows, 12 c. butter, 2 small cloves garlic, 14 c. fresh tarragon leaves, removed from stem, 1 egg yolk, 1 lemon, juice and zest reserved, 34 c. plus 2 T. extravirgin olive oil, Water, as needed, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, 2 T. freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tsp. coarse salt, 1 large egg yolk, 12 c. plus 1 T. olive oil, 12 c. plus 1 T. canola oil, 2 tsp. piment dEspelette], title: Dungeness Crab Boil, picturelink: null}, 35631: {instructions: Cook shrimp in a 4quart saucepan of boiling salted water until just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes, then drain in a colander and cool.nCut peel and white pith from limes with a sharp knife and discard. Cut lime segments free from membranes, then finely chop enough segments to measure 14 cup. Mince enough lemongrass from bottom 6 inches of stalks to measure 2 tablespoons total.nStir together chopped lime, minced lemongrass, lime juice, bell pepper, scallions, chiles, fish sauce to taste, sugar, and salt until sugar is dissolved. Toss shrimp, tomatoes, and cucumbers with dressing and top with herbs., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp in shell 21 to 25 per pound, peeled, 2 limes, 3 small fresh lemongrass stalks, 1 or 2 outer leaves discarded, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 3 scallions, sliced crosswise 14inch thick, 2 3inch fresh green chiles such as Thai or serrano, minced including seeds, 3 to 4 teaspoons Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 1inch wedges, 34 pounds cucumbers, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup loosely packed fresh Thai anise basil leaves, 12 cup loosely packed fresh Thai lemon basil leaves, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves], title: ThaiStyle Tomato and Shrimp Salad, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 35632: {instructions: Prepare the cake mix as the label directs for a 9by13inch cake. Bake and let cool 15 minutes in the pan on a rack, then transfer the cake to the rack to cool completely.nTrim the domed top of the cake with a long serrated knife to make it level. Cut the cake in half horizontally to make 2 layers. Trim a 34inch strip from each long side reserve the strips and trimmings.nCut the carton off the ice cream and set the ice cream block on a cutting board. Slice lengthwise into thirds.nArrange the ice cream on the bottom layer of the cake. Let soften, then smooth with an offset spatula to cover the cake, leaving a 34inch border on the long sides.nPress 1 reserved strip of cake against each long side of the ice cream layer. Reserve the remaining 2 strips of cake. Place the second cake layer on top of the ice cream. Freeze 1 hour.nCut off a corner of the frozen cake to look like a bite. Remove the ice cream from the trimmed bite and reserve the cake trimmings. Return the cake to the freezer.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Crumble the reserved cake strips and trimmings on a baking sheet. Bake, tossing occasionally, until golden, 10 minutes. Let cool, then crumble together with the freezedried strawberries.nFinely crush 1 tablespoon of the strawberrycrumb mixture combine with 1 tablespoon frosting to make it pink. Cover the whole cake with the remaining white frosting. Press the strawberrycrumb mixture into the frosting, without covering the bite or the opposite short side.nSpread the pink frosting inside the bite. Add a line of crumb mixture at the bottom of the bite. Freeze until firm, at least 15 minutes. Insert a wooden spatula handle or large craft stick into the cake before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 16 to 18ounce box vanilla cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 1.5quart rectangular carton strawberry ice cream, 1 1.2ounce bag freezedried strawberries, crumbled 1 12 cups, 1 16ounce tub white frosting], title: Strawberry Crunch Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 35633: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil potatoes in salted water until very tender about 20 minutes. Cut the florets off the broccoli and add to boiling potatoes, about 7 minutes. Drain and place back into pot.nHeat the milk, cream, and butter in a small saucepan. Pour sauce into the potatoes and broccoli, mash together. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 pounds Yukon gold or russet potatoes, quartered, 2 about 6 cups broccoli heads, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 stick butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Potatoes and Broccoli, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 35634: {instructions: Who can resist peanut butter I like to add a little pizzazz to my recipes, especially meat dishes, by adding a dab or two of some good ole peanut butter. For some mouth appeal, I have added to this recipe some chopped pecans. This sauce goes great with chicken and beef dishesnSlightly warm peanut butter in microwave for easy incorporation. Be careful not to burn or scald.nIn medium mixing bowl, combine all other ingredients. Mix well.nSlowly incorporate peanut butter and mix until well blended.nSauce will be slightly thicker than traditional BBQ sauce. Refrigerate leftover sauce in tightly sealed container., ingredients: [14 C. peanut butter, 1 34 C. ketchup, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 dashes light soy sauce, 2 teaspoons dried cilantro, Pinch of dried thyme, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Crushed red pepper, to taste, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 c. finely chopped pecans], title: Pbq Barbeque Goo, picturelink: null}, 35635: {instructions: Carefully drag a vegetable peeler the length of the zucchini to create long strands. Discard centers with the seeds.nHeat a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat with the butter. Add the zucchini and quickly toss to coat with the butter. Add parsley, thyme, oregano, and lemon pepper. Toss again and warm through, about 1 minute. Add the egg noodles. Toss once again until pasta is warmed through but zucchini remains crisp tender. Taste and adjust flavor with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with Parmesan. Toss again and serve warm., ingredients: [2 large zucchini, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper, 4 ounces egg noodles, cooked and drained, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon Parmesan, freshly grated], title: Herbed Zucchini Noodles, picturelink: null}, 35636: {instructions: Whisk 12 cup water, the hoisin sauce, honey, ketchup, soy sauce and sambal oelek in a medium bowl. Season the beef all over with the Chinese fivespice powder, salt and pepper. Combine the carrots and turnip in a 6 to 8quart slow cooker. Add the beef and top with the hoisin mixture turn to coat. Cover and cook on low until the beef is very tender, 7 12 hours.nRemove the vegetables to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Shred the beef with two forks stir in the sauce to coat. Serve the beef with the vegetables and rice top with scallions.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup honey, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek or other Asian chili sauce, 1 2pound boneless beef chuck roast, halved lengthwise, 2 teaspoons Chinese fivespice powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 turnip, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, Cooked white rice, for serving optional, Sliced scallions, for topping], title: SlowCooker Chinese Barbecue Beef, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 35637: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the venison with salt. Heat oil in an ovensafe saute pan over high heat. When oil is hot, add venison and gently caramelize the venison on both sides. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the venison is rare to mediumrare 125 degrees F. When done, transfer the venison to a rack and let rest for 5 minutes reserve the pan juices. Cut venison into 8 medallions. In the center of each plate, place a portion of the Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw. Place 2 venison medallions on top of the slaw. Next to the slaw, place 1 persimmon cylinder, with some Hedgehog Mushrooms on both sides. Drizzle pan juices from the venison around the plate. Sprinkle the venison with fleur de sel.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the venison with salt. Heat oil in an ovensafe saute pan over high heat. When oil is hot, add venison and gently caramelize the venison on both sides. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the venison is rare to mediumrare 125 degrees F. When done, transfer the venison to a rack and let rest for 5 minutes reserve the pan juices. Cut venison into 8 medallions. In the center of each plate, place a portion of the Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw. Place 2 venison medallions on top of the slaw. Next to the slaw, place 1 persimmon cylinder, with some Hedgehog Mushrooms on both sides. Drizzle pan juices from the venison around the plate. Sprinkle the venison with fleur de sel.nDice the foie gras into a mediumsize dice and set aside. Peel the celery root and then grate it on a cheese grater. In a medium sized pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the grated celery root and saute until almost tender. Season, to taste, with salt. When the celery root is almost cooked, add the foie gras and gently fold the foie gras into the celery root. Then add the chopped celery leaves and season to taste. Chefs Note: The foie gras and celery leaves do not need to cook through once added. The entire cooking time on the Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw should be 3 to 5 minutes.nCut off the top and bottom of the persimmons and then cut each in half so each persimmon makes 2 cylinders. Season the persimmon with salt. In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the persimmons and lightly caramelize on both sides.nThoroughly clean the mushrooms with a towel, rubbing them to remove all of the dirt. In a medium pan over mediumhigh heat, warm the oil. Add the shallots and cook until translucent. Add the mushrooms and season with salt cook for 2 minutes or until tender., ingredients: [1 4 to 5ounce venison loin, Salt, 1ounce vegetable oil, Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw, recipe follows, Persimmon Cylinders, recipe follows, Hedgehog Mushrooms, recipe follows, Fleur de Sel, for garnish, 8 ounces grade A foie gras, 2 medium celery roots, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, 12 cup chopped fresh celery leaves, 2 persimmons, Salt, 1 ounce butter, 8 ounces Hedgehog mushrooms, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, minced, Salt], title: Roasted Venison with Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw, Hedgehog Mushrooms and Persimmon, picturelink: null}, 35638: {instructions: Pour over ice in a rocks glass. Try with Kahlua Hazelnut, French Vanilla or Mocha. For a skinny white russian, add skim or soy milk., ingredients: [2 parts Kahlua, 1 part vodka, Add cream or milk], title: Kahlua White Russian, picturelink: c4Yeb95tCsU6.1PL3d4fov5waa5TL6}, 35639: {instructions: Slice polenta into 15, 12inch rounds.nPlace polenta slices on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nBroil each side on low until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from oven, let cool.nOnce polenta has cooled, top each with a tomato, avocado and Fresh Mozzarella slice and a spoonful of cilantro pesto., ingredients: [18 oz. precooked polenta, Salt and pepper, Extra virgin olive oil, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 2 avocados, sliced, 16 oz. BelGioioso Fresh Mozzarella cheese, sliced, Cilantro pesto recipe below, Cilantro Pesto:, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 cups fresh cilantro, lightly packed, 14 cup BelGioioso Parmesan cheese, grated, 14 cup olive oil, 2 Tbsp. lemon juice, 12 tsp. salt, 12 tsp. freshly ground black pepper], title: Fresh Mozzarella Cilantro Pesto Polenta Bites, picturelink: gzYyvaccD4mQUhfom.PeAzW0ojDujYm}, 35640: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake or muffin pan with 24 regularsize cupcake liners.nMeasure all the ingredients accurately. Bring all the ingredients to room temperature. Place the butter in the mixing bowl. With the paddle attachment, beat the butter slowly until it is smooth and creamy. Add the brown sugar cream the mixture at moderate speed until the mixture is light and fluffy, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the eggs one at a time. After each addition, beat until the eggs are incorporated before adding more. After the eggs are fully incorporated, mix until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, sift the cake flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda and nutmeg together. Be sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl to ensure even mixing. Then add onequarter of the sifted dry ingredients to the butter mixture. Mix just until blended. Mix the milk and banana puree. Add approximately onethird of the liquids. Mix just until blended in. Repeat until all ingredients are incorporated.nFill the cupcake liners half full with batter and bake until golden and baked through, about 35 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nTo assemble: Cut the center out of each cupcake and fill with the French Banana Buttercream. Dip the top of the cupcake in the Chocolate Ganache. Generously frost the top of each cupcake with the Italian Meringue Buttercream Frosting.nCombine the sugar and 14 cup water in a saucepan. Dissolve the sugar. Boil until it reaches 240 degrees F.nWhile the syrup is boiling, bet the yolks with an electric mixer with a wire whip until thick and light.nWhen the syrup reaches temperature, pour it very slowly into the beaten yolks while whipping constantly. Continue to beat until the mixture is completely cool and the yolks are very thick and light.nWhip in the butter a little at a time, adding it just as fast as its absorbed by the mixture.nBeat in the vanilla and banana puree. If the icing is too soft, refrigerate until it is firm enough to spread.nPut the chocolate chips in a heatproof bowl. In a saucepan, heat the heavy cream to a simmer. Once a simmer is reached, pour over the chocolate chips. Using a whisk, whip until smooth and creamy.nCombine 1 cup sugar and 12 cup water in a saucepan. Boil to reach 230 degrees F. Leave it alone. Cook over medium heat.nWhile the syrup is boiling, using a whip attachment, start beating the egg whites and cream of tartar in a mixing bowl. Once peaks begin to form, add the remaining 14 cup sugar to make the peaks stiff.nWhen the syrup reaches temperature, slowly pour it into the beaten egg whites while whipping constantly with the mixer on the lowest speed. Beat on high until cool, about 5 minutes.nTurn down to mediumlow speed and add the butter on the sides and scrape. Turn to high and beat until you have a smooth texture. Add the vanilla and chocolate ganache., ingredients: [3 sticks butter, 3 12 cups brown sugar, 6 eggs, 3 12 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 cups milk, 5 ripe pureed bananas, French Banana Buttercream, recipe follows, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Italian Meringue Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 3 egg yolks, 2 12 sticks butter, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 ripe banana, pureed, 1 pound chocolate chips, 12 ounces heavy cream, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 cups egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 4 sticks butter, cubed, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons chocolate ganache], title: Chocolate Banana Cupcakes, picturelink: 7UThF24OqmVuOzYg4goxvSakXy2u}, 35641: {instructions: Begin by making the dough so it has time to rest and rise. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, or in a mixing bowl, combine the yeast, sugar and warm water and stir gently to dissolve. Let the mixture stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, 5 to 10 minutes.nIf youre using a mixer, turn the mixer on low, add the salt and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until the flour has been incorporated. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium and let it go until the dough gathers into a ball. This should take about 5 minutes. Stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Get a feel for the dough as youre making it by squeezing a small amount together between your thumb and fingers. If its crumbly, add more water, if its sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and fold it over itself a few times, kneading until its smooth and elastic. Form the dough into a round and put it into a lightly oiled bowl, turning it over to coat the dough entirely with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot i.e., over a gas pilot light until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat an outdoor gas or charcoal barbecue and get it very hot. Brush the grates with oil to keep the sausages from sticking. Grill the sausages until cooked through, turning with tongs. Set aside. Keep the grill hot to make the pizza. Roll or pat the dough into a rustic, oblong shape, about 14inch thick  do this directly on a lightly floured pizza paddle for ease. Brush the crust with a thin layer of olive oil, and lay oil side down onto the hot grill. Once the dough looks set, in about 2 minutes, turn the crust over.nNow prepare the topping. Cut up the tomatoes and add to a large mixing bowl. Add the garlic and basil. Crumble in the sausage. Rip the mozzarella into pieces with your hands and add that too along with some extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, add the salad mix and toss to combine.nOnce the crust is set and cooked, transfer it to a platter. Scoop up the salad mix in your hands and spread it evenly over the top. Sprinkle with a good dusting of ParmigianoReggiano and finish with a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 packages active dry yeast, 2 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups warm 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 pounds sweet Italian sausage, links, 2 pints red cherry tomatoes, 2 pints yellow cherry tomatoes, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 bunch fresh basil, 4 8ounce balls of fresh mozzarella di bufala, drained, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bag fresh salad mix, 1 chunk ParmigianoReggiano, equal to 1 12 cups grated], title: Grilled Focaccia with Mozarella Di Bufala, Sweet Italian Sausage, and Fresh Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 35642: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernFor the soup: In a large pot, heat the butter and oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, garlic and onions and stir and cook for 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes, broth, parsley and 1 cup water and stir. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover the pot and simmer for 15 minutes.nUse an immersion blender to puree the mixture, still leaving some texture to the tomatoes. Add the cream, basil and some salt and pepper, and simmer for another 5 minutes.nFor the croutons: Drizzle the baguette rounds lightly with olive oil. Place little piles of Parmesan in a nonstick skillet. Place a baguette round on top of each pile. Turn on the heat to medium. Press with a spatula as you melt the cheese into each round. When set, flip to the other side to toast.nServe the soup with 1 or 2 croutons on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 large carrots, peeled and finely diced, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp grater, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Three 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, 4 cups vegetable or chicken broth, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 baguette, sliced into rounds, Olive oil, for drizzling, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Tomato Soup With Parmesan Croutons, picturelink: KfbssKeg9OUAuSqUQly4ikYDLaJEC8u}, 35643: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 2 2 12inch widemouth canning jars with a paper towel dipped in shortening.nSift flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, and baking soda into a large bowl. Using the electric mixer and a medium mixing bowl, cream together the shortening and sugar on low speed, then increase to medium mixing speed to mix well. While the mixer is running, add the eggs, one at a time. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides. Remove the bowl from the mixer and stir in the applesauce. With a large spoon, stir in the sifted flour mixture and the walnuts. Pour the batter into a measuring cup with a spout pour the batter neatly into greased jars. Fill the jars halfway full. Place the filled jars on the sheet tray and bake on the center rack of the oven for 45 minutes. When done, the top of the cake will spring back when pressed with a finger, and the sides will have come away from the jar. Remove from oven and let cool 10 to 15 minutes. Cake will still be warm, but not hot. Place a circle of waxed paper on top of the jar and seal with the jar lid. Place carefully so as not to break the glass., ingredients: [3 13 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 112 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon allspice, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 23 cups vegetable shortening, 2 13 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 cups applesauce, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Apple Cake in a Jar, picturelink: null}, 35644: {instructions: Pour the vodka, sake, and pineapple juice into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorouslynGarnish the rim of a martini glass with 1 raspberry and drop a mint leaf into the glass.nPour through a cocktail strainer into the prepared glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 shot 1.5 ounces vodka, 1 shot 1.5 ounces sake, 14 cup pineapple juice, Ice, as needed, 2 raspberries, 1 fresh mint leaf], title: Serenas Saketini, picturelink: 6up3gGwpGgSqmaTpz4NrvN7mLwnCZQ2}, 35645: {instructions: In a large bowl sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.nBeat the eggs with the buttermilk and melted butter. Combine the dry and the wet ingredients into a lumpy batter, being careful not to over mix, see Cooks Note.nHeat some butter in a skillet over medium heat. Spoon 13 cup of batter into the skillet and sprinkle the top with some of the blueberries. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nServe with a dollop of whipped cream and maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 214 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, plus some for frying, 1 cup blueberries, fresh or frozen, Serving suggestions: whipped cream and maple syrup.], title: Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 35646: {instructions: Place the salt, sugar, New Mexican chile powder, granulated onion, smoked paprika, Spanish paprika, coriander, cumin, juniper, pepper, savory, cayenne, celery seed and chipotle in bowl and mix until well combined.nPlace the pork butt into a deep half hotel pan with the onions and garlic. Rub the pork butt with 1 cup of the spice mixture and mix with the onions and garlic. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and rest overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFill the pan twothirds with water and then cover with a layer of parchment and then a layer of foil. Slow roast the pork butt until fork tender, 7 to 8 hours.nCool the pork to handle and then shred the meat., ingredients: [1 pound smoked salt, 5 ounces dark brown sugar, 4 ounces New Mexican chile powder, 4 ounces granulated onion, 4 ounces smoked paprika, 4 ounces Spanish paprika, 2 12 ounces ground coriander, 1 12 ounces ground cumin, 1 12 ounces ground juniper, 1 12 ounces ground black pepper, 1 12 ounces dried savory, Pinch cayenne, Pinch ground celery seed, Pinch chipotle pepper powder, One 5 to 6pound pork butt, 1 large onion, julienned, Small handful garlic], title: FiveChile Pulled Pork, picturelink: P1WxqfMZSpcZ5.6y3MWnpEViYtz7yXe}, 35647: {instructions: Bring broth and butter to a boil. Add rice and stir to combine. Bring liquid back to a boil then reduce heat and simmer, 15 minutes.nAdd bell pepper and chopped, defrosted, drained broccoli. Cook rice with broccoli and pepper another 2 to 3 minutes. Fluff with fork and serve., ingredients: [2 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup white rice, 14 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 box chopped frozen broccoli, defrosted and squeezed dry in kitchen towel], title: Broccoli Rice, picturelink: wV63aNFR.TNKmhShjQsGYsKnJSjak2}, 35648: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter in saucepan and cook chopped onion until tender. Stir in celery and carrots and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 2 minutes. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Add potatoes and simmer until tender. Stir in turkey, parsley and peas. Pour mixture into casserole. Top with pie crust and brush with egg. Bake for 30 minutes until crust is golden., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 3 carrots, chopped, 4 tablespoons flour, 4 cups chicken or turkey stock, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 cups shredded turkey, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 prepared pie crust, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Turkey Pot Pie, picturelink: RgZhkcvWbEIaBkNjjgLyC16LcxTiGy}, 35649: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together oil, vinegar, garlic, mustard, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. On a platter arrange tomato slices alternately with mozzarella and top with basil. Drizzle salad with vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon English dry mustard, 14 teaspoon sugar, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 2 large vineripened tomatoes, cut into 14inchthick slices, 12 pound mozzarella cheese preferrably fresh, cut into 14inchthick slices, 10 large fresh basil leaves, sliced thin], title: Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil Salad, picturelink: null}, 35650: {instructions: In a shaker with ice, add Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka and Godiva Original Liqueur. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with shaved chocolate optional., ingredients: [0.75 oz. Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, 0.75 oz. Godiva Original Liqueur, 0.25 oz. shavings of chocolate], title: Chocolate Martini, picturelink: null}, 35651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a serving bowl, drizzle the arugula with the oil, squeeze in the lemon juice, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss until well mixed and taste for seasoning. Use a vegetable peeler to shave thin pieces of Parmigiano over the top., ingredients: [2 bunches arugula, washed, dried, and torn, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A chunk of ParmigianoReggiano], title: Arugula Salad with Olive Oil, Lemon, and Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: D8pqDyDP74iqL2feiCU7Hg9Tglmk9a.}, 35652: {instructions: Dredge the cutlets in the flour mixture, shaking off the excess.nIn a heavy skillet, heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, and saute the cutlets for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until they are golden brown on the edges and cooked through. Plate cutlets and keep them warm.nAdd the broth, vinegar, chili powder, cayenne, and salt, to the skillet, deglazing over moderately high heat, scraping up the brown bits. Stir in the tomatoes, scallions, and jalapenos. Cook the sauce until it is thickened, pour it over the cutlets, and sprinkle the cutlets with the peanuts and the cilantro., ingredients: [4 turkey cutlets about 12 pound each, pounded to about 14inch thick, 23 cup allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and cayenne, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 23 cup lowsalt chicken broth, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Cayenne, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped, 4 scallions, minced, 2 fresh or pickled jalapenos, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 2 tablespoons chopped dryroasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro], title: Turkey Cutlets with Pan Salsa, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 35653: {instructions: For the sauce: Combine the sugar, tamari, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil and ginger in a small bowl. Whisk until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside.nFor the noodles: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and stir to help submerge them. Cook until the noodles are just barely cooked, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water. Using kitchen shears or a clean pair of scissors, cut the noodles into approximately 8inch lengths. Set aside.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the oyster and shiitake mushrooms and cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, for about 5 minutes, or until the mushrooms are beginning to brown. Add the shallots and 14 teaspoon salt and cook until fragrant, another 2 minutes. Add the red pepper, garlic and scallions to the pan, reduce the heat to mediumhigh and cook for an additional 3 minutes, or until the peppers are beginning to soften. Add the kale and the cooked noodles and saute another 3 minutes, stirring often to coat the noodles in the oil and to wilt the kale. Add the sauce and toss to coat. Top with sesame seeds if desired., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 13 cup tamari or soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoons grated ginger, Kosher salt, 12 ounces sweet potato vermicelli, cellophane noodles or angel hair pasta, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 ounces oyster mushrooms, sliced into 1inch pieces, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps quartered, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 14inch strips, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely chopped, 3 scallions, cut into 12inch pieces, 6 leaves kale, cut into 1inch pieces, Sesame seeds, toasted, for garnish, optional], title: Vegetarian Korean Noodles Japchae, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 35654: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the oil, lemon juice, garlic and rosemary in a large baking dish. Add the chickens and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour, or up to 4 hours.nPreheat the grill to medium. Wrap 4 bricks in aluminum foil and set aside. Remove the chickens from the marinade, blot off excess oil, and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the chickens on the grill, skinside down, and place 2 bricks on top of each chicken. Grill the chicken for 8 to 10 minutes, then turn over, and return the bricks to the chickens. Close the cover and continue cooking for 8 to 10 minutes or until cooked through. Let rest for 10 minutes and cut into quarters. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 3pound chickens, butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Rosemary Bricked Grilled Chicken, picturelink: fUEcMoBT.tV8Nr6Qr7VIfZmAST3hk0e}, 35655: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.nIn a food processor mix the flour, mustard, salt and baking powder. Add the butter and process until the butter is pebble in sized pieces. Add the cheese and process. Add almost all of the milk and process until it comes together in a soft dough do not overprocess. If dough is dry, add more milk.nPat the dough out to 12inch thickness. Cut into square shaped biscuits or with a cutter or glass cut into 2 12inch rounds. Set on a baking sheet and bake for 15 to 17 minutes., ingredients: [1 34 cups all purpose flour, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, chilled, 1 cup shredded extra sharp Cheddar cheese, About 23 cup of milk], title: Cheese Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 35656: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nPour 12 cup water into a microwavesafe glass bowl and bring to a boil. In a large bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt and whisk until combined. Add the milk, vegetable oil, vanilla, egg and boiling water and whisk to combine. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue to whisk until all the ingredients are fully incorporated.nFill the liners threequarters full with the batter and bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting.nFor the vanilla bean cream filling: Combine the granulated sugar, salt and egg whites in the bowl of a heavyduty stand mixer and set the bowl over a medium saucepan of gently simmering water. Whisk until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is frothy and smooth and registers 160 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the bowl to the mixer and beat on high speed with a whisk attachment until the mixture has cooled completely and formed stiff and glossy peaks, about 7 minutes. With the mixer running, add the butter one piece at a time. Continue beating until all of the butter is incorporated and the mixture looks smooth. Separate out 1 cup of the buttercream and add the vanilla bean paste. Set aside for filling the cupcakes.nFor the espresso buttercream: Add the confectioners sugar and espresso to the remaining buttercream and beat on low speed with a paddle attachment until smooth.nFor the chocolate shell: In small microwavesafe bowl, combine the chocolate and oil. Microwave on medium heat for 1 12 minutes, stirring halfway through. Cool completely before using.nTo assemble: Cut out a hole in each cupcake and fill with some vanilla bean cream filling. Frost each cupcake with some espresso buttercream. Refrigerate for about 15 minutes, and then dip half of each cupcake in the chocolate shell. Refrigerate again for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 egg, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 egg whites, 18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks salted butter, softened and cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup strongly brewed espresso coffee, cooled, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: His and Hers Tuxedo Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 35657: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together salt, chili powder, smoked paprika, garlic powder, and black pepper.nUsing a mandoline or a sharp knife, thinly slice the sweet potatoes into 18inch thick rounds. Add the sliced sweet potatoes to the hot oil and fry, in batches, until crisp and golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray and immediately sprinkle with the seasoning mixture. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large sweet potatoes, well scrubbed], title: Neelys Spicy Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 35658: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the potatoes, garlic, and rosemary with the oil, salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Arrange potatoes cut side down and roast until fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 to 8 medium about 1 12 pounds, Yukon gold potatoes, cut in wedges, 8 cloves garlic, left in their skins, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Yukon Potatoes with Rosemary, picturelink: rihd5TAppCPiQGekWb4CrjP9g2jsEi}, 35659: {instructions: Combine the popcorn, mixed nuts, salt, paprika and cayenne pepper in large serving bowl.nLine a large baking sheet with aluminum foil and coat with nonstick spray.nMelt the butter in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the maple syrup and continue cooking until the mixture reads 275 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 15 minutes.nCarefully pour the mixture over the popcorn and nuts. Toss, using a spoon that has been coated in nonstick spray, to coat the popcorn evenly with syrup. Allow the popcorn to cool before serving, ingredients: [10 cups plain popcorn, popped, 2 cups mixed nuts, such as pecans, walnuts and almonds, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Nonstick spray, for greasing, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 cups pure maple syrup], title: MapleNut Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 35660: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the ketchup, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder and hot sauce in a small bowl. Set aside.nUsing a fork, gently mix the beef with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Form into four 5inch patties. Cover and set aside.nCook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove and drain on a papertowellined plate. Pour off most of the bacon fat, leaving about 2 teaspoons in the skillet, reserving the extra bacon fat. Heat the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the burgers to the skillet, 2 at a time, and cook until nicely browned, 4 minutes. Flip and cook the other side until the burger is done, about 4 minutes for mediumrare. Repeat with the remaining burgers. Place the burgers on a rimmed baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm while cooking the eggs.nWipe out the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon of the reserved bacon fat to the skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Break the eggs into the skillet and cook until the whites are set, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, brush the buns with melted butter. Place them on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes.nBuild the burger by placing a hamburger patty on the bottom bun, add a slice of cheese, 2 pieces of bacon and top with a fried egg. Spread the top bun with some of the spiced ketchup and place on top., ingredients: [14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 8020, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices thickcut bacon, halved crosswise, 4 large eggs, 4 sesame seed hamburger buns, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, for brushing, 4 slices Havarti cheese], title: Bistro Breakfast Burger, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 35661: {instructions: Heat 1 cup 250ml cream in a saucepan until just barely simmering. Add the chocolate and stir until melted. Transfer to a bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the chocolate mixture to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nSoak the tapioca in 2 cups 500ml cold water for 30 minutes. Drain.nCombine the remaining 1 cup 250ml cream, the milk, sugar, orange zest and vanilla bean and seeds in a saucepan. Add the tapioca and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 25 minutes. Transfer to a bowl to cool, then refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.nUsing damp hands to prevent the mixture from sticking to them, shape the tapioca into golfballsize mounds, then flatten. Insert a spoonful of the chocolate mixture into the center and reshape the ball, enclosing the chocolate. Place on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nHeat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nPut the flour, eggs and panko in three separate bowls. Dredge each tapioca ball in flour, then dip in the egg mixture and coat with breadcrumbs. Fry until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 cups500ml 35percent cream, 2 cups500ml chopped chocolate, 12 cup125ml small pearl tapioca, 1 cup250ml milk, 1 cup250ml sugar, Zest from 1 orange, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup250ml allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 cups500ml panko Japanese breadcrumbs, ground to a fine powder], title: Chocolate Tapioca Arancini, picturelink: null}, 35662: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the water, butter, granulated sugar, and salt and bring the mixture to a rapid boil. Remove the pan from the heat and add the flour all at once, stirring vigorously. Cook the paste over low heat, beating briskly, until the ingredients are thoroughly combined and the dough cleanly leaves the sides of the pan and forms a ball. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. By hand or with an electric mixer set at medium speed beat the paste until it is smooth and glossy. Stir in the vanilla.nIn the deep fryer heat enough shortening to measure 3 inches to 370 F. Drop the dough by teaspoonfuls into the shortening and fry the beignets in batches, turning them, until golden brown about 3 minutes. With a slotted spoon remove to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle the beignets with the confections sugar and serve them hot., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sifted allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Vegetable shortening for deep frying, Confectioners sugar], title: Beignets, picturelink: null}, 35663: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Cover and shake for 15 seconds. Strain into a glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup apricot nectar, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup apricot brandy, 14 cup light rum, 4 ice cubes], title: Cubana Rum, picturelink: null}, 35664: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by12inch casserole dish. Bring 4 12 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan add 1 teaspoon salt. Add the grits and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes, whisking constantly.nAdd the cheese and 4 tablespoons butter to the hot grits and stir until melted and incorporated. Beat the eggs in a small bowl, then whisk in the milk slowly stir the egg mixture into the grits. Pour the mixture into the prepared casserole dish. You can make the casserole to this point up to 1 day ahead cover and refrigerate.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter pour over the cornflakes in a bowl and stir to distribute the butter. Sprinkle the cornflake crumb mixture on top of the grits. Bake 45 minutes.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [5 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for the dish, Salt, 1 cup instant grits, 10 ounces herbandgarlic cheese such as Boursin, 2 medium eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 1 cup crushed cornflakes], title: Garlic Grits Casserole, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 35665: {instructions: Place potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring water to a boil and season water liberally with salt and cook the potatoes until just fork tender, 8 to 9 minutes.nCombine chipotles, sauce, marmalade, juice, vinegar in a bowl then whisk in the extravirgin olive oil.nDrain the potatoes well, return them to hot pot to let water evaporate, then add immediately to dressing. The dressing will be better absorbed by warm taters. Toss with onions and herbs and season the salad with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve warm or chill. Drizzle a little more extravirgin olive oil over the salad if it gets dry., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, about 2 12 pounds, peeled and thinly sliced, Salt, 2 chipotles in adobo sauce, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons of sauce, 3 tablespoons orange marmalade, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. eyeball it, 1 small red onion or 12 large, chopped, Handful chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons, Couple sprigs fresh oregano, finely chopped or a couple pinches dried, Salt and pepper], title: Chipotle Potato Salad, picturelink: IIuog6TLr0mtpOixeH4SNXJIhLr8pe}, 35666: {instructions: Whisk the coffee liqueur, water, espresso powder, and 2 tablespoons of the confectioners sugar in a glass measuring cup until smooth. Pour about 13 cup of the mixture over the ladyfingers in a shallow bowl, then toss and set aside.nGently beat with a handheld mixer the remaining espresso mixture and the remaining 4 tablespoons confectioners sugar into the mascarpone until smooth. Take care not to overbeat it or the mascarpone will be grainy. Using the same beaters no need to clean them, beat the whipped cream to soft peaks and fold it into the mascarpone mixture.nTo assemble the tiramisu: Crumble half the soaked ladyfingers into four 8ounce parfait or wine glasses. Spoon 14 cup of the mascarpone mixture over the ladyfingers and press and spread gently with the back of the spoon to fill the spaces between the ladyfinger pieces. Repeat with remaining ladyfingers and mascarpone mixture. Sprinkle 12 teaspoon ground chocolate over each tiramisu, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight before serving., ingredients: [14 cup coffee liqueur, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 8 ladyfingers, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons ground chocolate or sweetened cocoa], title: Tiramisu Rapido, picturelink: null}, 35667: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the heavy cream and tea bags in a small saucepan. Place the pan over mediumlow heat and warm gently, stirring occasionally, until bubbles just start to form around the edges of the cream, about 5 minutes. Simmer 3 minutes more and then turn off the heat.nPlace the chopped chocolate and salt in a medium bowl. Strain the hot cream mixture through a finemesh strainer over the chocolate and let sit for 3 minutes. Slowly whisk the nowmelted chocolate into the cream, starting with small circles in the center of the bowl and moving into larger circles as the mixture begins to come together stop when smooth and completely blended. Press a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the ganache and refrigerate for about 3 hours, or until just set and cold but still pliable.nPlace the cocoa powder in a shallow bowl. With a 1ounce scoop, scoop level rounds of the ganache into your palm and gently roll into a ball. Roll the truffles in the cocoa powder to coat, then place in an airtight container and refrigerate until ready to serve.nJust before serving, sift a touch of gold dust, if using, over the top of the truffles for sparkle., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 7 bags chai tea, such as Tazo, 14 teaspoon salt, 9 ounces dark chocolate 70 percent cocoa, chopped, 23 cup Dutch process cocoa powder, Gold dust, for garnish, optional], title: Chai Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: zOoBDG25ohQq7jQ757vqyavoGqHo6}, 35668: {instructions: To make the soup, heat the oil in a large saucepan over high heat until very hot. Add the onion and garlic and saute for about 2 minutes. Add the cumin and saute for 2 minutes longer. Add the Marsala and reduce until about 12 cup remains, about 4 minutes. Add the peppers and stock, decrease the heat to medium, and simmer for about 20 minutes. Add the cilantro and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nCarefully puree the soup in a blender. Transfer the soup to a large bowl, cover, and refrigerate until well chilled, about 2 hours. If the soup is too thick after chilling, thin it down with a bit more stock.nMeanwhile, to prepare the salsa, combine the onion, garlic, chiles, and avocados in a bowl, and mix well. Add the lime juice, mix well, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until you are ready to serve.nTo serve, ladle the soup into bowls, and garnish with the salsa, creme fraiche, and a cilantro sprig., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin oil, 1 small onion, minced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 cup Marsala, 6 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 12 cups rich chicken stock or vegetable stock, or more as needed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 Anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 dried ancho chile, roasted and pulverized, 2 avocados, cut into small dice, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Chilled Roasted Red Pepper Soup with AvocadoChile Salsa, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 35669: {instructions: Mix 1 cup sliced cabbage, 14 cup each sliced red onion and chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise and 1 tablespoon each Creole mustard, lemon juice and honey season with cayenne and salt. Fry your favorite crab cakes. Serve on rolls with the Creole slaw., ingredients: [], title: Creole Crab Burger, picturelink: HgfAXYtD68psSNd7F8RVKZvSJcLvg3u}, 35670: {instructions: Special equipment: One 13ounce coffee can and a piece of foil, with one side buttered, to make a sealed covernPlace a rack in the bottom third of the oven and preheat to 300 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rye flour, cornmeal, whole wheat flour, white bread flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the molasses, buttermilk, and egg.nPour the molasses mixture into the flour mixture and mix until a thick batter is just formed. Transfer the batter to the prepared coffee can. Cover tightly with the foil, butteredside down.nPlace the coffee can in a pot that is twice the height of the can. Pour enough hot water in the pot to reach halfway up the sides of the can. Bring the water to a boil on top of the stove, before transferring to the oven. Bake the bread, in the water bath, until spongy and a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, about 3 hours.nRemove can from the water bath and set aside to cool completely. Remove the loaf from the can. Slice into rounds and serve., ingredients: [12 cup rye flour, 12 cup stoneground cornmeal, 14 cup whole wheat flour, 14 cup white bread flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup dark molasses, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Boston Brown Bread, picturelink: null}, 35671: {instructions: For the dough: Warm the milk and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan over low heat to about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees F. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and sprinkle the yeast over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the sugar over the top, and set aside without stirring until foamy, about 5 minutes. Then whisk in the butter and egg yolk.nWhisk together the flour, remaining sugar and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center, and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon until you have a thick, slightly sticky dough. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface, and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with butter. Add the dough ball, turning to coat lightly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic and note the time. Let the dough rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl, and knead briefly to release excess air. Reform it into a ball, and return it to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap, and lay it on the dough. Cover the entire bowl tightly with the rest of the plastic, and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight to let the dough proof.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the poppy seeds, sesame seeds, garlic flakes and onion flakes on a pie plate, and toast until lightly browned and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes. Mix the cream cheese, egg and flour in a small bowl until combined. Stir in the scallions, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nTo fill and form the buns: Butter a 9by13inch baking pan with the 2 tablespoons softened butter. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface, and press it flat. Roll the dough into a 10by18inch rectangle, with a long side facing you. Spread the filling evenly over the dough, leaving a 1inch border on the side opposite you. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the toasted seed mix for the topping, and scatter the rest over the filling. Starting from the side facing you, roll the dough up into a tight roll. Lightly brush the 1inch border with water, and continue rolling to seal the roll. Fold the ends in just a bit, and if any spots look thicker than others, even out the roll with your hands.nCut the roll every 1 12 inches with a serrated knife, to make 12 buns. Place the buns cutside down except for the end pieces in the prepared pan, spacing them 1 inch apart. Cover the buns loosely with plastic wrap, and set in a warm place to rise until they double in size with no gaps in between, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nFor the topping: Stir the butter, reserved seed mix and scallions in a small bowl set aside.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the buns until theyre golden brown and the tops spring back when pressed lightly, 25 to 30 minutes. Spread the topping evenly over the buns, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and return to the oven until the butter is melted and the topping is fragrant, 5 minutes more. Let the buns cool in the pan for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast one 14ounce package, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl and plastic wrap, 1 large egg yolk, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons poppy seeds, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons dried garlic flakes, 2 tablespoons dried onion flakes, One 8ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 5 small scallions, whites and greens sliced, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 small scallions, whites and greens sliced, Kosher salt], title: Everything Seed Buns, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 35672: {instructions: In a bowl mix the raw ground beef, onion, oregano, parsley, mint, rice, salt, and pepper together.nCarefully, separate the vine leaves. Place each leaf on a wooden board shiny side down, with its stem toward you. Put a teaspoon of the stuffing near the bottom of the leaf, fold the bottom and 2 sides to cover the filling, and roll tightly toward the tip of the leaf.nPlace them in a casserole dish or pan and cover with several of the remaining grape leaves. Cover completely with stock or water and place in a preheated 350 degree F oven to bake for 1 hour, or until the rice and the leaves are tender and the juice absorbed.nOnce the grape leaves are done, uncover them. Carefully pour any remaining liquid out of the pan into a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the lemon into the eggs and beat until frothy. Slowly whisk in the remaining broth from the grape leaves into the egglemon mixture. If it is done too fast, the eggs will curdle. Pour the entire egg mixture over the grape leaves and let sit to warm. Serve cold as a meze appetizer or warm as an entree., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 medium yellow onion, minced, Dried oregano, Fresh Parsley, finely chopped, Mint leaves, cut into chiffonade, 23 cup rice, uncooked, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16 ounce jar brined grape leaves, 4 small eggs, beaten, 3 lemons, juiced, 1 cup water], title: Dolmades: Stuffed Vine Leaves, picturelink: null}, 35673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the chicken brine: Combine 1 cup water, the honey, salt, bay leaves, garlic and thyme in a large saucepot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Once at a boil, turn off the heat and add the ice cubes. Place the chicken and brine into a large resealable gallon plastic bag. Refrigerate, brining the chicken, for 1 hour.nFor the honey glaze: In a small saucepot over mediumlow heat, whisk the honey, vinegar and orange juice until just simmering. Remove from the heat and set aside at room temperature until ready to use.nFor the chicken: Once brined, remove the chicken quarters from the bag and pat dry. Sprinkle the chicken with the salt and pepper and place skinside down into a castiron pan. Place into the oven. Roast until the internal temperature reads 155 degrees F, about 50 minutes, flipping halfway through the baking time. Remove from the oven, brush the chicken with the honey glaze, and then return to the oven. Finish roasting the chicken until the skin is crispy and the internal temperature reads 165 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken and allow to rest about 10 minutes. Reserve the pan drippings.nFor the gravy: To the same castiron pan, over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Add the mushrooms, garlic and shallots, and toss to combine. Allow to soften, being careful not to burn. Season with salt and pepper. Add the flour and whisk to incorporate with the fat. Continue cooking out the starch for about 2 minutes. Add the white wine and scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Reduce for about 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and reduce by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and drizzle in some truffle oil. Swirl in the butter. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange the chicken pieces on a serving dish, finishing with the truffle gravy., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 12 cup kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cups ice cubes, One 4 to 5pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, backbone removed, 14 cup honey, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, Juice of 1 orange, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound assorted fancy mushrooms e.g. cremini, oyster, shiitake, king trumpet, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely minced shallot, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Truffle oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Strathearn Roasted Chicken, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 35674: {instructions: Slit the calamari tubes up 1 side and lightly score 1 side. Place the tubes and tentacles in a bowl and add the lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, oregano, salt and pepper and toss to combine. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill pan on high heat.nRemove the calamari from the refrigerator and place on the grill in batches for 1 12 to 2 minutes per side. Cut the tubes into strips and leave the tentacles whole. Before serving, sprinkle with lemon juice and chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds calamari tubes and tentacles, 2 tablespoons lemon zest 2 lemons, 1 lemon, juiced, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon minced garlic 1 clove, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, Lemon juice, to finish, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Oregano Lemon Grilled Calamari, picturelink: wUMjKzeCX9KZxBCUXCO3VL2MMBKN7a}, 35675: {instructions: Put the chicken and the bay leaf in a small pan and add water, almost to cover the chicken. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and poach the chicken until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate. Strain the broth and reservenMeanwhile, heat the extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a soup pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery, onions, garlic, potatoes, salt and pepper, to taste. Stir, cover, and cook 7 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally to sweat the veggies. Add the stock and bring to a boil, then simmer to keep the stock at a low boil. Dice the poached chicken then stir it into the stock. Add the peas, tarragon, thyme, and parsley.nIn a small pan over medium heat, melt the butter and whisk in the flour. Cook for 1 minute, then stir it into the soup to thicken. Add the reserved strained chicken poaching liquid to loosen up the sauce remember that youre going for a consistency thats thicker than soup and thinner than stew. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 small pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 3 small ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large potato, peeled and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 cup frozen peas, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped lemon thyme or thyme leaves, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Chicken and Herb Pot Pie Stoup, picturelink: null}, 35676: {instructions: Bring the cola, soy sauce, vinegar, honey and 1 tablespoon salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until reduced to 1 cup, about 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the chipotles, paprika and onion powder let cool completely.nTrim the excess fat from the beef and slice on an angle into 14inchthick strips. Combine the strips and cola mixture in a resealable plastic bag and shake to coat. Press the air out of the bag, seal and let marinate in the refrigerator at least 24 hours and up to 3 days.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven line the bottom of the oven with foil. Drain the meat, discarding the marinade. Stick a toothpick through the end of each strip of meat. Starting at the back of the oven and working forward, arrange each piece of meat between the grates of the oven rack so the toothpicks rest on the grates and the meat dangles below do not let the meat touch the rack. Alternately, cook the beef in a dehydrator according to the manufacturers instructions.nHeat the oven to 200 degrees F. Bake until the jerky is dry but still bendable, 2 to 3 hours. Carefully remove from the oven and remove the toothpicks. Let cool completely. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [1 cup cola, 13 cup soy sauce, 13 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 14 cup honey, Kosher salt, 1 to 2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 pounds boneless beef sirloin about 1 inch thick], title: Smoky Cola Jerky, picturelink: ll0KXYVHxnEiXIHbA169Sme3UUeAr.}, 35677: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSnip the hard stems off the figs and cut the figs in half lengthwise through the stem. With a small sharp knife, cut the prosciutto lengthwise into inchwide strips. Wrap a strip of prosciutto around the center of each fig half, with the ends overlapping. Brush with olive oil and arrange cutside up on a sheet pan.nRoast the figs for 10 minutes, until the prosciutto is a little crisp and the figs are warmed through. Serve warm., ingredients: [Good olive oil, 20 large fresh ripe figs, 20 thin slices Italian prosciutto about 8 ounces], title: Roasted Figs and Prosciutto, picturelink: pPSnReNqMulC9lZxwXpaXI8zaXNbYVi}, 35678: {instructions: In a fine sieve rinsed the quinoa under cold water for 1 minute and drain it well. In a heavy saucepan cook the onion in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the cumin, the cinnamon, and the turmeric, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the quinoa and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth, the water, the currants, the tomatoes, and the salt and simmer the mixture, covered, for 15 minutes, or until the liquid is absorbed. Remove the pan from the heat, let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes, and stir in the parsley. Divide the quinoa mixture among 6 buttered 12cup timbale molds, packing it, and invert the timbales onto a platter., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa small, flat, diskshaped seeds, available at natural foods stores and many specialty foods shops, 1 small onion, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup chicken broth, 23 cup water, 13 cup dried currants or raisins, 14 cup chopped drained canned tomatoes], title: Spiced Quinoa Timbales, picturelink: null}, 35679: {instructions: Combine the sugar, juice, stock, and TamarindPasilla Paste in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir until the sugar dissolves. Then increase the heat so the mixture simmers. Cook, stirring often, until the liquid has thickened and reduces to a little less than 1 cup, about 20 minutes. Turn the heat to very low and keep the sauce warm while you cook the lamb.nWhile the sauce is cooking, heat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the lamb with the olive oil, sprinkle generously with salt and place in the skillet. Cook on each side for 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 3 minutes. Cut the lamb crosswise into 12inchthick slices.nPut the slices on the plates and spoon on the sauce. Sprinkle with the pomegranate seeds and serve right away.nBring 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Line a plate with paper towels.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat until it begins to dance. Add the pasillas and fry on both sides until theyre puffed up, about 15 seconds total. Transfer the chiles to the paper towels to drain. Put them in a small bowl, pour in the boiling water and let them soak until their soft, about 15 minutes. Drain the chiles and reserve them and the soaking liquid separately.nDiscard the oil and wipe the skillet clean. Set it back over mediumhigh heat. In a large bowl, toss the garlic, tomatoes and onions with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Season with salt and pepper, toss gently and put them in the hot skillet. Cook until theyre charred with visible black spots, about 7 minutes on each side. Transfer the vegetables to a clean bowl and let them cool to room temperature.nPut the tamarind pulp, chiles, 12 cup of the soaking liquid and the roasted vegetables in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth.nStore it in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to a week or in the freezer up to a month., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup pomegranate juice, such as POM brand, 1 14 cups chicken stock lowsodium storebought is fine, 14 cup TamarindPasilla Paste, recipe follows, One 1 12 to 2pound boneless lamb loin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Fresh pomegranate seeds, for garnish, 10 whole cloves garlic, peeled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, cored and halved lengthwise, 1 large white onion, quartered, 4 pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups strained tamarind pulp], title: Roasted Lamb with PomegranateTamarind Sauce, picturelink: 3H5rKMRN9BTJ73I3FSbE8dHsJp4sG2}, 35680: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the ginger and shallots and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, honey, orange juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, and salt. Cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves and mixture is nice and bubbly.nAdd half the cranberries and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries pop and the mixture thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining cranberries and cook another 5 minutes or so., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 large shallot, finely diced, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries], title: Base Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 35681: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the turmeric, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt and 3 tablespoons oil. Gently, drop in the cubes of paneer and gently toss, taking care not to break the cubes if youre using the homemade kind. Let the cubes marinate while you get the rest of your ingredients together and prepped.nThaw the spinach in the microwave in a microwavesafe dish, 5 minutes on high, then puree in a food processor until smooth. Alternatively, you can chop it up very finely with your knife.nPlace a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, and add the paneer as the pan warms. In a couple of minutes give the pan a toss each piece of paneer should be browned on one side. Fry another minute or so, and then remove the paneer from the pan onto a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil to the pan. Add the onions, ginger, garlic and chile. Now heres the important part: saute the mixture until its evenly toffeecoloured, which should take about 15 minutes. Dont skip this step  this is the foundation of the dish If you feel like the mixture is drying out and burning, add a couple of tablespoons of water.nAdd the garam masala, coriander and cumin. If you havent already, sprinkle a little water to keep the spices from burning. Cook, stirring often, until the raw scent of the spices cook out, and it all smells a bit more melodious, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the spinach and stir well, incorporating the spiced onion mixture into the spinach. Add a little salt and 12 cup of water, stir, and cook about 5 minutes with the lid off.nTurn the heat off. Add the yogurt, a little at a time to keep it from curdling. Once the yogurt is well mixed into the spinach, add the paneer. Turn the heat back on, cover and cook until everything is warmed through, about 5 minutes. Serve.nLine a large colander with a large double layer of cheesecloth, and set it in your sink.nIn a large wide pot, bring the milk to a gentle boil over medium heat, stirring frequently to avoid burning the bottom a nonstick pot works really well for this purpose. This will take a little while so be patientnAdd the lemon juice and turn the heat down to low. Stirring gently, you should almost immediately see the curds white milk solids and whey the greenish liquid separate. Dont fret, this is perfectnRemove the pot from the heat and carefully pour the contents into the cheeseclothlined colander. Gently rinse with cool water to get rid of the lemon flavor. At this point, you could squeeze out some of the liquid, and serve with some honey and some nuts, almost like a fresh ricottanGrab the ends of the cheesecloth and twist the ball of cheese to squeeze out the excess whey. Tie the cheesecloth to your kitchen faucet and allow the cheese to drain for about 5 minutes.nTwisting the ball to compact the cheese into a block, place it on a plate with the twisted part of the cheesecloth on the side this will ensure your block of cheese is nice and smooth and set another plate on top. Weigh the second plate down with cans of beans or a heavy pot. Move to the refrigerator and let it sit about 20 minutes.nCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using into a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons plus 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 ounces paneer, Indian cheese, either storebought or made from my recipe, recipe follows, cut into 1inch cubes, see Cooks Note, 1 16ounce package frozen chopped spinach, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 1 1inch thumb ginger, peeled and minced about 1 tablespoon, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large green serrano chile, finely chopped seeds removed if you dont like it spicy, 12 teaspoon storebought or homemade garam masala, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup plain yogurt, stirred until smooth, Cheesecloth, 8 cups whole milk, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus more as needed, see Cooks Note, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Saag Paneer: Spinach with Indian Cheese, picturelink: s9VwiYu0kBX5HsorPVFIzi41z5qbTjC}, 35682: {instructions: Cook shallots and zest in 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat until they begin to brown. Add orange juice, broth, wine and habanero slices. Cook over high heat to reduce. Taste often and remove and discard habaneros when desired heat is achieved. When habaneros are removed, add the liqueur.nBrush scallops with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Sear scallops on a grill pan to a slightly undercooked state, about 3 12 minutes per side but watch them closely. Remove from grill pan and add scallops to the thickened orange glaze, tossing to coat well until scallops are cooked to desired doneness.nSmear a clean plate with orange glaze top with 3 scallops. Drizzle scallops with more glaze and garnish with chives and orange slice., ingredients: [12 cup finely diced shallots, 1 large or 2 medium oranges, zested, Olive oil, 34 cup orange juice, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 23 cup dry white wine, 2 habanero peppers, cut into quarters, stems and veins removed, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 9 large sea scallops rinsed and dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped chives and orange slices, for garnish], title: Spicy OrangeGlazed Scallops, picturelink: null}, 35683: {instructions: For the crust: Crush the butter crackers and mix with melted butter. Press into a 9inch springform pan.nFor the Filling: Finely shred cheddar, add lime zest. Toss cheese mixture with flour and cornstarch set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn electric mixer, cream lime juice and cream cheese until fluffy. Add 1 egg at a time while mixing on low speed. Add minced onion, horseradish, pepper sauce, oregano, cumin, garlic powder, salt, and pepper and mix only until incorporated. Fold in cheddar mixture, then sour cream by hand. Pour the batter into the prepared crust. Bake for 60 minutes.nMeanwhile, for topping, mix all ingredients together and refrigerate until cheesecake is baked.nRemove cheesecake from oven after 60 minutes do not overbake. Spread cold topping over warm cake, return to oven, shut the oven off and allow to cool in oven oven door may be open a crack to speed up the process, this will prevent any cracking. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight then decorate as desired with shredded cheddar, tomatoes, green onions, and salsa. Serve with crackers or tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 cups flaky butter crackers, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 6 ounces sharp cheddar, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 tablespoon flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 24 ounces cream cheese, 2 large eggs, 12 cup minced white onion, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 12 teaspoons hot red pepper sauce, 12 teaspoon oregano, 12 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup sour cream, 1 12 cups sour cream, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, Shredded cheddar, Tomatoes, Green Onions, Salsa, optional, Crackers, Tortilla Chips], title: Spicy Spreadable Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 35684: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 2 heavy baking sheets with vegetable oil cooking spray.nIn a small bowl, combine the bread and milk. Set aside to allow the bread to absorb the milk, about 15 minutes.nFor the vegetables: Using a melon baller, remove the flesh from the zucchini, leaving a 12inch border around the edges. Reserve the flesh. Place the zucchini and peppers, hollowedout sides up, on the prepared baking sheets. Season with the salt and pepper.nFor the filling: Place the zucchini flesh in a food processor. Add the garlic, carrot, celery, shallot, oregano, salt and pepper. Blend until all the vegetables are finely chopped.nIn a medium nonstick skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the blended vegetable mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook until all the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cooked vegetables, turkey, egg, 1 cup Parmesan and the bread mixture. Using a wooden spoon, mix the ingredients until well combined. Spoon the filling into the hollowedout vegetables. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup Parmesan on top of the filling. Drizzle with olive oil and bake until the vegetables are tender and the tops are golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a platter and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, Two 34inch slices country style white bread, crusts removed, torn into 12inch pieces, 12 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 3 large zucchini, trimmed, halved lengthwise, 1 orange bell pepper, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 red bell pepper, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 yellow bell pepper, halved lengthwise and seeded, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 1 large shallot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 13 cup white wine, such as pinot grigio, 1 pound ground turkey or ground beef, 1 large egg, beaten, at room temperature, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan], title: TurkeyStuffed Vegetables, picturelink: bAn1qOn7l4YPLBYALWLRSrVA6nj14S}, 35685: {instructions: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F and cover a baking sheet with foil. Split the squash in half and scoop out the seeds. Season the squash with salt and pepper and place, cutside down, on the baking sheet. Roast the squash until very tender, 45 to 60 minutes.nTurn the roasted squash over and shred each half with a fork, turning the flesh into what looks like a yellow boat filled with spaghetti. Drizzle the hot squash with a little extravirgin olive oil and adjust the seasoning.nTop with lots of your favorite sauce and garnish with shredded cheese. Serve each boat on a platter and eat the squash and sauce right from the skin of the squash., ingredients: [2 medium spaghetti squash, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling], title: Spaghetti Squash, picturelink: null}, 35686: {instructions: In a 10 inch saute pan, heat 1 cup canola oil on high heat. Test readiness with a piece of bread. Turn heat to medium. Check temperature with thermometer  it should read 375 degrees F. In a medium mixing bowl, combine crab, onion, scallions, bell pepper, mayonnaise, Tabasco, 14 cup of the breadcrumbs, lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce. Mix until fully incorporated. Make 3 ounce cakes and dredge in the flour, then egg and the remaining breadcrumbs. Lay the cakes in the oil and panfry for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove and place on a paper towel and season with salt in a mixing bowl.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine all ingredients. Mix well and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a blender combine ingredients and mix until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo serve crab cakes, spoon puree onto the plate in a small pool. Slice the cake in half and lay the bottom portion in the puree. Spoon avocado salsa on top and place the top of the cake on the avocado like a sandwich. Top with a small amount of avocado and garnish with cilantro leaf., ingredients: [2 cups canola oil, 12 pound Maine or Dungeness crabmeat, 3 tablespoons red onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons scallions, thinly slices, 1 12 tablespoon red bell pepper, finely diced, 14 cup mayonnaise or aioli, 1 tablespoon Tabasco, 1 14 cup breadcrumbs, divided preferably Panko, 2 Tbs cup lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoon Worcestershire, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 beaten egg, 2 mangos, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon confectioner sugar], title: Crab and Avocado Sandwiches with Mango Coulis, picturelink: null}, 35687: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPat the beef dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the beef generously with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a heavy 6quart roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until brown on all sides, about 15 minutes total cooking time. Transfer the beef to a bowl. Add remaining tablespoon oil to the pan, add the onions and saute until tender, scraping up the brown bits on the bottom of the pot, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute 1 minute. Add the wine and boil 1 minute. Stir in the broth and mushrooms. Return the beef to the pan. Bring the liquids to a boil. Cover and transfer to the oven. Braise until the beef is forktender, turning the beef over halfway through cooking, about 3 hours.nTransfer the beef to a cutting board. Tent the beef with foil and let stand 15 minutes. Meanwhile, spoon any excess fat off the top of the pan juices. Transfer the pan juices and vegetables to a blender and puree until smooth. Combine the sauce and rosemary sprig in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to a boil. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper.nCut the beef across the grain into 12inchthick slices. Arrange the sliced beef on a platter and garnish with rosemary. Spoon the sauce over and serve, passing the remaining sauce in a sauce boat., ingredients: [1 4pound boneless beef chuck roast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 onions, sliced, 6 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 34 cups canned beef broth, 12ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 large sprig fresh rosemary, plus extra for garnish], title: Stracoto with Porcini Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 35688: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or outdoor grill to high. Coat chicken in extravirgin olive oil, a generous drizzle. Combine the grill seasoning with cumin and thyme and sprinkle evenly over the chicken. Grill the meat 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Remove from heat and cool until easy to handle.nWhile chicken cooks, heat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, the garlic and onion, cook together a few minutes then add the tomatillos. Cook together 3 to 4 minutes just to take the bitter edge off the tomatillo then remove from heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the diced peppers, celery, olives and hominy. Dice and add the chicken. Add the hot sauce and the lime juice to the salad and dress with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it. Toss the salad then add in the tomatillo mixture and combine. Season the salad with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve with bits of tortilla chips as garnish., ingredients: [4 6ounce chicken breasts, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling plus 3 tablespoons, divided, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 23 palm full, 1 teaspoon ground thyme or poultry seasoning, 13 palm full, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 tomatillos, peeled, rinsed and dried then coarsely chopped, 4 piquillo peppers, drained and diced or 2 roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, 3 ribs celery with green tops, chopped, 12 cup drained and chopped green olives with pimientos, 1 15ounce can hominy, drained, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and pepper, 2 cups broken tortilla chips, any color or variety], title: Grilled Chicken Posole Salad, picturelink: IIuog6TLr0mtpOixeH4SNXJIhLr8pe}, 35689: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray large baking sheet with cooking spray set aside. Roll dough into 14x11inch rectangle on lightly floured surface. Place dough on baking sheet. Spread Spaghetti  Meatballs lengthwise down center third of dough to within 12 inch of each short edge top spaghetti with mozzarella cheese.nCut sides of dough into 12 equal strips, almost to filling. To enclose filling, take strip from each side, overlap in center and pinch together. Continue with remaining strips. Press each end of loaf together and fold under. Sprinkle top with Parmesan cheese and parsley. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until dough is browned and spaghetti is hot. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting into strips., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 loaf 1 lb each frozen bread dough, thawed, 2 cans 14.5 oz each Chef Boyardeeu00ae Spaghetti  Meatballs, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Chef Boyardeeu00ae Braided Spaghetti Loaf, picturelink: iDxMl8qaEJwboeLyUHy7X9K9.WZGGxa}, 35690: {instructions: For the lamb: Trim the lamb shoulder to remove all the fat and cube into medium size pieces. In a Dutch oven or large sauce pot heat the olive oil until hot and saute the onions until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Next, add the lamb pieces and cook for approximately 2 to 4 minutes. Add the saffron, pepper, parsley, bay leaves, 1 tablespoon cumin, and 13 teaspoon turmeric. Mix well and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add the water, cover the pot, reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour. When the lamb is tender, transfer it to a separate casserole with a small amount of sauce to keep it warm. To the sauce add 12 cup green olives and allow the sauce to cook for 3 more minutes. Pour the sauce and artichokes over the lamb on the casserole plate and garnish the plate with fresh lemon slices as well as preserved lemon slices, and freshly chopped parsley. Serve immediately.nFor the Artichokes with Lemons and Olives: Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or stock pot, add onions, garlic, saffron, black pepper, cumin, salt and bay leaves, stir well and bring to a boil. Drain the artichokes from cold water and put in the casserole, cook for about 20 to 30 minutes. Then add olives, lemon juice and preserved lemon, reduce heat for another 10 minutes, and let simmer. Serve in a platter, pour lemon juice over artichokes and garnish with thin slices of lemon. Serve the artichokes as a vegetarian dish or as a garnish for lamb., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 3 large onions, finely chopped, 1 cup finely chopped parsley, 1 pinch saffron, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon cumin, 3 cloves garlic, 13 teaspoon turmeric, Salt to taste, 4 cups water, 1 preserved lemon, cubed, 12 cup green olives, 12 preserved lemon cut into 13inch thick rounds, Lemon sliced, for garnish, Chopped parsley, for garnish, 3 large artichokes, quartered, and covered in cold water, 1 large onion diced in 2inch cubes, 4 cloves garlic, finely diced, 3 bay leaves, 3 stems parsley, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Pinch of saffron, 2 ounces olive oil, 15 green olives or kalamata olives, 1 juice of a lemon, Salt to taste, 3 cups of water, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Lamb with Artichokes, Lemon and Olives, picturelink: null}, 35691: {instructions: Put mint leaves into tea pot of boiling water. Pour green tea into strainer and add to boiling water., ingredients: [Fresh mint leaves, Tea pot of boiling water, 2 Tbs. loose green tea, Mint garnish in tea cups], title: Moroccan Mint Tea, picturelink: null}, 35692: {instructions: In a medium nonstick saute pan, coat lightly with oil and saute black beans and ginger until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and cook until soft. Continue cooking until all moisture is evaporated. Set aside to cool. In a chilled bowl, combine fish with mushroom mix, scallions, celery and aioli. Make sure to mix gently as not to break up the fish. Season with salt and pepper. Form small, round cakes, about 1 12 inches in diameter, 12inch thick. Dredge in flour, then egg, then panko and fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. The cakes should not be cooked completely through.nFor the aioli use a food processor, add yolks, sambal and mustard. Slowly drizzle in oil to emulsify. Add juice and season. Will keep in the refrigerator for 2 weeks.nIn a small nonreactive saucepan, reduce the vinegars on low heat by 80 percent until a syrup consistency is achieved. Let cool.nPLATING On small plates, place a small mound of romaine. Zigzag syrup on plate and over romaine. Top with hot cake.nWine Suggestion: Veuve Cliquot Blanc de Blanc, ingredients: [1 pound char, skinless, 12inch dice, 12 tablespoon rinsed, minced fermented black beans, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, 18inch dice, 2 scallions, sliced 116inch, 14 cup celery, diced 116inch, 3 tablespoons aioli, below, 1 cup all purpose flour, in a shallow dish, 4 eggs, beaten, in a shallow dish, 1 cup panko, in a shallow dish, 1 cup baby romaine, 116inch ribbons, Salt and white pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup Chinese vinegar], title: Asian Tapas  Amuse Guele, picturelink: null}, 35693: {instructions: For the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion, bell pepper and crushed red pepper if using and saute until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the beef, Parmesan, breadcrumbs, parsley, Worcestershire sauce, garlic salt, kosher salt, pepper, basil, eggs, 12 cup of the marinara and the cooled vegetables. Use your hands to mix everything together. Transfer the mixture to the center of the prepared baking sheet and form into a loaf. Coat the meat loaf with the remaining 12 cup marinara.nBake until the meat loaf is firm, 45 minutes to 1 hour depending on the shape of your loaf. Let set for about 5 minutes before slicing.nFor the sandwiches: Butter the rolls and then sprinkle with garlic salt. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until light golden and toasted, about 5 minutes.nAdd a slice of meatloaf to each toasted roll and top with some of the marinara and 3 slices mozzarella. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese is melted, 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium yellow onion, minced, 1 red bell pepper, minced, Pinch crushed red pepper, optional, 2 pounds ground beef I use 8020, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 16 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup marinara sauce, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 soft sub rolls, split, Garlic salt, as needed, 1 cup marinara sauce, 1 pound sliced mozzarella], title: ItalianStyle Meatloaf, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 35694: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUse a sharp knife to pry open walnut shells. Clean out nut and casings. Reserve shells.nPlace walnut halves on a baking sheet and roast for approximately 5 minutes, or until browned and toasted. Let cool to room temperature.nSandwich 1 teaspoon of cheese between 2 walnut halves. Place mini walnut sandwich upright in a walnut shell. To serve, spread sugar on a plate. Set walnut shells on sugar. Drizzle honey over the top each mini walnut sandwich. Serve immediately.nRecommended beverage: Ice wine, ingredients: [12 whole walnuts to yield 24 halves, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 cup demerara sugar, for presentation], title: HoneyDrizzled Walnut and Gargonzola Bites, picturelink: null}, 35695: {instructions: For the ravioli: Mix together the ricotta, orange zest, parsley, Parmesan cheese, and season well with freshly ground black pepper. Set aside.nLay the pasta dough out in long sheets on your counter. Working quickly, place 4 dollops of ricotta mixture along 1 sheet pasta, spacing them about 5 inches apart. Form the ricotta mixture into small nests with sufficient space for a duck egg yolk in each.nCarefully transfer the yolks into each ricotta nest.nUsing a spray bottle filled with water, gently mist the pasta sheet to seal. Lay the second sheet of pasta over the first and use a ring cutter to seal. Seal the pasta gently with fingers.nDust a half sheet tray with flour and transfer the ravioli to the tray. Freeze until needed.nWhen ready to serve: Bring a large pot of salted water to the boil and cook the ravioli approximately 2 to 3 minutes, being careful not to overcook.nFor the sauce: Add the butter to a saucepan over high heat as it begins to melt, add the sage leaves and almonds. Allow the butter to brown. Squeeze in the orange juice and add a ladleful of pasta water. Add the Parmesan cheese. Using a slotted spoon, scoop the ravioli from the water and place directly into sauce, tossing to coat. Transfer the ravioli to plates and finish with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and a sprinkle of Parmesan cheese.nTo make the pasta dough: Mound the 00 flour on a cutting board or countertop. Sprinkle the salt over it. Form a well in the center of the flour and pour in the yolks. Add the olive oil and break each yolk. Using a plastic bench scraper or your fingers, draw the flour over the yolks from the perimeter. Continue to mix the flour into the yolks until its all incorporated, kneading only enough for it to come together. Shape the dough into a rectangle, about 12inch thick. The mixture should be dense, flaky, and crumbly. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let it rest for 10 to 30 minutes.nCut the dough into 4 pieces. Take one piece of dough keeping the others covered and flatten it with your hands. If the dough feels very dry, dampen the surface with a few drops of water using your fingers or a pastry brush. Starting with the rollers of your pasta machine set to the widest setting, pass the dough through, five or six times, or until the dough begins to become pliable. Do the same for the remaining pieces. Narrow the rollers by one setting and roll each piece through it once. Continue narrowing the rollers and rolling the pasta through each consecutive setting one time until the dough has reached the desired thickness.nProceed to cut the pasta as desired, tossing the finished pasta with the rice flour to prevent sticking. The pasta at this point can sit at room temperature covered with parchment or a dry towel, something that will allow it to breathe but not dry out, for up to half a day. It can also be cut as desired, tossed with rice flour, and frozen in plastic bags for up to a month., ingredients: [2 cups sheeps milk ricotta, Zest of 1 Orange, 1 cup fresh parsley, minced, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 duck egg yolks, Egg Yolk Pasta Dough, recipe follows, 5 to 7 leaves sage, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup slivered almonds, Juice of 12 orange, 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese, 1 12 cups 7 ounces 00 or allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 9 large duck egg yolks, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Rice flour or Wondra flour, as needed for dusting the cut pasta], title: Duck Egg Ravioli, Sheeps Milk Ricotta and Almond Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 35696: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub potato skins with oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and rub potatoes to coat. Bake potatoes in preheated oven 5060 minutes, or until soft. Do not wrap potatoes in foil. Remove potatoes from oven and slice skin off the tops. Scoop potato flesh into a large bowl, reserving intact skins. To potatoes, add all but two tablespoons of cheese plus egg, butter, roasted garlic and liquid smoke if using. Mash potatoes while gradually adding milk. Spoon mixture into skins and top with remaining cheese. Bake for an additional 15 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [14cup olive oil, salt and pepper to taste, 6 baking potatoes, 12cup shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, 1 egg, beaten, 14cup unsalted butter, 12 head roasted garlic, squeezed from the skins, 12cup milk, pinch liquid smoke, optional], title: TwiceBaked Potatoes with Roasted Garlic and Cheddar, picturelink: null}, 35697: {instructions: For the filling: In a large saute pan bring 4 cups water to a simmer, add the scallops and the scrod, and poach the seafood, its surface covered with a buttered round of waxed paper, at a bare simmer for 5 minutes. Drain the seafood and reserve the poaching liquid in a bowl. In the pan melt 1 tablespoon of the butter, stir in the carrots, 2 tablespoons water, salt, sugar, and cook covered, over moderate heat for 2 minutes. Remove the lid, cook carrots, stirring, for 1 minute, or until they are just tender, and add them to the seafood. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the pan, whisking in the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, whisking for 3 minutes. Whisk in the curry powder, add the milk in a stream, whisking, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture, whisking until it is smooth. Simmer, whisking occasionally for 5 minutes, or until it is very thick, then stir in the chutney and the lemon juice. Stir in the seafood and carrot mixture, the peas, minced parsley, and enough of the poaching liquid, by teaspoonfuls, to thin to desired consistency. Put 2 tablespoons of mixture into each prepared crepe filling one quadrant, fold the crepe in half over the filling, and fold it in half again to form a triangle. Arrange the crepes on a buttered baking sheet and bake them in a preheated oven for 10 minutes, or until they are heated through. Transfer the crepes to serving plates and garnish with parsley and lemon., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups dry white wine, Salt, 12 pound sea scallops, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 pound scrod fillet, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 14inch slices, Pinch of sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons bottled Major Greys chutney, minced, Fresh lemon juice to taste, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 recipe curry crepe batter recipe follows, Parsley sprigs for garnish, Lemon slices for garnish], title: Curried Seafood Crepes, picturelink: null}, 35698: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, add the shallots and saute until softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the 2 tablespoons of flour, stir it into the butter with a wooden spoon, and cook for 2 minutes more. Whisk in the cream, bring to a simmer, stirring until the mixture thickens and pulls away from the sides of the pan. Pour the sauce into a medium bowl season with 1 teaspoon of the salt, pepper to taste, and nutmeg. Set aside to cool, stirring occasionally.nStir the chicken, parsley, and chives into the cooled sauce. By hand, form the chicken mixture into eight 3inch long torpedoshaped croquettes. Put the croquettes on a pan or large plate, cover, and refrigerate for 2 hours or until set and firm.nPut a heaping cup of flour in a shallow bowl or lipped plate. In another small bowl whisk the eggs with the remaining salt and pepper to taste. Spread the breadcrumbs into a third shallow bowl.nBread the croquettes. Roll them in the flour, taking care to shake off any excess. Next, dip them in the egg mixture, and finally roll in the breadcrumbs until evenly coated. Place on a plate.nPour enough oil into a large skillet to come about halfway up the sides of the croquettes, and heat over medium heat. Shallowfry the croquettes until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels and serve with the mustard.nPut the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool the chicken in the stock for 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board and reserve the liquid. Bone and skin the chicken and cut the meat into cubes. Discard the bones and skin.nStrain the broth and store, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days or freeze for later use. Remove any fat from the surface of the broth before using., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dredging, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 4 cups finely chopped poached chicken breasts, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh chives, 2 large eggs, 1 14 cups fresh breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil for shallow frying, Serving Suggestions: Dijon mustard, 10 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, halved, 1 small carrot, halved, 1 stalk celery, halved, 3 pounds split chicken breasts, on the bone and fat trimmed, 5 to 6 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium], title: Chicken Croquettes, picturelink: null}, 35699: {instructions: Peel and clean prawns, dice into small chunks about 14inch along with scallops and rock shrimp. Place into mixing bowl, add half the amount of tomatoes, also half amount of basil. Except for the capers, add remaining ingredients, mix well and set aside. Place casing in a sausage stuffer machine and make sausages about 6 inches in length. Blanch in simmering water, do not over cook.nHeat olive oil in a hot skillet. Brown both sides and cook through. Place each sausage in a serving bowl 1 per person, and serve with the remaining diced tomato, basil, and capers poured over the sausage., ingredients: [6 ounces shrimp 6 to 8 medium sized, 6 ounces fresh rock shrimp, 8 ounces fresh scallops, 4 ounces peeled, seeded, and diced Roma tomatoes, 1 ounce fresh basil, julienned, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 4 teaspoons capers, 1 pound pork casing, thoroughly cleaned, 1 ounce extravirgin olive oil], title: Seafood Sausage, picturelink: null}}