{3300: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCook the Brussels sprouts in a large pot of boiling salted water until softened but not falling apart, about 5 minutes. Timing will vary depending upon the size of the Brussels sprouts. Drain well.nPlace the oil and garlic in a 9 by 13inch baking pan and roast until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts and salt and toss to coat. Toss together the Parmesan, and breadcrumbs in a small bowl and scatter the mixture over the Brussels sprouts. Dot with the butter.nBake until the crumbs are golden brown and the Brussels sprouts are tender and piping hot, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed, halved through the stem end, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits], title: Parmesan Crumb Coated Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: XZo3baO8LP9tYUXCJuVLlvyqce00Jf6}, 3301: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor Hers: To make the sandwich, spread the mayonnaise on 2 slices of bread. Top 1 slice of bread with 1 slice of meatloaf, 1 slice of tomato and the cole slaw. Top with the other slice of bread.nFor His: To make the sandwich, spread the mustard on the remaining 2 slices of bread. Top 1 slice with the remaining slice of meatloaf, tomato and the lettuce. Top with the other slice of bread.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a small skillet over mediumlow heat until hot but not smoking. Add the chopped onion and saute until softened and brown, about 6 minutes. Add the parsley and cook for another minute. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey with the breadcrumbs, egg, 14 cup of the ketchup, cooked onion mixture, salt and pepper. Mix until fully combined. Form into a loaf and transfer to a 9by5inch loaf pan. Using a pastry brush or the back of a spoon, brush the remaining 3 tablespoons of ketchup over the loaf.nEvenly scatter the sliced onions over the loaf, drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until the meatloaf is cooked through, 55 to 60 minutes. Yield: 4 to 6 servingsnIn a large bowl, combine the cabbage, onion, mayonnaise, relish, lemon juice, Dijonmayonnaise spread and salt and pepper to taste. Chill for at least 30 minutes and up to overnight before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 4 slices bread, toasted, 2 thick slices Turkey Meatloaf, recipe follows, 2 slices ripe large tomato, such as beefsteak, 2 tablespoons Gwens Cole Slaw, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 lettuce leaf, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 small onions, 1 finely chopped and 1 cut into halfmoon slices, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 1 12 pounds dark meat ground turkey, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons seasoned breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for sprinkling, 14 small head cabbage, cored and thinly sliced 2 cups, 14 small onion, diced, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sweet relish, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijonmayonnaise spread, such as Dijonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: His and Hers Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich, picturelink: WR8AS9pJ3DFPPIbaRZRSyAO9lFLfSa}, 3302: {instructions: Dissolve sugar and water in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.nPeel and seed the cantaloupes. Cut into 2inch pieces. Puree in a food processor. Strain through a medium sieve. Mix strained cantaloupe juice, sugar syrup, and lemon juice with a wire whisk.nPour into an ice cream machine. Add some cantaloupe pulp, if desired. Freeze to a smooth consistency, according to manufacturers directions.nServing suggestion: You may wish to place in the freezer compartment of your refrigerator for a few hours to harden. Serve in a dessert glass topped with whipped cream or with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Garnish with fresh mint leaves., ingredients: [1 quart 32 ounces water, 1 pound, 4 ounces sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 mediumsized ripe cantaloupes], title: Cantaloupe Italian Ice, picturelink: null}, 3303: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the water to a rolling boil, add the lentils, and cook, covered over mediumhigh heat, until nearly but not entirely tender, about 20 minutes. Add the garlic, the olive oil, the tomatoes, the salt and the pepper. Reduce the heat, cover and continue to simmer briskly for another 10 minutes, stirring a few times, or until the lentils are fully tender. If using capellini, break it into 2 to 4inch pieces and add them to the lentils. Cook, covered, at a steady simmer, stirring several times and scraping the bottom of the pot when you do. Cook until the pasta is just done, stirring more frequently as it gets closer to the point of being cooked. If using a small tubular pasta or pasta mista, cook the pasta at least halfway in plenty of salted boiling water. Drain the pasta, add it to the lentils and simmer to finish cooking the pasta. When either pasta is cooked to taste, remove the pot from the heat, stir in the parsley cover the pot, and let stand about 5 minutes before serving. Serve hot, passing hot pepper oil or the bestquality extra virgin olive oil for drizzling on top., ingredients: [5 cups water, 34 cups lentils, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes, with some juice, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 12 pound vermicelli, or small tubular pasta, or pasta mista, 2 rounded tablespoons finely cut or snipped parsley, Optional: extravirgin olive oil and hot red pepper flakes or hot pepper oil, for garnish], title: Pasta e Lenticchie, picturelink: null}, 3304: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a nonstick 9by5inch loaf pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until smooth. Gradually add the flour mixture and mix until just incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the mascarpone and vanilla. Mix until incorporated.nTransfer the batter to the prepared loaf pan and bake for 70 to 75 minutes, or until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs attached. Cool in the pan for 30 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and cool completely on a wire rack, about 2 hours.nFor the icing: In a large bowl, using a highpowered hand mixer on medium speed, beat the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and beat until the mixture forms soft peaks. Gradually beat in the sugar. With the mixer running on low speed, drizzle the coffee extract into the egg whites. Increase the speed to high and beat for 3 to 4 minutes until smooth and thick. Place the icing in a serving bowl.nCut the pound cake into thin slices and serve with a dollop of icing., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 cups flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 egg whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon coffee extract], title: Chocolate Mascarpone Pound Cake with Coffee Meringue Icing, picturelink: RhpSzTfflImDVrtOlRWA1znxuFOInAm}, 3305: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet, combine the broth, water, butter, brown sugar, cumin, and 12 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Add the carrots, reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 4 to 5 minutes.nUncover the pan and let the liquid cook down until it reduces to a glaze, about 2 to 3 minutes. Toss the carrots to generously coat them with the glaze. Stir in the lemon juice and parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [12 cup chicken broth, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 34 pound carrots, cut on the bias into coins, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Glazed Carrots, picturelink: f6q454BqHf2Xaq3UQsUQLUUe7vaIRQy}, 3306: {instructions: In a 6quart kettle, bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil.nIn a large bowl whisk together flour and salt.nIn a heavy saucepan, bring milk just to a simmer. Put the parsley in a blender. With the blender motor running, add the milk to the parsley, and blend until milk is very green.nIn a bowl, whisk together eggs and water and add parsley milk in a slow stream, whisking constantly.nAdd milk mixture to flour mixture, whisking until mixture forms a soft, smooth batterlike dough.nForce the dough through a spaetzlemaker into the boiling water, or drizzle through a largeholed colander.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Stir the spaetzle gently, to separate, and boil for 5 minutes, or until just tender.nIn a large colander drain the spaetzle and rinse well under cold water. Drain the cooled spaetzle well and transfer to a large baking dish.nIn a small heavy saucepan, cook the rosemary with salt and pepper, to taste, in butter over moderate heat, stirring, for 2 minutes.nDrizzle the rosemary butter over the spaetzle, tossing well.nSeason the spaetzle with salt and pepper. Spaetzle may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nBake the spaetzle, covered with foil, in oven 20 minutes, or until heated through., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 2 cups packed fresh parsley leaves preferably flatleafed, washed and spun dry, 34 cup milk, 3 large eggs, 12 cup water, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Herbed Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 3307: {instructions: Mix all together and spoon on top of scallops. Garnish with a little more wasabi tobiko. Plate on crushed ice or rock salt., ingredients: [12 shucked scallops small or singing, 1 minced shallot, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon wasabi tobiko], title: YearEnd Scallops on the Half Shell, picturelink: null}, 3308: {instructions: For the marinade: Combine the yogurt, cilantro, ginger, garlic and some salt and pepper in a food processor. Blend until smooth. Pour the marinade into a large resealable bag. Rinse and pat dry the chicken and place in the bag with marinade. Mix around and refrigerate for 24 hours.nFor the chicken: Add the almonds to a pan over mediumhigh heat. Keep stirring until the nuts become golden in color, 7 to 10 minutes. Once they toast, remove from the pan and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute for until golden, 2 minutes. Throw in the onions and saute for 8 more minutes. Remove the onions and set aside, reserving the oil.nWipe down the marinated chicken and cut into bitesize pieces. Pour the flour on a plate and mix in a big pinch of salt and freshly cracked pepper. Toss the chicken pieces in the flour to lightly coat. Fry the chicken over medium heat in the same pan and oil as you cooked the onions, until golden brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nFor the curry sauce: Heat a small pan over medium heat. Add the hot curry powder and stir often until fragrant about 30 seconds. Heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 12 cups water, the toasted curry spice, raisins, chutney, brown sugar, turmeric, lemon juice and the toasted almonds. Stir and bring to a simmer.nWhisk together the stock and flour in a measuring cup to make a thickener, and then pass through a sieve to remove any flour chunks.nAdd the thickener to the curry sauce and mix well. Turn the heat down to mediumlow and add the sauteed onions and garlic, the crisped chicken and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for 30 minutes.nLadle some chicken curry onto a plate and serve with sliced ripe bananas and sweet shredded coconut., ingredients: [2 cups lowfat plain yogurt, 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 3 cloves garlic, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 chicken breasts, 12 cup slivered almonds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 tablespoons hot curry powder, 12 cup dark raisins, 2 tablespoons hot mango chutney, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, Juice of 1 large lemon, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, Sweet shredded coconut, for garnish], title: Chicken and Banana Curry, picturelink: null}, 3309: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 13 by 2inch casserole dish.nIn a medium bowl, mix the corn, chiles, cheeses and mayonnaise until fully combined. Spread the mixture in the prepared casserole dish and bake, uncovered, until bubbly around the edges, 30 to 40 minutes. Serve the dip warm from the oven with corn chips., ingredients: [Cooking spray or butter, to grease, Two 11ounce cans Mexican corn, drained, Two 4.5ounce cans chopped green chiles, drained, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese about 8 ounces, 23 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup mayonnaise, Corn chips, for dipping], title: Hot Corn Dip, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 3310: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Sift flour, sugar and salt into a bowl. Rub in the diced butter until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Combine the mixture with the egg and cream.nMelt the butter in a saute pan, add onions, salt and pepper. Cook onions until soft and golden in color.nGrease a deep 12inch flan tin, and line with greaseproof paper. Roll out pastry so that it is larger than the flan tin and bake blind for 10 minutes. Trim pastry edges and leave to cool.nStrain the juice from the onion mixture and fill the pastry case. Whisk the eggs and cream together and pour over the onions. Grate the cheese over the top and place in oven for a further 30 minutes or until the egg mixture is set., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces unsalted English butter, chilled and diced, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon single cream, 6 ounces English butter, 10 onions, diced small, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 3 eggs, 1 cup double cream, 5 12 ounces Blue Wensleydale cheese], title: Onion Tart, picturelink: null}, 3311: {instructions: In a large saucepan, stir together the tomatoes, sugar, molasses, 12 cup peach preserves. ketchup, chili sauce, apple cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, rice vinegar, and chipotle powder. Simmer over medium heat until the sauce is thickened and flavors have blended, about 30 minutes.nLet the sauce cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a blender with the remaining 14 cup peach preserves season with salt to taste. Cool completely, then store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 34 cup chunky peach preserves, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup chili sauce Recommended: Heinz, 14 to 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, Salt], title: Peach Chipotle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3312: {instructions: For the croutons: In a small saucepan, over low heat, gently cook garlic in oil and wine until tender and golden. Remove garlic cloves and place in a food processor. To the juices in the pan, add enough olive oil to give you 14 cup of liquid. Add white beans, sherry vinegar, and lemon juice to the food processor and puree. With the motor running, add in garlicolive oil mixture. Remove from processor and stir in crispy pancetta, salt, pepper, and a sprinkle of red pepper flakes. Spread mixture on bread slices and broil or toast in a hot oven until heated and slightly bubbly.nFor the oysters: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPut oysters into a bowl and check for bits of shell. Butter the bottom of an 8 or 9inch pie pan and place oysters in pan. Mix the bread crumbs with all remaining ingredients and distribute evenly over the oysters, patting a little. Place pan in the hot oven and bake for about six to eight minutes or until crumbs are brown and bubbling. Remove from oven and serve immediately.nTo serve: Mound a serving of oysters attractively on each plate and flank with two croutons., ingredients: [12 cup whole garlic cloves, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup softcooked white beans, 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 pound finely diced pancetta, cooked until crispy, then drained, fat reserved, Red pepper flakes, 8 14inch slices ciabatta or other Italianstyle bread, 1 pint shucked oysters approximately 24, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 to 1 12 cups bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, 14 cup good quality olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped mixed herbs, such as rosemary, thyme, and sage, 14 cup grated grana padano or Parmigiano Reggiano, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Oysters ItalianStyle with Ciabatta Crouton, picturelink: null}, 3313: {instructions: For the sauce: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. Add onion and garlic and saute for 3 minutes, until softened. Add the rest of the ingredients bring to a boil, then simmer until sauce is reduced to 2 cups, about 30 minutes.nPreheat grill pan. Season steak with salt and pepper and rub with oil. Grill steak about 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. Let rest 10 minutes and serve with sauce on side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups ketchup, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup apple cider, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup lagerstyle beer, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 3 1 pound each and 12inch thick primeaged New York Strip Steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Grilled New York Strip Steak with Beer and Molasses Steak Sauce, picturelink: DdSKdPsMgnBj5U8U8.bFBY5geeI9qW}, 3314: {instructions: Pulse the mushrooms in batches in a food processor until finely chopped. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, 1 tablespoon beer and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the walnuts and peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until the peppers are crisptender, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, 34 teaspoon black pepper and chipotle powder and cook, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms are just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nAdd the remaining beer, the ketchup, tomato paste and 18 teaspoon salt and cook while stirring until the sauce is the consistency that you like, about 2 minutes.nSpoon the mixture onto each bun. Serve with toppings if desired., ingredients: [1 pound cremini mushrooms, halved, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large sweet onion, diced, 1 34 cups light beer drink whats left in the bottle, Kosher salt, 13 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and diced, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 6 whole grain hamburger buns, Shredded red cabbage or lettuce, pickled jalapeno and scallions, for serving, optional], title: Spicy Vegan Sloppy Joes, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 3315: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo clean the mussels, put them in a large bowl with 2 quarts of water and the flour and soak for 30 minutes, or until the mussels disgorge any sand. Drain the mussels, then remove the beard from each with your fingers. If theyre dirty, scrub the mussels with a brush under running water. Discard any mussels whose shells arent tightly shut.nIn a large nonaluminum stockpot, heat the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook for 5 minutes then add the garlic and cook for 3 more minutes, or until the shallots are translucent. Add the tomatoes, saffron, parsley, thyme, wine, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil.nAdd the mussels, stir well, then cover the pot, and cook over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until all the mussels are opened discard any that do not open. With the lid on, shake the pot once or twice to be sure the mussels dont burn on the bottom. Pour the mussels and the sauce into a large bowl and serve hot., ingredients: [3 pounds cultivated mussels, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 cup chopped shallots 5 to 7 shallots, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic 5 to 6 cloves, 12 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes, drained 4 ounces, 12 teaspoon good saffron threads, 13 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup good white wine, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Mussels in White Wine, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 3316: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, shallots, and prawns, and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the wine and liqueur. Return the pan to the heat and carefully flambee. Add the tomatoes and tarragon and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 2 more minutes. Add the butter and reduce slightly. Add the cooked pasta and toss well. Garnish each serving with a tarragon leaf and chives., ingredients: [4 ounces olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 16 Monterey Bay prawns, 3 ounces Chardonnay or dry white wine, 2 ounces liquorice liqueur, 14 cup diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces sweet butter, 12 ounces linguini, cooked, 4 sprigs tarragon, 4 chives], title: Prawns Sambuca, picturelink: null}, 3317: {instructions: Preheat grill to high.nPlace tied salmon steaks on the alder planks. Cut 1 12inch hole in center of tied steaks. Finely mince fresh dill and mix with cream cheese. Spoon the mixture into the center of steaks. Season with lemon zest, paprika, salt, and cracked black pepper. Place planks on grill until they begin to smoke, reduce heat to medium low and cover grill. Cook slowly for 15 to 20 minutes or until the fish begins to flake easily. Do not overcook. Garnish with lemon wedges and fresh herbs., ingredients: [4 34inch thick salmon steaks, boned and securely tied with butchers string, Alder planks green or soaked in water for 24 hours, 1 bunch fresh baby dill, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 lemon, zested and cut into wedges, I pinch paprika, Salt, Fresh cracked black pepper, Fresh herbs, for garnish], title: Salmon Medallions, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 3318: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, heat the olive oil over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook very slowly, stirring frequently, until the garlic has turned golden, about 3 or 4 minutes. Be very careful not to let the garlic scorch or burn. Transfer the mixture to a shallow ceramic baking dish and let cool. Add the prawns and the chile to the garlicky oil, toss to coat them evenly, and refrigerate overnight, covered. Make the sauces below and, when ready to serve, preheat a grill or broiler to medium heat. Grill the prawns for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, then transfer to a warm platter. Scatter the salt and lime juice over them and serve immediately, accompanied by the Avocado Mayonnaise and the Ancho Chile Mayonnaise., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 10 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds giant prawns, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon minced arbol chile, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Giant Prawns al Mojo de Ajo with Two Sauces, picturelink: null}, 3319: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the yeast over the warm water. Let stand for a few minutes.nIn a mixer, combine the flour and salt. With the mixer running on low speed with the paddle attachment, drizzle in the olive oil until combined with the flour. Next, pour in yeastwater mixture and mix until just combined and the dough comes together in a very sticky mass.nForm the dough into a ball, drizzle over olive oil and toss to coat the dough. Then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set it aside for 1 to 2 hours, or store in the fridge until you need it.nTo make focaccia, remove half the dough from the bowl leave the rest for another time and place on a lightly floured surface. Place the chopped rosemary on top of the dough, then very gently knead it into the dough. Dont over knead Roll into a large, thin oval. Place on a sheet pan drizzled with olive oil. Drizzle more olive oil on top of the dough, then cover with plastic wrap. Put in a draftfreewarm place for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap the dough will be puffy and use your fingertips to press dimples all over the surface of the dough. Drizzle the surface with more olive oil and sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake until the focaccia is golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes.nCut into pieces with a pizza wheel or sharp knife. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 12 cups warm water not lukewarm, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 13 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, chopped], title: Rosemary Focaccia, picturelink: at017fgp06SixrvYk6dAgIG5RZG9Zx6}, 3320: {instructions: Heat a large heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot and toast pumpkin seeds, stirring constantly, until they have expanded and begin to pop, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer seeds to a plate to cool. In skillet heat sesame and cumin seeds, peppercorns, allspice, and cloves, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute, and transfer to the plate. When seeds and spices are cool, grind them in batches in a clean electric spicecoffee grinder.nIf using fresh tomatillos, discard husks and rinse with warm water to remove stickiness. Stem serrano chilies. In a saucepan simmer fresh tomatillos and serranos in salted water to cover 10 minutes. If using canned tomatillos, drain them and leave serranos uncooked. Transfer tomatillos and serranos use a slotted spoon if simmered to a blender and puree with onion, garlic, 14 cup cilantro and salt until completely smooth.nHeat the oil in a 5quart heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the tomatillo puree and cook, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Add 2 12 cups of the broth and stir in the powdered pumpkinseed mixture. Simmer sauce, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nIn blender, puree 12 cup broth and remaining 14 cup cilantro until completely smooth. Stir puree and chicken into sauce and heat until hot.nTransfer the chicken mixture to a bowl or plate and garnish with pumpkin seeds and cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 cups hulled green pumpkin seeds about 7 ounces, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 6 black peppercorns, 4 allspice berries, 3 cloves, 1 pound fresh tomatillos or a 28ounce can tomatillos, 6 fresh serrano chilies, 12 large white onion, 4 garlic cloves, 12 cup packed coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 6 cups cooked, shredded chicken, Garnish: chopped toasted hulled pumpkin seeds and chopped fresh coriander leaves], title: Chicken in Green Chile Sauce, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 3321: {instructions: Combine the cocoa butter and milk chocolate together. Add the praline paste. Mix well. Stir in the paillete feuilletine. Spread evenly into a 9 by 13inch pan lined with parchment paper. Chill until set. Remove from pan and into cut squares. Coat squares with chocolate. When chocolate is almost set, dust with cocoa powder., ingredients: [1 12 ounces cocoa butter, melted, 1 12 ounces milk chocolate, melted, 1 pound praline paste, 8 ounces crushed wafers paillete feuilletine, Tempered dark chocolate, Cocoa powder], title: Praline Feuillete, picturelink: null}, 3322: {instructions: Spread softened butter on white bread. Sandwich with sliced mortadella and watercress. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces. Top with sliced olives., ingredients: [], title: MortadellaWatercress Tea Sandwich, picturelink: c8pZQ1U02FNjcpB6v9qCSR5uiHAjJhm}, 3323: {instructions: For the dry ingredients: Mix together the sifted flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, cinnamon and pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the chocolate chips.nFor the wet ingredients: In another bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, white sugar, canola oil, eggs, ginger juice and vanilla.nAdd the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir to combine.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. On a greased cookie sheet, press fistsize cookie dough balls out and sprinkle with rock salt and sugar. Bake the cookies for approximately 11 minutes or until the cookies start to crack. They should be nice and fudgy in the middle This recipe should make 12 BIG cookies or many more small ones., ingredients: [1 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 cup sifted cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, or more if you like it hot, 1 cup chocolate chips or chunks, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons freshsqueezed ginger juice or freshgrated ginger root, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Diablo Cookies, picturelink: null}, 3324: {instructions: Dice the Nashi pears and place into a saucepan with the white wine, sugar, pinch of salt, and enough water to cover pears. Bring to a boil, cook for 5 minutes, remove and cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the cipollini onions, leaving the root intact, and arrange so that they sit tightly yet flat on the bottom of a pan. Add the honey, olive oil, and 1 ounce of Worcestershire sauce, cover with aluminum foil and roast for 10 minutes or until tender.nHeat a nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the fois gras, and saute on each side until golden brown on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside.nIn a separate pan, heat the Nashi pears with the orange confit and the cipollini onions. Finish with the basil leaves and place a small pile in the center of each plate. Place the fois gras on each plate and add the sauce on top of each fois gras., ingredients: [2 Nashi pears, 1 ounce white wine, 14 ounce sugar, 1 pinch salt, 8 cipollini onions, 14 ounce honey, 14 ounce extravirgin olive oil, 1 ounce Worcestershire sauce, Four 4ounce portions foie gras, 2 pieces orange confit, diced, 12 bunch baby basil], title: Sauteed Foie Gras with Cipolini Onions, Nashi Pear, and Worcestershire Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3325: {instructions: Put the corn cobs into a large pot with just enough water to cover break the cobs in half if they dont fit. Bring the water, over mediumlow heat, to a simmer and cook the cobs for 20 minutes. Discard the cobs and reserve 3 cups of the cooking water.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the corn kernels, chicken broth, cream, and reserved corn water. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and let simmer for about 10 minutes. Add the shrimp and simmer until just opaque, 2 to 3 minutes.nLadle the chowder into soup bowls and garnish with the green onions. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 ears corn, kernels removed and reserved and cobs reserved, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 2 cups chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined, and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 green onions scallions, white and light green parts, trimmed and chopped], title: Corries Creamy Corn Chowder, picturelink: null}, 3326: {instructions: Combine the walnuts, cranberries, brown sugar, oats, butter, lemon juice, cinnamon and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl and squeeze together until a wet and sandy mixture is formed.nScoop the core out of each apple with a melon baller, taking care not to scoop completely through to the bottom or the sides. Stuff each apple with some of the cranberrywalnut mixture. Place the apples in the slow cooker insert and pour in the apple cider. Cover and cook on low until the apples are tender but still slightly firm, 3 to 4 hours depending on the size and type of apple. If your apples are on the smaller size, check after 2 hours they may cook faster.nServe each apple whole or cut in half in a bowl with a scoop of ice cream and a drizzle of maple syrup., ingredients: [34 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, 12 cup chopped dried cranberries, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup rolled oats, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 4 large or 6 medium firm baking apples such as Rome, Golden Delicious or Honey Crisp, 1 cup apple cider, Vanilla ice cream and pure maple syrup, for serving], title: SlowCooker CranberryWalnut Stuffed Apples, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 3327: {instructions: Stir together KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, flour, salt, soda and spices. Set aside.nIn electric mixer bowl, beat together brown sugar and margarine on medium speed until thoroughly combined. Add applesauce, molasses and egg whites. Beat on low until smooth. Add cereal mixture, mixing until combined. Drop by level tablespoon into sugar and roll to coat. Place on baking sheets coated with cooking spray. Press with bottom of measuring cup dipped in sugar to 2 14 inches in diameter.nBake at 375 degrees F about 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from baking sheets and cool on wire racks. Store in airtight container., ingredients: [3 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ginger, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 14 cups firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup margarine or butter, softened, 2 egg whites, 14 cup unsweetened applesauce, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup granulated sugar], title: Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 3328: {instructions: Pat fillets dry, season with salt and pepper and dredge in flour and shake off excess flour. In a measuring cup, melt butter in microwave. Heat nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Pour in clear butter and leave milk solids in measuring cup. Place fish in hot butter and cook until golden. Flip fillet and cook other side until golden. Remove golden fish to paper towels to drain. In a small skillet, heat butter over medium high heat until milk solids begin to brown. Stir in lemon juice and parsley. Drizzle browned butter over fillet and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 fillets flounder, 2 inch thick, Salt and pepper, 2 cup flour, 1 stick butter, 3 tablespoons minced parsley, 1 lemon, half for juice and half cut into wedges], title: Sauteed Flounder with Seasoned Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 3329: {instructions: To make a courtbouillon: Pour 1 gallon of water into a 16quart stock pot over medium heat. Tie the thyme, parsley and bay leaves together with kitchen string to make a bouquet garni. Place the herb bundle in the stock pot and secure the end of the string to the pot handle for easy removal. Cut the lemon in half and squeeze the juice into the water, then drop in the lemons. Add wine, peppercorns and sea salt. Bring to a rolling boil.nCut off the rubber bands that secure the lobster claws. Place live lobsters in the freezer for 15 minutes to disable movement. Plunge lobsters head first into the stock pot, cover, and boil for 15 minutes. The lobster shells will be red and the tails will curl up when done. Remove lobsters from boiling liquid with tongs.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Bring to a boil until the milk solids have separated and sunk to the bottom of the pan. Ladle out the clarified butter and place in a warm cup until the lobster is done., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 6 fresh flat leaf parsley sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 1 lemon, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 14 cup sea salt, 4 2pound lobsters, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened], title: Boiled Maine Lobster, picturelink: null}, 3330: {instructions: Special equipment: A candy thermometernLine an 8 by 8inch baking pan with parchment paper. In a castiron pot with a candy thermometer attached, bring the brown sugar, granulated sugar, butter, evaporated milk and salt to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Keep stirring until the thermometer registers 240 degrees F the softball stage. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to lukewarm.nAdd the maple syrup and vanilla. With a hand mixer on low, mix in the powdered sugar keep mixing until the white of the powdered sugar is gone. Using a silicone spatula, continue mixing for 5 minutes until the mixture is smooth, creamy and pale. Fold in the pecans. Scrape the mixture into the prepared baking pan. With the silicone spatula, flatten and smooth out the mixture. Lightly dust with cayenne pepper. Set aside and allow to cool for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup evaporated milk, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup pecans, roughly chopped, Cayenne, for dusting], title: Spicy Maple Fudge, picturelink: null}, 3331: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPierce each tomato with the tip of a pairing knife. On a small straight sides baking sheet toss together the tomatoes, olive oil, salt, garlic and basil. Toss to coat and roast for 30 minutes or until the tomatoes are beginning to blister. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nTurn the oven up to 425 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured board, roll out the pizza dough to 14 inch thickness. Using a cookie cutter or the tip of a sharp knife cut 6 5 inch hearts and place them on a straight sided baking sheet. Bake the heart for about 12 minutes or until lightly puffed and beginning to brown. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly. Split the hearts in half through the equator like you are making a sandwich. Divide the mozzarella and tomatoes evenly over the cut side of the bottom half. Sprinkle evenly with the parmesan and top with the other half of the dough. Brush the tops with olive oil and sprinkle with oregano. Bake for an additional 5 minutes or until the cheese is melted and the tops are golden. Serve warm drizzled with more olive oil if desired., ingredients: [1 pint cherry tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 sprigs basil, 1 pound pizza dough, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 12 cup grated parmesan, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Positano Pizzas, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 3332: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, lemon zest, garlic powder, and wasabi paste. Fold in salmon, chickpeas, celery and cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nIn a medium bowl, combine rice and mirin. Toss to combine and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Place a large lettuce leaf on each plate. Divide rice among lettuce cups. Spoon salmon mixture over rice., ingredients: [13 cup light mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon wasabi paste, 2 6ounce cans salmon, drained, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 stalk celery, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked rice, 14 cup mirin or rice wine, 4 Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves], title: Salmon and Chickpea Salad Over Chilled Mirin Rice, picturelink: K3E.59JuyyMi06jnwndqE8LPlL0K9K}, 3333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake:nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSift the flour together with 12 cup of the sugar and set aside.nPut the egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer. Be SURE that the bowl is clean and dry, any fat in the bowl can prevent the egg whites from whipping up fluffy fluffy fluffy Add the salt and the cream of tartar to the egg whites. Beat the egg whites on a mediumhigh speed until they reach soft peaks, about 5 minutes.nWhile the mixer is running, gradually add the remaining sugar. DO NOT plop the sugar in all at once or it will push the air out of the whites that we are trying to beat in. Add in the vanilla and zests and then stop the mixer. Add 13 of the floursugar mixture and fold gently fold, do this quickly but gently. Repeat the process 2 more times until all of the floursugar mixture is incorporated.nTransfer the cake batter into an ungreased tube pan. Bang the cake pan on the counter a couple of times to release any air bubbles trapped in the cake batter.nBake the cake on a sheet tray in the preheated oven until it is light and springy, about 1 14 hours. Cool the cake for at least 1 hour before unmolding. Serve with the tropical fruit compote.nFor the compote:nIn a food processor or blender, puree the coarsely chopped mango and 12 cup orange juice. If this mixture needs a little more sweetness, add in the 2 teaspoons of sugar and puree for another 10 seconds or until the sugar has dissolved.nCombine all of the fruit and remaining orange juice and let the mixture sit at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes.nServe slices of the cake drizzled with the mango puree and sprinkled generously with the fruit compote. Garnish with mint and serve.nWow How tropicalfruity and the cake is light as air, ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 1 cup sugar, 12 large egg whites egg whites from large eggs, no yolks in the whites, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zested, 1 orange, zested, 2 ripe mangoes, 1 peeled and coarsely chopped and 1 peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, divided, 2 teaspoons sugar, if needed, 1 12 cups fresh pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch dice, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 1 star fruit carambola, cut into thin star slices, 1 cup halved red seedless grapes, 2 tablespoons chiffonade of mint, for garnish, Special Equipment: Angel Food Cake Pan], title: Angel Food Cake with Tropical Fruit Compote, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 3334: {}, 3335: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425degrees. Use an ungreased baking sheet. Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in a bowl, stirring with a fork to mix well. Add the dried fruit. Still using a fork, stir in the cream and mix until the dough holds together in a rough mass the dough will be quite sticky. Lightly flour a board and transfer the dough to it. Knead the dough 8 or 9 times. Pat into a circle about 10 inches round. For the glaze, spread the butter over the top and side of the circle of dough and sprinkle sugar on top. Cut circle into 12 wedges and place each piece on the baking sheet, allowing 1inch between pieces. Bake for 15 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup chopped dried California Apricots, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Dried Apricot Scones, picturelink: null}, 3336: {instructions: Combine the jicama, pineapple, corn, bell peppper, habanero chile, cilantro, and garlic in a blender or food processor container. Process in 2 batches, using a few stopandstart motions, for a relishlike consistency. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour to allow flavors to blend., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely chopped jicama, 1 cup finely chopped fresh pineapple, 1 cup niblet corn, 12 cup diced green or red bell pepper, 1 habanero chile, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 garlic clove, minced], title: Corn, Jicama and Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3337: {instructions: Soak the bread in 1 cup of water for 5 minutes, and then squeeze out the excess water. Place the bread in a blender or food processor add the tomatoes, cucumbers, bell pepper, onion, and garlic. Puree the ingredients until almost smooth, leaving a little texture. Pour the vegetable mixture into a large bowl stir in the tomato juice, sugar, paprika, salt, pepper, vinegar, oil, parsley, and lemon juice until well combined. Refrigerate the soup for at least 2 hours until very well chilled the flavors will develop as it sits. Season the gazpacho again with salt and pepper before serving. Serve in chilled bowls or tureen and top with desired garnishes., ingredients: [3 slices day old French bread, crusts removed, 2 pounds vineripe medium tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 small kirby cucumbers, coarsely chopped, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 cups tomato juice or water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Spanish paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, Chopped tomato, Chopped cucumber, Chopped bell pepper, Chopped onion, Chopped hardcooked egg, Lemon wedges], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 3338: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a salad bowl, combine the watermelon, feta cheese, watercress, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Gently toss until all the ingredients are combined. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 2 pound piece watermelon, rind removed and flesh cut into 12inch cubes, 1 4ounce block feta cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 packed cup watercress or arugula, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Watermelon With Watercress and Feta, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 3339: {instructions: In a large stainless steel bowl, mix the grapeseed oil and all of the vegetables and olives together. In a glass bowl combine the lemon juice, light olive oil, chili flakes, tarragon, rice wine vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine the dressing with the vegetables and refrigerate for 4 hours, allowing the flavors to meld. When ready to serve, transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl and garnish with scallions.nCooks Note: Blanching is a form of cooking by which dropping raw vegetables into boiling salted water for 3 to 5 minutes and then immediately transferring to a bowl of iced water. When shocking with ice water, it instantly stops the cooking process., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 yellow squash, diced, 1 zucchini, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 15 button mushrooms, cut in quarters, 2 cups cauliflower florets, blanched, 1 cup broccoli florets blanched, 1 cup celery, cut into 1inch slices, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup light olive oil, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped scallions], title: Vegetables a la Grecque, picturelink: null}, 3340: {instructions: Heat skillet on high for 2 minutes, add oil, squash, zucchini, green onions, garlic and saute until tender. Do not overcook. Remove from heat. Salt and pepper to taste. Add fresh tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound yellow squash, sliced, 14 pound zucchini, sliced, 1 bunch green onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 to 3 Roma tomatoes, diced], title: Sauteed Squash, picturelink: null}, 3341: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Combine the flour, margarine, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Work with your fingers, gathering and crumbling, until you have a crumbly mixture, about the size of peas.nSlowly add cold water in small amounts, gently incorporating it by hand. As soon as the dough comes together in a ball, wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Mix the goat cheese, heavy cream, egg, sugar, flour, salt and basil together in a bowl. Add the blueberries and mix to the desired texture.nFor the topping: Mix the almonds, sugar and margarine in a bowl set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the dough and place it in a 10inch pie pan. Pour the filling into the crust and sprinkle over the topping. Bake, rotating half way through, for 25 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 to 34 cup cold margarine, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, Cold water, 12 cup soft goat cheese, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 large egg, Pinch salt, 5 cups fresh blueberries, 1 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup melted margarine], title: Blueberry Goat Cheese Pie, picturelink: KMwyYOOy9U1iVefTaB9ZHPKRiXi6l6}, 3342: {instructions: Mix 4 tablespoons softened butter, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest and 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs. Spread on white bread and sandwich with sliced cucumber. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces., ingredients: [], title: CucumberButter Tea Sandwich, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 3343: {instructions: Prepare the chiles: Slit chiles open on one side and soak for 1 hour in water with vinegar and salt to remove some piquancy.nRemove chiles from water and drain and dry them. Stuff with cheese and roll in flour to coat. Coat chiles with Batter and fry over medium heat, turning once. Remove chiles and drain on paper towels. Keep hot in preheated oven.nTo serve, divide Hot Sauce among 8 serving plates. Place chiles in center of plate, on top of sauce. Serve with hot tortillas. Chiles also may be stuffed with shredded flank steak fried with onion and chiles or with mincemeat.nPrepare the sauce: Put tomatillos in a saucepan with quartered onion, 6 garlic cloves and chiles. Cover with hot water and bring to a boil. Cook for 25 minutes over low heat. Cool and drain, reserving cooking water. In a blender or food processor, blend these ingredients, adding chopped onion and garlic cloves. Heat oil in a saucepan and fry sauce briefly. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, seasoning to taste. If sauce thickens too much, add small amount of cooking water. Keep warm.nPrepare the batter: Heat oil in a saucepan. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Season with salt. In another bowl, lightly beat egg yolks with a bit of flour. Fold into whites., ingredients: [24 chiles jalapenos, roasted, peeled, seeded, deveined and sweated in plastic bag for 8 minutes, 2 quarts water mixed with 14 cup vinegar plus 1 teaspoon salt, 24 thin slices mild Cheddar, Monterey Jack, Feta, or fresh Mozzarella, Flour, Batter, recipe follows, Hot Sauce, recipe follows, 25 tomatillos, husked, 1 white onion, quartered, plus 1 white onion, coarsely chopped, 9 cloves garlic, 3 chiles chipotles or 2 chiles pasillas, lightly fried, Hot water, 23 cup vegetable oil, Salt, to taste, 1 quart vegetable oil, 10 eggs, separated, Salt, to taste, Flour], title: Chiles Rellenos a la Huasteca: Stuffed Chiles, Huasteca Style, picturelink: null}, 3344: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lobster tails and simmer until cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove the tails from the water and let cool. Remove the meat from the shell, discard the shell and chop the meat into bitesize pieces.nBring the water back up to a boil and add the potatoes. Boil the potatoes until very tender, about 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes and put them back into the pot.nAdd the milk, butter, clam juice, soy sauce and wasabi paste. Mash the potatoes and blend in all the ingredients. Stir in more milk if the potatoes are too dry. Gently stir in the tarragon and lobster meat. Season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Salt, 3 lobster tails, fresh or frozen and thawed, 4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 12 cup whole milk, plus more if needed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon clam juice, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 teaspoons wasabi paste, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Wasabi Lobster Mash, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 3345: {instructions: Stir the orange juice concentrate and Campari in a pitcher to blend. Stir in the sparkling water. Fill 6 tall glasses with ice. Pour the Campari mixture over. Garnish with the orange peel twists and serve., ingredients: [1 12ounce can frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 12 cup Campari, 2 cups sparkling mineral water, Ice cubes, 6 orange peel twists], title: Campari Spritzer, picturelink: 3xRHOdapJz64f.Tt1bnyuQRZPeIT5Fi}, 3346: {instructions: Special equipment: A 6cup doughnut pannFor the batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 6cup doughnut pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, coconut, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. In a small bowl, whisk together the milk, melted butter, almond extract and egg. Fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir just until combined.nTransfer the batter to a plastic ziptop bag and cut the corner to make about a 12inch opening. Squeeze the batter evenly into the depressions of the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into a doughnut comes out clean, 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack to cool slightly, then carefully tip the doughnuts out onto the rack to cool completely, about 45 minutes.nFor the glaze and toppings: In a shallow bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar and cocoa powder. Add 4 teaspoons of the milk and whisk to make a smooth glaze. Add a little more milk if necessary.nDip the top of each cooled doughnut in the glaze. Top with the toasted coconut and almonds., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup toasted sweetened flaked coconut see Cooks Note, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup natural cocoa powder, 4 to 6 teaspoons whole milk, 12 cup toasted sweetened flaked coconut see Cooks Note, 12 cup toasted sliced almonds see Cooks Note], title: Coconut Almond Baked Doughnuts, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 3347: {instructions: Cut meat, as uniformly as possible, into 2 by 3 inch cubes. Generously sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Cook meat until golden brown on all sides, then reserve on a platter. In same pot, cook onions, stirring occasionally, until golden. Reduce heat to medium, add garlic and all dry spices, and cook about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Return meat to pan and pour in lamb stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, 1 hour 15 minutes. Occasionally skim and discard fat that rises to the top.nLadle warm stew over a bed of basmati rice and serve with Orange Dal with Ginger and Garlic. Garnish with yogurt and Fried Onions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds boneless, trimmed lamb shoulder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 onions, diced, 2 tablespoons pureed garlic, 2 tablespoons black mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons garam masala, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes, 2 quarts brown lamb stock or canned chicken broth, Plain yogurt and Fried Onions, for garnish], title: Lamb Curry, picturelink: null}, 3348: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill ice trays with the coconut water and freeze until solid.nPlace the fruit, honey and 12 to 14 coconut water flavored ice cubes into a blender and blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Coconut water, regular or flavored, 2 bananas, 2 mangos, 1 cup strawberries fresh or frozen, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Coconut Water Smoothie with Mango, Banana and Strawberries, picturelink: ruRxRt7mW6a8QGuuMYo8irmPBBj13qm}, 3349: {instructions: Heat the vegetable broth and 2 cups water in a pot.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the olive oil in another pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and saute until softened but not colored, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the rice and stir well, evenly coating all the grains, then add the white wine and cook until reduced, about 3 minutes, without lowering the flame.nLower the flame and start adding the broth one ladle at the time, stirring almost constantly to prevent the rice from sticking. Add the crust of Parmigiano and some pepper, stir well and keep cooking. The rice should be ready in about 20 minutes depending on the brand. Its best to taste it starting at 15 minutes to make sure you remove from the heat when the perfect texture has been reached and you dont overcook it. It should taste cooked and not raw, but still have a little bite to it. The whole grains should be intact, but be coated by a creamy starchy sauce.nWhen ready, remove the rice from the heat and melt in the remaining tablespoon of butter and the grated Parmesan cheese. Set aside to cool off for a few minutes until almost room temperature, and then stir in the speck and melon. Add salt to taste before serving.nServe garnished with a zucchini flower, if using, and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable stock, or more as needed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for garnish, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 1 ParmigianoReggiano crust, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 34 cup handcut speck, sliced into strips, 12 Tuscan melon, peeled and diced 14 inch 34 cup to 1 cup, Sea sat, Zucchini flowers, for garnish, optional], title: Warm Risotto with Melon and Speck, picturelink: null}, 3350: {instructions: In a large saucepan cook beans in boiling water for 30 minutes until tender. Drain.nHeat oil, garlic and shallots over medium heat until golden. Add beans and stir until nicely coated with oil. Add chicken stock and simmer until 13 liquid remains, about 15 to 20 minutes Add butter and cook until thickened. Finish with grated lemon zest and parsley. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bring cider to a boil and reduce by 34. Drizzle on plate.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 cups white beans or gigante bean, 6 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces garlic, sliced, 4 ounces shallots, sliced, 10 ounces chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 lemons, zested, 3 ounces Italian parsley leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 quarts apple cider recommended Knudsens], title: Bean Ragout, picturelink: null}, 3351: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium heat.nBrush the mushrooms with some oil and season them with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until they are golden brown and soft, then transfer them to a serving bowl or platter. Drizzle with a few teaspoons of truffle oil, some of the baby arugula and shave a few pieces of Parmigiano over the mushrooms. Sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds wild mushrooms, recommended: shiitake, oyster, cremini, sliced morels, and chanterelles, Canola oil, as needed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Truffle oil, as needed, 2 cups baby arugula, 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Grilled Mushrooms with Truffle Oil and Shaved Parmesan, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 3352: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan.nMix together the garlic powder, black pepper and salt until well blended.nForm the ground beef into 4 burger patties and sprinkle each side with some of the seasoning mixture. Lightly oil the grill and grill the burgers until brown on both sides. Sprinkle the shrimp with the remaining seasoning mixture and grill alongside the burgers until pink on both sides.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large saute pan. Saute the spinach until slightly wilted, then remove and set aside. Saute the crabmeat pan in the same pan, stirring until all the lumps are coated with the remaining butter, about 1 minute. Remove the crab and set aside.nWhen the burgers have reached their desired temperature, place the spinach and then the crabmeat on top of each burger while still on the grill. Firmly place a provolone slice on top of the crabmeat. Briefly grill the tomato slices on each side, then place on top of the provolone, followed by 3 shrimp and then another slice of the provolone. Remove the burgers from the grill when the provolone cheese has melted, place on the kaiser rolls and enjoy, ingredients: [2 ounces garlic powder, 2 ounces black pepper, 2 ounces salt, 2 pounds ground 8020 beef, Vegetable oil, for greasing, Twelve 1620size tiger shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 1 pound baby spinach, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 8 slices provolone, 4 slices tomato, 4 kaiser rolls], title: Surf and Turf Burger, picturelink: null}, 3353: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven, such as Le Creuset. Add the oxtails, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes until browned all over. Remove the oxtails with a slotted spoon and reserve.nAdd the leeks, carrots, onion, celery, and garlic to the fat in the pot and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, until the vegetables start to brown. Tie the thyme sprigs together with kitchen string and add to the pot along with the bay leaves. Return the oxtails to the pot and add the broth, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Raise the heat and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, cover, and simmer for 1 hour. Discard the thyme bundle and the bay leaves, and skim off the fat.nMeanwhile, bring 4 cups of water to a boil and add the barley. Simmer uncovered for 30 minutes, drain, and set aside.nWhen the soup is ready, add the barley and cook the soup for another 15 or 20 minutes, until the barley is tender. Depending on the saltiness of the stock, the soup might need another teaspoon of salt and some pepper. Serve hot, with or without the oxtails., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 2 pounds beef oxtails, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts 2 leeks, 2 cups 12inch diced carrots 4 carrots, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 1 cup 12inch diced celery 2 stalks, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme leaves, 3 bay leaves, 10 cups canned beef broth, 1 cup pearled barley], title: Rich Beef Barley Soup, picturelink: Qepy8klUfeSVxoBGTjpRGq1rUgvNaCa}, 3354: {instructions: Spread the Skillet Cornbread and French bread cubes out on 2 baking sheets and let them dry for about 24 hours until totally crisp. Once dry, transfer the cubes to a large mixing bowl and toss to mix them up a bit.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWarm up a large skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat and add the butter. When its melted, add the celery, carrots and onions, and cook for a few minutes until the onions are almost translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and add the rosemary, thyme, sage and turmeric. Gradually ladle the broth mixture into the bread, tossing lightly as you go. Keep gradually adding the broth mixture, tasting as you go and adding more seasoning and herbs if needed. Add salt carefully. You dont want to over salt your stuffing. If the mixture is not quite moist enough, add a bit more chicken broth and stir. Stir in the fresh parsley.nPlace the dressing in a rectangular baking dish and bake until golden brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the shortening in a castiron skillet. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, milk and egg until fully combined. Slowly incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry, stirring until well combined. Melt the remaining 14 cup melted shortening and add to the batter, stirring constantly. Pour into the hot skillet, smoothing the surface with a spatula. Place in the oven and bake until golden brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 loaf crusty French bread, diced into 1inch cubes, 1 stick butter, 2 cups finely diced celery leaves included, 2 carrots, peeled and very finely diced, 1 large onion, diced, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed, 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh rosemary, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground thyme, 14 teaspoon ground sage, 18 to 14 teaspoon turmeric, Kosher salt, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, Skillet cornbread, recipe follows, diced into 1inch cubes, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons shortening, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup milk, 1 whole egg], title: Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 3355: {instructions: Combine the cream and milk in a heavy bottom, 2 quart saucepan. Place over medium heat and bring to a boil. Bring the water in a double boiler to a simmer. Place the chocolate in the top half and stir with a rubber spatula until melted. Whisk the egg yolks into the melted chocolate. Slowly pour the boiling cream mixture into the chocolate, whisking constantly. Bring to a temperature of 160 degrees, about 3 12 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a stainless steel bowl. Cool in an ice bath, stirring constantly with a wire whisk to a temperature of 90 degrees F., about 4 to 5 minutes. Evenly divide the mixture into 8 small pot de creme forms or glass custard cups. Cover each with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours to set before serving. Spoon the sauce over the top of each pot de creme and serve with the Florentines.nRemove the seeds from 2 pomegranates and set aside. Remove the seeds from the other 2 pomegranates and place in a small saucepan with the sugar and water. Bring to a boil. Boil until all of the seeds burst and the mixture begins to thicken, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, strain and allow to cool. Stir in the whole pomegranate seeds.nRecipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse, 2000nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cream the butter and sugar together with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add the egg and beat until incorporated. Add the vanilla, baking soda and salt and beat until smooth. In a food processor or blender, combine the oats and pecan pieces and pulse several times to grind. Add this to the creamed mixture and beat until incorporated. The dough will be stiff and sticky. Drop by the teaspoonful, about 3 inches apart, onto the prepared pan. Flatten the dough slightly with your fingertips. Bake for 6 minutes until lightly golden. Remove from the oven and carefully roll the cookies into cylinder shapeslike a cookie cigar while they are still hot. Cool completely on wire racks., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 12 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup Pomegranate Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 dozen Florentine Cookies, recipe follows, 4 whole pomegranates, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 14 pound butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 1 cup quick cooking oats, 1 cup pecan pieces], title: White Chocolate Pots du Creme, picturelink: WDpN7BDlc7rzV8q.6lLFLynTCQQ4oD.}, 3356: {instructions: Brush a nonstick skillet with olive oil. Dip fish in flour and shake off excess. Heat skillet until hot. Add fish and saute, without moving, until it just sets and turns a bit golden, 1 to 2 minutes. With a spatula, flip the fish over to the other side and cook until the fish is firm and cooked through, about 2 minutes. Remove fish to dinner plates Add water lemon juice and zest to skillet and increase the heat to medium high. Scrape up browned bits on bottom of pan and boil until syrupy about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from the heat and swirl in butter and parsley. Season with salt and pepper and spoon over fish. Serve with steamed sugar snap peas or other vegetable. French bread on the side would be lovely., ingredients: [34 pound fresh sole fillets, cut into 4 manageable pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons flour, 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, rinsed and minced], title: Crackling Fish Fillets, picturelink: null}, 3357: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 8 by 10inch pieces parchment paper 4 12inch pieces kitchen stringnIn an ovenproof nonglass baking dish 11 by 8inch, combine the coconut milk, stock, fish sauce, lime juice, ginger, serrano, garlic, cilantro, and Thai basil. Add the fish, turn to coat, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the fish from the marinade and reserve. Add the vegetables to a small ovenproof dish and cover with the marinade. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and place in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes.nOnce the vegetables are cooked, drain the marinadecooking liquid into a small saucepot and place over mediumlow heat to reduce.nPat the fish dry and strain as much liquid from the vegetables without damaging them. In the center of a piece of parchment, place 14 of the vegetables, top with 1 portion fish, and 1 slice fresh lime and fold the parchment around the fish and vegetables like a package. Secure with the kitchen string and place on a baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove the packets to individual serving plates, cut open to reveal, and garnish with a sprinkle of fresh cilantro and a wedge of lime., ingredients: [1 cup coconut milk, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 2inch piece ginger, sliced into coins, 1 serrano pepper, seeds removed and minced, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped garlic, 34 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 12 cup fresh Thai basil, chiffonade, 4 6ounce portions mahi mahi, 1 leek, white part only, cleaned and julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 2 large carrots, peeled and julienned, 1 lime, sliced into rings, plus 1 lime, cut into wedges, for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: AsianStyle Baked Mahi Mahi, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 3358: {instructions: In a food processor or blender puree the cantaloupe with the lemon juice in batches until it is very smooth and in a bowl chill it, covered, for at least 3 hours or overnight. In the food processor or blender puree the honeydew with the lime juice and the minced mint in batches until it is very smooth and in a bowl chill it, covered, for at least 3 hours or overnight. Pour at the same time, using 2 measuring cups, equal amounts of both soups into chilled bowls and garnish each serving with sour cream if desired and a mint sprig., ingredients: [1 small very ripe cantaloupe, peeled, seeded and chopped coarse, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 12 very ripe honeydew melon, peeled, seeded and chopped coarse, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh mint, or to taste, plus additional mint sprigs for garnish, Sour cream for garnish if desired], title: Two Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 3359: {instructions: Special equipment: a large square Belgian waffle ironnPreheat a large square Belgian waffle iron.nUnroll the puff pastry sheets and cut each evenly into 4 squares. To assemble, roll out 1 square of puff pastry with a rolling pin into at least a 5by5inch square. Place 3 tablespoons apple pie filling in the center and fold the pastry over to form a triangular pocket. Use a fork to crimp the edges. Repeat with the remaining puff pastry squares and apple filling.nSpray the waffle iron with nonstick cooking spray. Place 1 turnover into each of the 4 square areas on the waffle iron. Close the top and cook for 4 12 to 5 minutes the pastry will be golden brown and toasted. Repeat with the remaining turnovers., ingredients: [1 package 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 12 cups apple pie filling, coarsely chopped, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the waffle iron], title: Waffled Turnover, picturelink: 36BQofC5Y6GzR0iHMA4U7NgLPOI7k2}, 3360: {instructions: To prepare the ogo: Blanch the ogo in a pot of boiling water for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain ogo and rinse under cold, running water. Soak ogo in ice water for 5 minutes, to seal in flavor and crunchiness. Drain well and place in a large bowl.nAdd Fresh Lemon Dressing, garlic, chile paste, and soy sauce, and mix well.nMix all ingredients together and shake well., ingredients: [1 pound ogo, 34 cup Fresh Lemon Dressing, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon Korean chile pepper paste, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 cup lemon juice, strained, 2 cups water, 12 cup distilled vinegar, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 1 14 cups sugar], title: Ogo Seaweed Salad with Fresh Lemon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 3361: {instructions: Heat oil or butter in a wide braising pan or casserole. Add onion and garlic and cook over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring and being careful not to get too much color on the onions. Add the greens be sure to wash carefully as they have a tendency to be gritty and stir. Cover for about 5 minutes to wilt, then cook over medium low heat for at least 15 to 20 minutes, or until greens are tender and not bitter. Sprinkle with the vinegar, season with salt and pepper, stir, and remove from heat. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil or butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 8 cups chopped and washed greens, such as collards, turnips, mustards, red chard, or preferably, a blend of several, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Smothered Greens, picturelink: null}, 3362: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Spread the butter on both sides of the bread.nBuild the sandwich with the ham and cheeses and place in the hot skillet. Cook until the bread is golden and toasty, a few minutes on each side.nArrange the tomato halves for the eyes, 14 cheese slice for a nose and pickle spear for a smile.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 slices rustic white bread, 2 slices ham, 2 slices American cheese, plus 14 slice for serving, 2 slices mozzarella cheese, 1 grape tomato, halved, 1 small pickle spear], title: Smiling Grilled Cheese, picturelink: L5Kn3VKhqJ1Tuo.z9SWiz0HzfWkfslK}, 3363: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together the oats, flour, wheat germ, cinnamon and salt.nIn another bowl, whisk together the honey, applesauce, oil, egg and egg white until well combined. Stir in the oatmeal mixture until well combined. Add the dried cherries and walnuts.nCoat an 8inch square baking pan with cooking spray. Spread the mixture into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes outnclean, 30 to 35 minutes. Put the preserves in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. As soon as the bars come out of the oven, brush with the preserves. Cool completely and cut into 12 bars, about 4 by1 12 inches each., ingredients: [1 cup quickcooking oats, 34 cup wholewheat pastry flour or regular wholewheat flour, 14 cup toasted wheat germ, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup honey, 13 cup unsweetened applesauce, 14 cup canola oil, 1 egg, beaten to mix, 1 egg white, 34 cup chopped dried tart cherries, 12 cup finely chopped walnuts, Cooking spray, 14 cup fruit only apricot preserves], title: Walnut and Dried Cherry Bars, picturelink: cvwKk9G8s2TtTXdqyld..vNm0TIwq}, 3364: {instructions: In saucepan, add the eggs and enough hot water to cover the eggs. Cook the eggs for 12 minutes at a rapid boil. Remove the eggs to a bowl of cold water and let cool for about 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the eggs are cooling, prepare the truffle mayonnaise by whisking the remaining 2 egg yolks, in a medium bowl, until the yolks are stiff and increased in volume by 20 percent. Slowly whisk in the truffle oil and olive oil, ensuring that all of the oil is being absorbed before more is added. Continue to add the oil until all of it has been added, then season with hot sauce, salt and white pepper, to taste. Stir in the parsley and the dry mustard and set aside.nRemove the eggs from the water, peel and remove the yolks to a medium bowl. Add truffle mayonnaise and mix well with a fork. Arrange the cooked whites on a flat service and fill the well with the prepared egg mixture. Arrange on a serving platter and garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, plus 2 yolks, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 dashes hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Salt and white pepper, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon dry English mustard recommended: Colemans, Chives, for garnish], title: Truffle Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 3365: {instructions: Whisk the flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, allspice, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, molasses and superfine sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just incorporated. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes or overnight.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Working with 1 piece of dough at a time, roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface until about 18 inch thick. Cut out shapes using 3inch cookie cutters and arrange on 2 ungreased baking sheets. Gather the scraps and refrigerate until firm reroll once to cut out more cookies. Refrigerate the cutouts until firm, about 10 minutes.nBake the cookies, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until the edges are just browned and set, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the icing: Whisk the confectioners sugar with 1 tablespoon boiling water in a small bowl add 1 teaspoon water if the icing is too thick. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag snip off a small corner and pipe the icing onto the cookies. Let set, about 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup molasses, 13 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Gingerbread Cutouts, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 3366: {instructions: Pulse the pineapple, soy sauce, ketchup, brown sugar, rice wine, honey, hoisin sauce and fivespice powder in a blender or food processor until smooth. Transfer to a medium saucepan and add the ginger. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool. Add the pork chops, turning to coat cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat a grill to medium high and lightly brush the grates with vegetable oil. Remove the pork chops from the marinade, letting the excess drip off transfer to a baking sheet and let rest 15 minutes before grilling. Transfer the marinade to a saucepan.nCook the marinade over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until it boils and thickens slightly, about 7 minutes. You can also do this in a castiron skillet on the grill. Strain through a finemesh sieve and set aside.nTransfer the pork chops to the grill and cook until marked, about 6 minutes. Flip and continue grilling until cooked through, 3 to 4 more minutes. Remove the pork from the grill and let rest 5 minutes. Serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 14 cup honey, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 2inch piece ginger, sliced into thin rounds, 6 bonein pork sirloin chops 12 inch thick about 2 12 pounds total, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: Hoisin FiveSpice Pork Chops, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 3367: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the kosher salt, seasoned salt, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika, black pepper, cayenne, lemon pepper, thyme and oregano in a bowl. Stir in the brown sugar. Rub the brisket with the dry rub, wrap in plastic TIGHTLY and refrigerate overnight.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nPut the brisket in a baking pan. Top with the celery, garlic, onions and green peppers. Pour over the tomatoes and tomato paste and stir, then add the coffee. Cover with foil and bake until the meat is very tender and shreds easily, 6 to 8 hours.nRemove the meat to a large cutting board and shred. Serve the shredded meat with the vegetables and juices. Garnish with chopped parsley. Serve with grits.nHeat the butter and oil in a pan and add the jalapenos, onions and bell peppers. Cook until softened, 5 minutes or so.nPour in the grits, followed by the broth and 3 cups water. Stir, and then bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, and then cover and cook for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the halfandhalf. Stir, and then cook until the grits are tender, another 20 to 30 minutes. At any time, add more broth if the grits look like they need more cooking liquid.nRemove the grits from the heat and stir in the cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon pepper, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, One 6 to 8pound beef brisket, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 onions, sliced, 2 green bell peppers, sliced, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes with their liquid, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 cups brewed coffee with chicory, cooled, Chopped fresh parsley, for serving, Grits, such as Creamy Cheese Grits, recipe follows, for serving, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 jalapenos, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 4 cups stoneground grits, 8 cups lowsodium chicken or beef broth, plus more if needed, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups grated Cheddar], title: Cajun Brisket, picturelink: ZPfYy6TMJK2yiFc60Rs7en26Lnz0le}, 3368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFit a food processor with the thickest slicing blade. Cut the cabbages into small wedges and place horizontally into the feed tube. Process in batches. Next, fit the food processor with the grating blade. Cut the carrots in half and place in the feed tube so they are lying on their sides. Process in batches and mix in a bowl with the grated cabbages.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, sugar, vinegar, celery seeds, celery salt, salt, and pepper. Pour enough of the dressing over the grated vegetables to moisten them. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound white cabbage 12 small head, 34 pound red cabbage 12 small head, 5 carrots, 2 cups good mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons celery seeds, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetable Coleslaw, picturelink: zJc9DKsZ.8sJirYEy8B7B7DFSRXW9Vy}, 3369: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet, add the garlic and onion and saute until the onion is transparent. Meanwhile, slice the squash and peel and cube eggplant. Flour the pieces lightly. Add the squash, eggplant and green peppers to the skillet, cover and cook slowly about one hour. Add the tomatoes and simmer, uncovered, until the mixture is thick. Season with salt and pepper. Add the capers during the last fifteen minutes of cooking. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 2 or more garlic cloves, peeled and chopped, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 zucchini, well scrubbed, 1 small eggplant, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 green peppers, seeded and cut in strips, 5 ripe tomatoes, peeled and sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon capers], title: Ratatouille Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 3370: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pour a mound of kosher salt onto a rimmed baking sheet. Prick the potatoes all over with a fork and nestle them in the salt this prevents the potatoes from browning and draws out their moisture. Bake the potatoes until forktender, about 45 minutes. Let sit until just cool enough to handle.nHalve the potatoes lengthwise and scoop the flesh into a potato ricer discard the skin. Press the flesh through the ricer onto a floured counter or cutting board let cool 3 to 4 minutes.nSpread out the potatoes slightly. Beat the egg with 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl and drizzle over the potatoes.nSprinkle the potato mixture with 1 cup flour and knead until a smooth dough forms, adding up to 12 cup more flour if the dough is sticky. Cover with a kitchen towel and let rest 10 minutes.nLightly flour your surface. Divide the dough into 6 pieces and roll into snakes, about 12 inch in diameter. Cut into 12to1inch lengths with a bench cutter or knife transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet and lightly dust with flour.nMake the sauce: Melt the butter in a large skillet over high heat. Cook, stirring, until the butter develops brown flecks and smells nutty. Watch it closely to keep the butter solids from burning. Remove from the heat.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi wait until they float to the surface, then simmer 30 more seconds. Taste one to make sure its cooked through. Return the brown butter to mediumlow heat. Scoop the gnocchi from the pot with a spider or slotted spoon, transfer to the skillet and toss until some of the brownbutter flecks stick to the gnocchi. Add the red pepper flakes, sage and a few tablespoons of the gnocchi cooking water toss again. Remove from the heat and add half of the cheese. Divide among bowls and top with the remaining cheese.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 large russet potatoes 1 12 to 1 34 pounds, 1 to 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoons salted butter, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 4 sage leaves, thinly sliced, 12 cup shaved andor coarsely grated parmesan cheese], title: Gnocchi With Brown Butter and Sage, picturelink: vh9EMyTn8rSx0Uh2MdX8n9evdFcZMNm}, 3371: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the smashed garlic and onion and cook, stirring, until soft and lightly golden, about 8 minutes. Add the wine, thyme, bay leaf, 12 teaspoon salt, pepper to taste and the cheese rind. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add 5 cups water, reduce the heat to low and bring to a gentle simmer cook until the garlic is very soft, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the bread and let soak, 10 minutes.nRemove the thyme, bay leaf and cheese rind from the saucepan stir in the grated cheese, sour cream and 12 teaspoon salt. Transfer the soup to a blender in batches and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, the sliced garlic and a pinch of salt in a skillet over low heat cook until the garlic is golden and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes.nDivide the soup among bowls. Top with the fried garlic, some of the garlic oil, and dill.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 small heads garlic, smashed and peeled, plus 3 cloves, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 piece parmesan cheese rind, plus 12 cup grated parmesan, 2 cups cubed dayold crusty bread, 13 cup sour cream, Fresh dill, for topping], title: Garlic Soup, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 3372: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Do not cover. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 45 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and return them to the pan. Swirl the pan over medium heat until the skins are dry, about 1 minute. Halve the potatoes crosswise. Put the halves in a ricer cutside down and press the potato through the ricer into a bowl. The flesh should easily pass through the holes and the skins remain in the ricer. Discard the skin, and repeat with the remaining potatoes. Alternatively, peel the cooked potatoes and put through a food mill or mash with a handheld potato masher.nHeat the butter and milk in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot but not boiling. Add the nutmeg, if desired, stir into the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nVariations: Add: Prepared horseradish Blue cheese Roasted garlic Chopped fresh herbs Prepared pesto Real bits of bacon Use olive oil instead of butter Prepared wasabinCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes about 4 medium, whole, scrubbed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup whole milk, Freshly grated nutmeg optional, Freshly ground black or white pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 3373: {instructions: Place a small tray or a plate in the freezer. Remove the gelato from the freezer to soften, about 5 minutes. Remove the chilled tray from the freezer. Scoop out 16 bitesized balls of gelato and place in the freezer for at least 1 hour. Remove from the freezer and quickly insert a wooden popstick into each gelato ball. Return them to the freezer for at least 1 hour.nWhen the gelato balls have frozen with their sticks in place, place the chocolate in a doubleboiler over very gently simmering water until melted. Next to the pot of chocolate, place the toasted, chopped hazelnuts in a shallow bowl.nRemove the gelato balls from the freezer, 4 at a time. Working quickly, hold the gelato ball by the stick and dip into the melted chocolate, then dredge it in the hazelnuts. Return them to the freezer and continue with 4 more gelato balls, until all the gelato balls are covered in chocolate and nuts. Freeze the chocolateandnutcovered gelato for at least 1 hour.nThese are very fun, festive, and tasty. The ice cream scoop I used is a number 40 holds 1 tablespoon, is 1 12 inches in diameter., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla gelato or ice cream, 1 12ounce bag chocolate chips about 2 cups, 1 cup finely chopped toasted hazelnuts about 5 ounces, Special equipment: bitesized ice cream scoop and wooden popsticks], title: Vanilla Gelato Bites with Chocolate and Hazelnuts, picturelink: zzqJrdXeixjkpLjujiE1JFZpYhQtpMe}, 3374: {instructions: Place chocolate into a heat proof mixing bowl.nPlace a saucepan on lowmedium heat and fill it with the cream. Warm the cream until it begins to lightly and slowly boil. Add the warm cream to the chocolate and continually stir to melt the chocolate.nOnce the chocolate has melted add the chili powder and whisk until smooth and fully infused.nImmediately transfer to a fondue pot heated at low or serve directly from the bowl or in a small saucepan.nArrange the dippables on a platter or plates around the chocolate pot. Use a fondue fork, bamboo skewer, seafood fork, or salad fork to dip the fruit pieces and other dippables into the hot melted chocolate mixture. Eat immediately.nIf the fondue begins to feel a little stiff, add a tablespoon of warm heavy cream and stir., ingredients: [12 ounces dark chocolate chips, 8 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon chili powder], title: Naughty but Spiced Chocolate Pot, picturelink: null}, 3375: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, sesame oil, and salt and pepper to taste.nIn a bowl toss cabbage, carrot, and scallion with 2 tablespoons soy sauce mixture.nRemove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary. Pat scallops dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. In a heavy nonstick skillet just large enough to hold scallops in one layer heat remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute scallops until golden and cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Transfer scallops to a bowl. Add remaining soy sauce mixture to skillet and boil until reduced to a glaze. Add glaze to scallops and toss to coat well. Keep scallops warm.nAdd slaw to skillet and cook over moderately high heat, stirring, just until cabbage is wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Season slaw with salt and pepper.nServe slaw topped with scallops and garnished with scallion greens., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 3 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 1 scallion, sliced thin, 12 pound sea scallops, Thinly sliced scallion greens], title: Glazed Sea Scallops with Wilted Napa Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: null}, 3376: {instructions: In a large skillet over medium heat, add the canola oil. When it is hot, add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook until they are lightly browned and have given up their liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved onions, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the reserved spinach and cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Toss in the pasta and cook until it is warmed through, about 2 minutes. At the last minute, stir in the basil, cheese, and olive oil. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, beat together 1 egg with a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Whisk in 1 tablespoon canola oil. Add half the spaghetti reserve the other half for another use. Toss it well to coat and press it into a 9inch deep dish pie pan to form a crust.nIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining oil. When it is hot, add the onion and cook until it is softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside reserve half the cooked onions for another use.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the remaining 2 eggs, milk, Italian seasoning, and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the cheese, spinach reserve 34 cup spinach for another use, and remaining half of the cooked onions. Pour the mixture on top of the spaghetti pie crust, top with tomato slices, and sprinkle with Parmesan. Place onto a baking sheet and bake until the pie is set and golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, One 10ounce package baby portabella mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Reserved cooked onion from Spinach and Pasta Pie, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Reserved spinach from Spinach and Pasta Pie, Reserved cooked pasta from Spinach and Pasta Pie, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 large eggs, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, divided, One 16ounce box spaghetti, cooked according to package directions, drained, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 14 cup milk, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, Half 4ounce package crumbled feta cheese, Two 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 plum tomato, sliced thin, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Round 2 Recipe  Spinach and Mushroom Pasta, picturelink: y2YBJSosnIknWp4UCDb.i.JAeW7gVm}, 3377: {instructions: Combine the gin, maple syrup, lemon and orange juice and bitters in a cocktail shaker. Add some ice and shake a few times. Strain the drink into a martini glass and garnish with the orange rind., ingredients: [1 12 ounces gin, 12 ounce grade B pure maple syrup, 14 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 dashes bitters, such as Angostura, Ice, Orange rind], title: Old Vermont Cocktail, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 3378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: potato ricer or food mill fitted with the fine grinding disk, highspeed blender or food processornIn a saucepan, combine the water and kombu over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Adjust the heat to maintain a low simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the bonito flakes. Cover the pot and let stand for 10 minutes.nStrain the liquid through a finemesh sieve placed over a clean saucepan and discard the contents of the sieve. Add the potatoes, place the pan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer until the potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife, about 40 minutes.nJust before the potatoes are ready, in a small saucepan, bring the cream to a simmer over medium heat.nDrain the potatoes, discarding the liquid. Pass the potatoes through a potato ricer into a small saucepan. Add the cream and whisk well to incorporate. Place over low heat and stir until the mixture is smooth. Whisk the 2 tablespoons Seaweed Butter into the potatocream mixture until well blended, and then add the salt. At this point, transfer the potatoes to the desired serving vessel. This can be served familystyle in a large serving bowl, or as a side dish in individual bowls. Using a mandoline, finely shave several pieces of the frozen seaweed butter and place a few pieces on top of the potatoes. Using a grater, grate a little of the bonito over the top. Serve right away.nPut the seaweed in the blender and process on high speed until broken into fine pieces, 30 to 45 seconds. Transfer the seaweed to a large bowl and rinse under cold running water until fully hydrated, about 10 minutes. Drain the seaweed, return it to the blender, add the butter and process until fully blended. Divide the butter in half and transfer each half to a large sheet of plastic wrap. Roll the butter up in the plastic wrap pieces, forming two thick logs. Refrigerate one half and freeze the other. It will keep for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [5 cups 2000 g water, 1 sheet 15 g kombu, 34 ounce 20 g shaved bonito flakes, 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons 150 g heavy cream, 2 tablespoons 30 g cold Seaweed Butter, recipe follows, diced, plus frozen Seaweed Butter for shaving, 12 teaspoon 3 g fine sea salt, One 2inch block bonito, 1 12 ounces 45 g dried mixed seaweed, preferably equal amounts arame, wakame, nori, dulse, kombu, 1 pound 450 g salted butter, diced], title: Seaweed Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: PHz.YWSEQ71rGiz8SXewTz6kI28HpN.}, 3379: {instructions: Place all ingredients in food processor or blender, and puree. Cover salmon with mixture and leave for 3 days, refrigerated, covered, and weighted down. Remove from cure and slice thin. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 Scotch bonnets, 5 Thai chiles, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 ounces fresh ginger, 3 lime leaves, 12 cup Criollo mojo, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup sherry, 1 pound salmon fillet], title: Cubasian Cured Salmon, picturelink: null}, 3380: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the flour, milk, sugar, cocoa, oil, salt and vanilla until fully combined. Pour into a 12ounce mug and top with the chocolate chips.nMicrowave on high power for 1 12 to 2 minutes, depending on how gooey you like your cake. Carefully remove from the microwave and let cool slightly. Top with whipped cream and serve., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup milk, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 ounce dark chocolate chips 2 tablespoons, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Chocolate Cake in a Mug, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 3381: {instructions: Heat the milk, cream and 12 cup of the sugar in a 2quart saucepan until the sugar dissolves and the milk starts to simmer. Add the cocoa powder and chocolate and whisk until smooth. Pour into a heatproof measuring cup.nPlace the egg yolks and the remaining 14 cup sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on high speed for 3 to 5 minutes, until light yellow and very thick. With the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot chocolate mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the egg and chocolate mixture back into the 2quart saucepan and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until thickened. A candy thermometer will register about 180 degrees F. Dont allow the mixture to boilnPour the mixture through a sieve into a bowl and stir in the Kahlua, vanilla and salt. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the custard and chill completely.nPour the custard into the bowl of an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers directions. Stir in the Baci if using and freeze in quart containers. Allow the gelato to thaw slightly before serving., ingredients: [2 14 cups whole milk, 13 cup heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, divided, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 4 extralarge egg yolks, 2 tablespoons Kahlua liqueur, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Large pinch kosher salt, 8 Baci chocolates, roughly chopped, optional], title: Deeply Chocolate Gelato, picturelink: null}, 3382: {instructions: Place calamari in a oiled pan, grill on medium heat for 3 minutes or until calamari changes from white to purple. Add parsley, garlic and beans and stir for an additional 3 minutes. Reduce heat by half for an additional minute.nPlate, topping with cheese, oil and vinegar, ingredients: [12 pound calamari, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 3 cups habas blancas white beans, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Calamar Supremo, picturelink: null}, 3383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the brie on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper and drizzle with the honey. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it starts to ooze but not melt. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [14 wheel Brie, 4 tablespoons honey], title: Baked Brie, picturelink: mwbVpB3GIxVioep0bpUrnO2zRngb2}, 3384: {instructions: Pour oil in a deep fryer or heavy saucepan to reach halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat to 325 degrees F, use a deep fry thermometer to determine this. While the oil is heating, peel the potatoes and push through a French fry cutter to form uniform sticks. As you go, place the cut potatoes in a bowl of ice water to release some of the starch and to keep them from browning.nDry the potato strips thoroughly, this will keep the oil from splattering. Fry the potatoes in batches so the pan isnt crowded and the oil temperature does not plummet. Cook for 3 minutes until they are soft but not browned. Remove the potatoes with a longhandled metal strainer and drain on brown paper bags.nBring oil temperature up to 375 degrees F. Return the parfried potatoes to the oil in batches and cook a second time for 4 minutes until golden and crispy. Drain on fresh brown paper bags then place in a serving bowl lined with paper towels. Salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [Peanut or other vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, Salt, to taste], title: Double Fried French Fries, picturelink: null}, 3385: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Melt the butter in the butter warmer or saucepan.nHalve and pit each plum, and slice each half into 6 wedges. Place the wedges, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and the ginger in one of the bowls and toss to combine.nBrush both sides of each wonton wrapper with a little melted butter. Place on the baking sheet and sprinkle them with 1 tablespoon of the sugar. Bake until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Watch them carefully after they brown, they will burn quickly.nCombine the heavy cream, vanilla, and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in the other bowl and whip with the mixer until soft peaks form.nTo assemble the dessert, place 1 wonton on each of the dessert plates. Place 3 plum slices on top of each wonton, and top with a dollop of the whipped cream. Lay the remaining 4 wontons on top of each pile of fruit and cream, and place 3 plum slices and a dollop of whipped cream on the second wonton. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 mediumsize plums, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 8 wonton wrappers, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Wonton Plum Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 3386: {instructions: In a small saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and continue to heat until golden brown with a nutlike fragrance. Bottom of pan will be covered with brown specks. Cool butter to warm and stir in vanilla. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter and flour a 9inch round cake pan, knocking out excess flour. In a food processor finely grind whole almonds with flour, 23 cup sugar and 12 teaspoon salt.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with remaining 14 teaspoon salt until they hold soft peaks. Add remaining 13 cup sugar gradually, beating until meringue just holds stiff peaks. Fold in nut mixture gently but thoroughly. Fold in butter gently but thoroughly batter will deflate and spread in pan.nSprinkle top of batter evenly with sliced almonds and bake torte in middle of oven 35 to 40 minutes, or until it begins to pull away from side of pan and a tester comes out clean. Cool torte in pan on a rack 15 minutes and invert onto rack. Flip torte right side up and cool completely. Torte may be made 1 day ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature. Serve cake with Sour Cherry Sauce.nSour Cherry SaucenSOUR CHERRY SAUCEn3 cups sour cherries about 1 12 pounds 12 cup sugar 12 cup water 1 teaspoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon waternWorking over a heavy saucepan pit cherries. In pan bring cherries, sugar and water to a boil. Stir cornstarch mixture and add to sauce, stirring. Simmer sauce 2 minutes and cool to room temperature. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to room temperature before serving.nYield: Approximately 3 cups, ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup blanched whole almonds about 4 ounces, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 6 large egg whites, 13 cup sliced almonds, Sour Cherry Sauce see below], title: Brown Butter Almond Torte with Sour Cherry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3387: {instructions: Cook cauliflower in 1inch boiling water covered for 8 to 10 minutes until tender. Drain, sprinkle with salt and return pan to stove top uncovered. Set heat at medium and add oil, garlic, anchovies optional, unless you are dining with Vicky and crushed red pepper flakes to the pan. Break up anchovies with the back of a wooden spoon until they melt into oil. Add diced red roasted pepper, chopped olives and parsley to the pan and combine. Add cooked, drained cauliflower to the pan and toss to distribute the red, black and green confetti. Add the red pepper. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, separated into bite size florets, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 large clove garlic, cracked, 4 anchovy fillets, optional, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 jarred roasted red pepper, drained and diced into small bits, 16 oil cured olives, drained and chopped into small bits, 12 cup flatleaf parsley tops, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Salt and black pepper], title: Another of My Friend Vickys Creations: Cauliflower with Red, Green and Black Confetti, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 3388: {instructions: Preheat a barbecue, charcoal pit, or oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, add the mango sauce or mangoes. Stir in the maple syrup, pineapple chunks and pineapple juice and bring to a simmer. Continue to simmer for 8 minutes and then remove from the heat. Working with a sharp knife, score the ham on the bias, fat side up, by drawing the knife from 1 side of the ham to the other. Be sure and make the incisions deep enough about 12inch so that the glaze can reach the meat underneath the layer of fat. Continue scoring the top of the ham in the other direction to form a crisscross pattern over the top. Using the toothpicks, attach the pineapple rings to the top and sides of the ham. With a pastry brush or a large spoon, liberally apply a layer of the glaze. Place the ham in the oven or a barbecue pit and cook, frequently applying coats of the glaze about every 20 minutes. Allow 20 to 25 minutes per pound of ham in a barbecue pit and 10 to 15 in a 350 degree F oven. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 cups store bought mango sauce or 2 mangoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 cup maple syrup, light or dark, 1 4 ounce can pineapple chunks, 1 16ounce can pineapple rings, juice reserved, 13 to 15 pound ham, bonein, Toothpicks, as needed], title: Pit Fired Ham Glazed with Pineapple and Mango Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 3389: {instructions: Pour the apricot nectar in a champagne flute and top with Prosecco. Garnish with lime slices if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chilled apricot nectar or peach papaya mango juice, 12 cup chilled Prosecco, lime slices for garnish], title: Apricot Fizz, picturelink: null}, 3390: {instructions: Heat 1 12 to 2 inches oil in a deep frying pan over medium heat to 325 F degrees. Cut potatoes into thin slices lengthwise. Cut each slice into thin shoestring strips. Place cut potatoes on paper towels. Place 2 generous handfuls of potatoes at a time into hot oil, in 2 batches. Par cook the potatoes 2 minutes and transfer to a towel lined plate. Raise heat to medium high up to 375 degrees F. Allow oil to rise to a higher temperature, 3 to 5 minutes. Return potatoes to oil in 2 batches to crisp them, cooking them to a deep, golden brown color, another 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Remove potatoes from oil to clean towels to drain. Season with fine salt and serve.nFor steaks, heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add a little oil to the pan, 1 turn. Season steaks with salt and pepper. Place steaks in skillet and sear 2 minutes on each side. Reduce heat to medium and cook steaks 6 minutes longer for medium rare, 8 for medium to medium well. Remove steaks to a warm plate to rest. Add 2 tablespoons butter and the shallots to the pan. Cook shallots 2 or 3 minutes, add flour to the pan and cook a minute longer. Whisk wine into pan and lift pan drippings up. Add the last tablespoon of butter and remove the pan from the heat. Spoon wine and shallot sauce over the steaks and serve with hot, shoestring potatoes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil for frying, 3 medium russet potatoes, scrubbed and dried, Fine salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 4 NY strip steaks, 34 inch thick, 10 to 12 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry red wine], title: Steak Frites, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 3391: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl combine the flour, sugar, salt, and water. Whisk the batter well until the batter is silky smooth in consistency.nAdd the olive oil to a nonstick pie pan and heat in the oven for 5 minutes. Once the oil and pie pan are hot, add the batter. Smooth out the batter evenly. Sprinkle the raisins, pine nuts, rosemary and orange zest on top.nBake the cake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the top is golden., ingredients: [2 ounces raisins, 16 ounces sweet chestnut flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, Zest of 12 orange, Pinch salt, 2 cups water, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for pan, 1 fresh rosemary sprig, leaves picked, 1 ounce chopped walnuts, 1 ounce pine nuts], title: Chestnut Flour Cake: Castagnaccio, picturelink: null}, 3392: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTake a 2 12inch round cookie cutter and cut out 12 rounds from 2 sheets of puff pastry. Take a 12 hole mini muffin pan and place rounds of dough into each hole, pressing gently to form a cup and giving room for the filling. Cover with plastic wrap and keep the prepared pan in the refrigerator or freezer depends how long until you need it.nIn a skillet add butter and oil. Throw in the onions and cook gently until softened and caramelized, stirring frequently for about 15 to 20 minutes. Once cooked add the scallions and chives. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a bowl whisk together the egg, cream, and salt. Add the cooked onions to the custard, stirring thoroughly. Pour into the prepared pastry cups with a spoon. Break up the goat cheese and place on top of tarts. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [2 frozen puff pastry sheets, defrosted, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup finely sliced red onion, 14 cup finely sliced onion, 2 scallions, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 1 egg, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces goat cheese], title: Onion and Goat Cheese Tartlets, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 3393: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the sausages in a large nonstick skillet. Pierce the casings with a fork. Add 1inch water to the pan. Bring liquid to a boil. Cover sausages, reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes.nHeat a second skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add garlic, onion, cubanelle and red peppers. Season vegetables with salt and pepper.nDrain sausages and return pan to stove, raising heat back to medium high. Add a drizzle of oil to the skillet, brown and crisp the casings. Remove sausages, slice into 2 inch pieces on an angle and set pieces back into the pan to sear.nSplit and toast the bread under broiler. Melt oil, butter together in small pan over medium heat. Add garlic and let it sizzle 1 or 2 minutes. Brush rolls with garlic butter and sprinkle with a little dried Italian seasoning blend.nCombine the cooked peppers and onions to the sausages. Add hot peppers and hot pepper juice to the skillet. Toss and turn the sausage, peppers and onions, picking up all the drippings from the pan. Pile the meat and peppers into the garlic sub rolls and serve., ingredients: [34 pound sweet Italian sausage, 34 pound hot Italian sausage, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 2 cubanelle peppers light green mild Italian peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, 2 or 3 jarred hot cherry peppers, banana peppers or pepperoncini, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons hot pepper juice, from the jar, 4 crusty, semolina submarine sandwich rolls, 8 inches, sesame seeded or plain, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 large clove garlic, 1 12 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning, 12 a handful or 12 teaspoons each oregano, thyme, parsley], title: Sausage, Pepper and Onion Hoagies, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 3394: {instructions: Add the olive oil and onion to a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook until the onion is translucent and soft, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the onion cool.nCook the orzo according to the package directions.nGrill or boil the corn until cooked and tender, about 5 minutes. Cut the kernels from the cobs.nMix together the onions, orzo, cherry tomatoes and corn in a large bowl. Gently fold in the arugula. Drizzle with lemon oil and sprinkle the Parmesan on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, One 1pound box orzo, 4 ears fresh corn, 2 cups sliced cherry tomatoes, 4 to 5 cups baby arugula, Lemon oil, for drizzling, 12 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Orzo Salad with Corn, Arugula and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 3395: {instructions: Line an 8 by 4inch loaf pan with plastic wrap. In a small bowl, combine the egg yolks and 12 cup of the cream. In a large heatproof bowl, combine the chocolate, 12 cup of the corn syrup, and the butter. Place the bowl in a large skillet of simmering water. Cook and stir over low heat until the chocolate and butter are melted and smooth. Add the egg yolk mixture, raise the heat to medium, and cook for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Cool to room temperature.nIn a medium bowl, beat the remaining 1 12 cups cream, the powdered sugar, and the vanilla and almond extracts with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Fold into the chocolate mixture until no streaks remain. Pour into the prepared loaf pan. Cover and chill overnight.nPuree the raspberries in a blender container or food processor workbowl press through a sieve to remove the seeds. Stir in the remaining 14 cup of corn syrup and the liqueur. To serve, invert the terrine and cut into 58inch slices. Pool some of the puree onto each dessert place. Place a slice of the terrine over the puree. Garnish with fresh raspberries and mint leaves., ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, slightly beaten, 2 cups heavy cream, divided, 1 pound 16 squares semisweet baking chocolate, coarsely chopped, 34 cup light corn syrup, divided, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 10ounce package frozen red raspberries, thawed, 12 tablespoons raspberry liqueur or almond liqueur, Fresh red raspberries, Mint leaves], title: Chocolate Almond Terrine with Raspberry Puree, picturelink: null}, 3396: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOverlap 3 grape leaves, vein side facing up, to form a solid circle see Cooks Note. Place the goat cheese round in the center of the circle. Use 2 roasted pepper strips to wrap around the cheese. Carefully wrap the leaves snugly around the cheese. Repeat with remaining leaves, cheese and pepper strips.nOver high heat, cook the leaf bundles in olive oil for 1 minute on 1 side in an ovensafe skillet. Turn the bundles and cook for 1 minute more. Place the pan in the oven for approximately 3 minutes.nTo serve, place vine leaf bundle in the center of a large plate. Open up the leaves and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with crackers or bread.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the red peppers on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven on the top rack for 35 to 40 minutes, turning occasionally, or until the skin is blistered and charred. Immediately transfer the hot peppers to a small bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. When the peppers are cool enough to handle, peel off the skin and remove the stem and seeds. Cut into 1inch wide strips., ingredients: [18 grape vine leaves, rinsed and dried, 1 log soft, young goat cheese, cut into 6 rounds , 3 roasted red peppers, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 large red peppers], title: Goat Cheese Wrapped in Vine Leaves, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 3397: {instructions: Combine ingredients for the spicy mayo.nFor the beef, chop the tenderloin as fine as possible, season with salt and pepper, add 1 tablespoon spicy mayo to taste. Mold this mixture onto a serving plate and garnish with tomatoes, a few slices of jalapeno, shaved red onion, mango, and pear, a small quenelle of caviar and mascarpone, and micro cilantro. Use the sugarcane paddles as a scoop., ingredients: [2 ounces Wagyu beef tenderloin, finely chopped, 3 cherry tomatoes cut in fourths, 1 jalapeno sliced thin, no seeds, 1 small red onion, shaved julienne, 1 mango, small dice, 1 Asian pear, small dice, 12 ounce caviar, 12 ounce Mascarpone Cheese, Micro cilantro to garnish, 1 cup mayo, 2 tablespoons chili paste Tobanjan, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Sugarcane slice into 1 inch thin paddles], title: Wagyu Tartar with Spicy Mayo, Caviar and Garnishes, picturelink: null}, 3398: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 creme brulee dishesnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place 6 creme brulee dishes on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, toss together the blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, the cornstarch, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Divide the mixture evenly among the creme brulee dishes, including any juices that collect.nFor the crumble, combine the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, oats, cinnamon, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix it on low speed until the mixture is crumbly. Pinch it with your fingers until it makes large crumbles and distribute it on the berries it will not cover them entirely. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the juices are bubbly and the topping is browned. Serve warm with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups fresh blueberries 12 ounces, 2 12 cups fresh raspberries 18 ounces, 2 cups fresh strawberries, halved, or quartered if large, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup oldfashioned oats, such as Quaker, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, diced, at room temperature, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: TriBerry Crumbles, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 3399: {instructions: Whisk the olive oil, lemon juice, shallot and garlic in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add sugar, if desired depending on the sweetness of your tomatoes. Add the tomatoes and gently toss. Marinate at room temperature, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain in a colander and run under cold water to stop the cooking.nAdd the pasta and mozzarella to the tomato mixture and toss. Stir in the basil and lemon zest, and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate, tossing occasionally, until serving.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 shallot, minced, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar optional, 2 pounds mixed heirloom tomatoes, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 pound pasta, such as campanelle, penne or fusilli, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Pasta Caprese, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 3400: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk the flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, pepper and mustard together in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until just combined and lightly fluffy. Beat in the molasses and egg yolk. Gradually add the dry ingredients and mix together on low speed until dough is just combined and still crumbly, about 3 minutes. Give dough a few turns with a spatula to bring together.nLay out wax paper on a clean work surface and put about 13 of the batter on top. Lightly press down and top with another sheet of wax paper. Using your hands or a rolling pin, gently pat into a rectangle. Roll out with a rolling pin until dough is as thin as possible without breaking, no thicker than 116 inch thick. This is the key to these cookies: they really cant be too thin. Gently peel back the layer of waxed paper and then replace it loosely.nTransfer rolled batter to a flat baking sheet and freeze until firm and can easily be peeled away from the waxed paper, about 30 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough.nCut dough using a small 2 to 3inch fluted round cookie cutter and return to the freezer for 15 minutes to set. Transfer frozen cookies to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and bake until crisp and lightly, evenly colored but not brown, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 to 34 teaspoon finely ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 large egg yolk], title: Moravian Spice Cookie Wafers United States, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 3401: {instructions: Bring water to boil in large pot. Add soup and marrow bones and simmer 3 hours, skimming frequently, adding ice water occasionally to aid skimming. Add beef and herbs and simmer 1 more hour.nRemove bones and discard. Boil stock and add the turnip, carrots, leeks and potatoes. Pierce onions with cloves and add to pot. Skewer garlic clove with pick and add to pot. Add salt and pepper and let cook 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Add cabbage and coriander cook 20 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [16 cups cold water, 2 pound soup bones, well rinsed, 3 pounds marrow bones, trimmed of fat and meat, 4 ounces ice water, 3 pounds stewing beef, cut into 2 by 1 by 1inch strips, Bouquet Garni 1 bay leaf, 4 stalks parsley, 1 3inch piece celery, 1 turnip, blanched, roughly sliced, 4 carrots, roughly sliced, 8 ounces leeks, roughly sliced, 1 pound potatoes, roughly sliced, 2 medium onions, 2 cloves, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 small cabbage head, sliced into wedges, 12 teaspoon ground coriander], title: Pot Au Feu, picturelink: null}, 3402: {instructions: Heat butter in medium saucepot. Add corn and saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken stock, onion, bell pepper, celery, and tomatoes. Turn heat up and cook until all of the chicken stock has evaporated. Add garlic, Cajun seasoning, salt, hot sauce, and heavy cream. Bring to a boil. Add mirlitons and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add crawfish tails and simmer for 10 minutes or until cream starts to reduce and thicken. Add parsley and green onions and stir to combine. Serve with rice, pasta, or polenta.nServing suggestion: 6 cups cooked rice, pasta, or polenta., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 3 cups fresh corn kernels, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 cup onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped bell pepper, 12 cup celery, chopped, 1 10ounce can tomatoes, drained recommended: Rotel, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 mirlitons chayote, cooked, peeled, and diced, 1 pound Louisiana crawfish tails, 2 tablespoons parsley leaves, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped green onions], title: Crawfish Mirliton Corn Macque Choux, picturelink: null}, 3403: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Tart Shell: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, mix the 3 13 cups coconut, egg whites, confectioners sugar, and vanilla together. Lightly press this macaroon mixture against the sides and bottom of a buttered 9inch tart pan to form the walls of the tart.nBake the shell until the bottom crust is tanned and the sides are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool on a rack. Lower oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nFor the Orange Filling: While the shell is cooling, in a medium bowl, mix the yolks, sweetened condensed milk, extract, oil, orange juice, and zest together. Pour the filling into the cooled shell and bake until just set, about 15 minutes. Set on a rack to cool, then refrigerate until chilled., ingredients: [3 13 cups unsweetened shredded coconut, 3 large egg whites, 1 12 cups kosher for Passover confectioners sugar, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large egg yolks, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon orange oil or extract, 12 cup orange juice, 2 oranges, zested], title: Macaroon Crusted Orange Tart, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 3404: {instructions: Melt 12 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and sprinkle with the sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Add the beer and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the onions are tender and the liquid is slightly syrupy, about 8 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the corned beef, Worcestershire sauce and mustard.nDivide half of the cheese between 2 bread slices top with the corned beef mixture, and the remaining cheese and 2 bread slices.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sandwiches and cook, pressing occasionally with a spatula, until the bread is toasted and the cheese melts, about 4 minutes per side, adding more butter to the pan if needed.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more if needed, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup dark beer preferably porter, 2 ounces delisliced corned beef, cut into strips, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 12 cups grated jarlsberg cheese about 6 ounces, 4 slices marble rye bread], title: Corned Beef Grilled Cheese, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 3405: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill to high.n2. Crush garlic clove, sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt, and mash into a coarse paste using flat side of a large knife. Mix garlic paste together with mango, scallions, habanero, lime juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and cilantro. Set aside.n3. Pat steak dry and trim and if needed, cut in half to fit grill. Combine remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper together in a small bowl and rub on both sides of steak. Grill until slightly charred, crisp, and mediumrare, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice meat into about 3inch long sections thinly slice each section.n4. Place sliced steak on a serving platter with salsa, romaine leaves, and cucumber slices., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 mango, peeled, seeded and diced about 1 14 cups, 2 scallions, thinly sliced white and green parts, 12 habanero chile, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped,, Juice of 1 lime about 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 12pounds skirt steak, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 8 to 10 leaves Romaine, for serving, 1 to 2 Kirby cucumber, sliced, for serving], title: Skirt Steak with Mango Salsa and Romaine, picturelink: null}, 3406: {instructions: Cut the cabbage into 1inch slices and separate the leaves into pieces. Place the cabbage in a heavy skillet with the water and cook, covered, over medium heat for 20 minutes, or until the cabbage is forktender. While the cabbage is cooking, melt the butter in a second skillet and saute the onions until they are translucent. Add the flour and the curry powder, stirring to make sure they are well mixed. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, then add the milk and continue to cook until the sauce is smooth. When the cabbage is cooked, drain it and place it in a serving dish. Pour the curry sauce over it and serve hot., ingredients: [1 medium cabbage, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 large onions, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 tablespoon hot Madras curry powder, 12 cup milk], title: Curried Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 3407: {instructions: Rinse fish and pat dry. Season to taste. Lay fish, skin side down, on a piece of heavyduty foil. Cut foil to follow outline of fish, leaving a 1 to 2inch border. Crimp edges of foil to fit against fish. Arrange foilsupported fish on cooking grate. Place lid on grill. Cook until fish is opaque but still moist about 10 minutes.nSupporting fish with foil and wide metal spatula, transfer to a platter. Season to taste., ingredients: [1 salmon fillet, about 2 pounds, cut into pieces about 1inch thick, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Salmon Fillets, picturelink: null}, 3408: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 cup pico de gallo, the chopped chipotle, and adobo sauce to taste cook until the mixture starts to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Add the beans and 34 cup water bring to a low boil, then stir in the chicken and cook until the mixture is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt.nHeat the tortillas as the label directs. Arrange the rice horizontally in the lower half of each tortilla, leaving a 1 12inch border on all sides. Top evenly with the cheese, chicken mixture, lettuce and the remaining pico de gallo.nFold the bottom edge of each tortilla snugly over the filling, tuck in the sides and roll up tightly. Cut the burritos in half and serve with guacamole., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 34 cup pico de gallo or fresh salsa, 1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons sauce from the can, 1 14ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt, 4 burritosize flour tortillas, 1 13 cups cooked white rice, warmed, 1 13 cups shredded monterey jack cheese about 5 ounces, 1 13 cups shredded romaine lettuce, Guacamole, for serving optional], title: Chipotle Chicken Burritos, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 3409: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over medium high heat heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, add pork chops and brown them on both sides. Place in a casserole. In a bowl mix together chopped onion, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, water, vinegar, chili sauce, brown sugar, dry mustard, hot pepper sauce, pour mixture over chops. Cover and roast for 40 minutes. Uncover casserole and roast for 20 minutes more, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 pork chops, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons vinegar, 1 cup chili sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 to 3 drops hot pepper sauce], title: Oven Bbq Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 3410: {instructions: Special equipment: Measuring cups and spoons 1 large sealable plastic bagnDump all the ingredients into the plastic bag. Seal up the bag. Shake the bag to combine the stuff together. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup toasted cashews, 12 cup dark or golden raisins, 12 cup craisins dried cranberries, 13 cup pepitos pumpkin seeds, 14 cup dark chocolate chips, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons dried shredded coconut], title: Gorp, picturelink: null}, 3411: {instructions: Special equipment: a medium castiron skillet and four 5inch castiron skilletsnFor the poblano relish: Heat the oil in a medium skillet until it shimmers. Add the onion and cook for 1 minute just to take rawness off but still keep it crisp. Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with salt, and mash to a puree using the side of your knife blade. Add it to the onion along with the chiles. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, to just heat through, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the lime juice and cilantro.nFor the Denver omelet frittatas and crispy hammy croutons: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place four 5inch castiron skillets on a baking sheet and heat in the oven.nAdd the oil to a medium castiron skillet over high heat. Add the ham, sprinkle with pepper and cook until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the bread to the rendered fat and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to another plate lined with paper towels.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl until very light and fluffy. Stir in the Monterey Jack, Cheddar and Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the cooked ham and a few tablespoons of the poblano relish.nCarefully remove the baking sheet with the hot skillets from the oven and brush each with some softened butter. Quickly divide the egg mixture among the skillets, filling almost to the top, and immediately return to the oven. Cook until the eggs are puffy, lightly golden brown and just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Top each frittata with more poblano relish and some hammy croutons. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon canola oil, One 1inchthick ham steak, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 thick slices goodquality white bread, crusts removed, torn into ragged bitesized pieces, 10 large eggs, 14 cup grated Monterey Jack, 14 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, Whole fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Mini Denver Omelet Frittatas with Poblano Relish and Crispy Hammy Croutons, picturelink: null}, 3412: {instructions: Cover potatoes in a large pot with cold water. Bring the water to a boil until the potatoes are easily pierced with a skewer 30 minutes do not over cook. Drain potatoes and let stand until cool enough to handle. Scrape the skin off the potatoes with a paring knife. Press the peeled potato through a ricer. Spread the riced potatoes into a thin even layer on a work surface. Let cool completely.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg, salt, pepper, and nutmeg together. Gather the cold potatoes into a mound and form a well in the center. Pour the egg mixture into the well. Knead the potato and egg mixture together with both hands, gradually adding the grated cheese and enough flour, about 1 12 cups, to form a smooth but slightly sticky dough. It should take no longer than 3 minutes to work the flour. Use a knife or dough scraper to scrape the sticky dough from the work surface back into the dough as you knead.nWash and dry hands. Dust the dough, your hands and work surface lightly with remaining flour. Cut the dough into 6 pieces and set off to 1 side of the work surface. With 1 piece of dough, form a long rope using your hands in a back and forth motion.nSlice the rope into 12inch pieces. Press each piece into the tip of a fork, with your thumb roll the gnocchi off the fork. Set on a baking sheet with flour.nCook immediately in boiling salted water. They are cooked when they rise to the surface, about 1 minute. Toss in Creamy Lemon Sauce and serve.nSaute the minced garlic in butter on medium heat. Add the flour. Cook for 1 minute. Add the cream and lemon zest. After the gnocchi are cooked, toss in the sauce then top with Parmesan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 lemons, zested, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Gnocchi for Luck, picturelink: null}, 3413: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 5 minutes, then add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Stir in the crushed tomatoes, reserved bloody Mary mix and season with salt and crushed red pepper. Let simmer 5 minutes and then add the basil.nCrack the 4 eggs into the tomato sauce, and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny. Transfer some of the sauce into 2 shallow serving bowls. Add 2 eggs to each bowl and serve with toasted bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 12 cups leftover bloody Mary mix, Salt, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 4 eggs, 4 slices crusty bread, toasted], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Eggs in Purgatory, picturelink: null}, 3414: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch square baking pan.nAdd the flour, both sugars, oats and salt to a bowl in your stand mixer. Add in the butter and egg and beat at low speed. Stop the machine and scrape the bowl down a couple of times. Keep processing until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Keep 2 cups crumb mixture aside.nPress the remaining crumb mixture on the bottom the prepared pan. Spread the Raspberry Preserves over top, leaving 12inch border. Crumble the rest of the oat mixture over the preserves.nBake until lightly browned, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool completely before cutting into bars.nPut your raspberries and 14 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat. Once its at a simmer, partially cover and cook 8 to 10 minutes. Pass the berry mixture through a food mill and measure the liquid that remains. You need 3 12 cups. Add more water if there isnt enough.nPut the berry liquid into a new saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer again. Once it simmers, start adding your sugar in 12 cup increments. Give it a stir to incorporate and bring it back to a simmer before adding of the next 12 cup sugar. Once the last 12 cup is added, bring the liquid to 216 to 218 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Stir constantly.nLet this cool to room temperature prior to using. If not using right away, refrigerate for up to 1 week. Yield: 2 cups., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup rolled oats, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup Raspberry Preserves, recipe follows, 1 quart raspberries, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 34 cup sugar], title: Raspberry Crumble Bars, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 3415: {instructions: In a large saute pan, cook bacon until fat is rendered. Remove bacon with slotted spoon and set aside. Saute yellow onion and garlic in bacon drippings until soft. Add okra, corn, and chile pepper and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Add blackeyed peas, green onion, and cherry tomatoes and cook an additional 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and chopped parsley and toss in reserved bacon.nSoak 2 cups beans overnight in water to cover. Rinse the beans and place in a pot with enough water to cover the beans. Add the onion and the black pepper. Over high heat, allow to come to boil then reduce to simmer and cook for about 45 minutes or until beans are firm but cooked. Season with salt. Let the peas sit in this liquid for 15 minutes before draining.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nPlace the cut cherry tomatoes on a sheet pan, cut side up. Season with salt, pepper, brown sugar, and sprigs of thyme. Dry in the oven for 4 to 6 hours. Check periodically to make sure they dont burn., ingredients: [14 pound strip bacon, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 cup yellow onion, diced, 1 12 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 3 cups fresh okra, cut into rounds, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 2 fresh small red hot chiles, chopped, 2 cups cooked blackeyed peas, recipe follows, 1 cup green onion, diced, Oven dried cherry tomatoes, recipe follows, Salt, Pepper, Freshly chopped parsley and Italian parsley leaves, for garnish, 2 cups blackeye peas, Water, to cover, 1 onion, quartered, with a bay leaf attached with a clove, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Salt, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sprinkle brown sugar, 6 or 7 thyme sprigs], title: Okra and BlackEye Pea Saute, picturelink: null}, 3416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat 2 8inch cake pans with cooking spray. Set aside.nTo make the cake, in a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, yogurt, and eggs. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Turn batter into prepared caked pans and bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until tester inserted into center comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes and then turn onto wire racks to cool completely. Cut a thin layer off the top of each cake to make level.nTo make the caramelized oranges, in a large frying pan, combine orange juice, sugar and cinnamon. Bring mixture to a boil for 5 minutes. Add orange slices and continue boiling for an additional 5 minutes. With tongs, carefully remove caramelized oranges and place on waxed paper to cool.nFor the Cheese Frosting: In a small bowl, combine cream cheese frosting, cinnamon and cinnamon extract.nTo assemble: Frost cake with a thin layer of frosting between layers and on the outside. Gently press toasted sliced almond onto side of cake. Arrange caramelized orange slices on top of cake., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box spice cake mix, 12 cup vanilla lowfat yogurt, 3 eggs, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 orange, thinly sliced, 2 cups sliced almonds, toasted, Cheese Frosting:, 2 cups cream cheese frosting, 1 teaspoon cinnamon extract], title: Spiced Cake with Almonds and Caramelized Oranges, picturelink: null}, 3417: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Brown meat with peppers and onions in large skillet drain. Return to skillet.nStir in taco mix and water. Add potatoes, corn and VELVEETA mix well. Spoon into 13x9inch baking dish cover with foil.nBake 20 min. stir. Bake, uncovered, 15 min. or until heated through., ingredients: [1 lb. ground beef, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 pkg. 114 oz. TACO BELL HOME ORIGINALS Taco Seasoning Mix, 12 cup water, 4 cups frozen Southernstyle hash browns cubed not shredded variety, 1 pkg. 10 oz. frozen corn, 12 lb. 8 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes], title: VELVEETA TexMex Beef and Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 3418: {instructions: For the chipotle secret spread: Stir the mayonnaise, adobo sauce, ketchup, relish and Worcestershire together in a bowl to make the spread. Set aside.nFor the pankocrusted avocados: In a medium pan over mediumhigh heat, add enough canola oil for deepfrying the avocado slices and heat until very hot.nPut the flour in one shallow bowl, the egg in a second shallow bowl and the breadcrumbs in a third. Season the avocado slices with salt and pepper. Dredge the slices first in the flour, then dip in the egg and coat with the breadcrumbs. Fry the avocado in batches until the panko turns golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside on a plate lined with paper towels.nFor the burgers: Mix the ground chuck and some salt and pepper together in a bowl with your hands. Form the meat into 4 thin 14pound patties, each about 4 inches in diameter and 12 inch thick.nHeat a large castiron skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat until very hot, at least 5 minutes. Add as many patties as will fit comfortablydo not crowdand cook until the sides of the patties are opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip each patty and top with a slice of American cheese if desired. Cook until the cheese begins to droop and melt at the corners and edges. Repeat with the remaining burgers and cheese.nSlather the bottom half of each bun with the chipotle spread, then top with 2 tomato slices, 3 fried avocado slices, 1 lettuce leaf, a cooked burger and 1 slice of onion. Finish with a top bun. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chipotle adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Canola or peanut oil, for frying, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 large avocados, sliced, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 pound ground chuck, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 4 slices American cheese, optional, 4 sesame burger buns, lightly toasted, 1 large beefsteak tomato, thinly sliced into 8 slices, 4 large iceberg lettuce leaves, 4 thin slices white onion], title: Cali Burger, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 3419: {instructions: Finely chop the bonito flakes and add to an 8inch nonstick skillet set over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly until the flakes are fragrant, dry and toasted, approximately 4 minutes. Add the mirin, soy sauce, and sugar and continue to cook stirring constantly until the mixture is dry and appears glazed, approximately 2 to 5 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in the sesame seeds. Transfer the mixture to a plate and spread out to cool. Serve over rice, noodles or fish., ingredients: [Leftover bonito flakes from making dashi, about 12 cup wet, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, toasted], title: Glazed Bonito Flakes, picturelink: null}, 3420: {instructions: Brush each pepper with a bit of oil. Roast in the oven, grill on the stove top, or barbecue until peppers are totally black and ugly. Cool and peel. Slice and seed peppers. Puree seeded peppers in a blender with oil and garlic. Heat and serve over pasta or rice., ingredients: [3 large red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, Oil to brush onto peppers], title: Sweet Pepper Sensation, picturelink: null}, 3421: {instructions: To prepare the hash: In a medium saucepan, cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes, peel and cut into 12inch cubes. Season the chicken breast with salt and pepper and place in a saucepan of simmering water. Poach for 1012 minutes or until cooked through. Cut each breast into 12inch cubes. Place the potatoes, chicken, scallion, cilantro, chipotles and honey in a large bowl and mix gently until combined, season with salt and pepper. Form into 4 equalsized patties. Heat the oil in a large saute pan until just smoking. Season the patties with salt and pepper to taste and saute the patties on each side until golden brown. Keep warm.nTo prepare the poached eggs: Heat the water and vinegar until simmering in a large frying pan. Break each egg into a cup and gently add to the water. Poach for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the yolk is nearly cooked. Remove the eggs from the pan with a slotted spoon to drain the liquid and top each hash patty with 1 poached egg and some Green Chile Hollandaise.nPlace the yolks, salt, pepper in a blender and mix until smooth. Slowly, drop by drop add the warm butter to the mixture and blend until emulsified. Place in a bowl and fold in the chopped poblano peppers. Serve immediately or place the bowl over a pot of simmering water to keep warm, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup cilantro, coarsely chopped, 14 cup canned chipotle peppers, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 4 eggs, Green Chile Hollandaise, recipe follows, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch white pepper, 1 large poblano pepper, roasted, skinned, seeds removed and finely chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted until foamy], title: Sweet PotatoChicken Hash with Poached Eggs with Green Chile Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 3422: {instructions: Combine 1 12 cups milk and the citrus zest in a medium saucepan. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape out the seeds add the seeds and pod to the saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs, egg yolk, sugar and cornstarch in a medium bowl until light yellow.nGradually pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture, whisking constantly, then pour back into the pan. Place over medium heat and stir constantly with a wooden spoon in a figureeight motion until the eggnog begins to thicken, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and immediately stir in the remaining 12 cup milk to stop the cooking. Transfer the eggnog to a large bowl and place over a larger bowl of ice to cool, then chill until ready to serve.nRemove the zest and vanilla pod. Spike the eggnog with liquor, if desired, and garnish with nutmeg.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 cups nonfat milk, 2 large strips orange andor lemon zest, 1 vanilla bean, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, White rum or bourbon optional, Freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish], title: LowFat Eggnog, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 3423: {instructions: In a 1gallon resealable freezer bag, combine the garlic, lemon grass, habaneros, shallots, fish sauce, ginger, sugar and turmeric. Mix all the ingredients around in the bag, then add the fish and seal the bag. Shake to coat the fish in the marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator for 4 to 6 hours.nCook the rice noodles according to package directions. Quickly rinse in cool water, drain well and divide among 4 serving bowls.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add the fish along with its marinade. Remove the lemon grass and discard. Sprinkle the fish with the salt and cook, undisturbed, for 4 minutes. Flip the fish pieces over to lightly brown the other side, and cook another minute or so. Toss gently with a rubber spatula until all of the fish is cooked and the shallots are beginning to brown. Scatter the scallions, basil, cilantro and mint over the top. Spoon the fish over the rice noodles. Serve., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 stalks lemon grass, trimmed, pounded and halved lengthwise, 2 habanero chiles, minced, 1 large or 2 small shallots, sliced, 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 pound red snapper fillet, skin removed, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 ounces rice vermicelli noodles, 13 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, 12 cup sliced scallions], title: Vietnamese Red Snapper with Noodles, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 3424: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the cream cheese, milk, Parmesan, scallions, garlic, eggs, and lemon juice pulse until smooth. Add the artichokes, salt, pepper, and cayenne, and pulse until just mixed, but still chunky. Transfer the mixture to a buttered, deep 4cup casserole dish and bake until lightly browned and set, about 1 hour. Serve warm with crackers., ingredients: [34 pound cream cheese, softened, 12 cup milk or halfandhalf, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 scallions white and green, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 cups drained jarred or thawed artichoke hearts, patted dry, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Pinch cayenne, Butter, as needed, Assorted crackers], title: Artichoke Dip, picturelink: BXoQJaWh9yjzC9qQEMkoL0A6A1WfC}, 3425: {instructions: To make the soup filling: Put the pig feet in a pot with the stocks and bring to a boil. Skim and add the cinnamon, star anise, mushrooms, ginger, and soy sauce and pepper, to taste. Simmer, skimming every so often, until the pig feet are soft, about 3 hours. Strain. Taste and adjust seasonings it may be salty from reducing so add a little water if needed. Let cool and refrigerate until it gels it keeps for 3 days. To make the vinegar reduction: Combine the vinegars, the ginger and peppercorns in a large saucepan, bring to a boil, and cook until its reduced to a glazelike consistency. Strain through a sieve and refrigerate it keeps indefinitely. To make the foie mousse: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Season the foie gras and scraps, if using, liberally with salt and pepper and let sit overnight in the refrigerator. Pack into a terrine mold, cover, and place the mold in a roasting pan filled with hot water. Bake until it just starts to melt and is warm in the center, about 45 minutes. Transfer the cooked foie gras to a food processor and run until smooth. Taste and adjust seasonings. Pass through a tamis or a finemesh sieve and repack into the terrine mold. Cover and refrigerate. To make the dumplings: Mix the flour and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the boiling water and stir with a spoon until it comes together as a dough. Knead on a floured surface until smooth. Set in an oiled bowl, cover with plastic, and let rest 30 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg, water, and a pinch of salt. On a floured surface, roll out the dough until its a little less than 18inch thick. Using a biscuit cutter or a knife, cut out 8 3 12inch diameter rounds from the dough try not to reroll the scraps too many times. Brush each wrapper with the eggwash. Cut a small square of foie mousse from the terrine and set it in the center of a wrapper, along with a few cubes of jicama and a small dollop of the gelled soup. Fold in half, press out the air pockets, and crease, pressing on the seam to seal and form half moons. Cook immediately, or freeze for up to 1 week. To serve: Set up a steamer over a pot with 1inch of boiling water. Steam the dumplings if frozen, do not thaw first, without crowding the steamer, until puffed, 4 to 5 minutes. While the dumplings cook, put the instant flour on a plate. Season the foie gras with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour. Heat a skillet over high heat, and when its hot, sear the foie gras until browned on both sides but just warm inside, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a board and cut into 8 pieces. Decorate each plate with the vinegar reduction and arrange 1 dumpling on top. Top each dumpling with a piece of the seared foie gras and a pinch of the scallion julienne in the center. Serve with chopsticks and a Chinese soup spoon so that the diner can experience the juice in the dumpling. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 pig feet, split, 2 cups veal stock, 10 cups chicken stock, 1 large stick cinnamon, 4 pieces star anise, 2 dried shiitake mushrooms, 2 slices fresh ginger, unpeeled, Soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups balsamic vinegar, 2 cups Chinese black vinegar, 5 slices fresh ginger, unpeeled, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 pound lobe Grade B foie gras, cleaned, Foie gras scraps, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup flour, more for kneading, Salt, 12 cup boiling water, Oil, for coating bowl, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 jicama, cut into 13inch cubes, Instant flour, for dredging recommended: Wondra, 1 3ounce slice Grade A foie gras, deveined, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Julienned scallion greens], title: Seared Foie Gras with Foie Gras Soup Dumplings, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 3426: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 20ounce bottle with a tightfitting spout with rubber stopper a funnelnPour the rice vinegar through a funnel into a 20ounce bottle. Gently add the rosemary, orange zest and garlic cloves to the bottle until completely submerged. Add a tightfitting spout with a rubber stopper. You can use the vinegar right away or refrigerate it for up to 1 month to allow the flavors to marry and infuse the vinegar. The longer the vinegar sits, the more the flavors will infuse., ingredients: [2 cups rice wine vinegar, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 2 strips orange zest, 2 cloves garlic], title: RosemaryInfused Vinegar, picturelink: Y5L2gtTWYkcl1qNvK4isgFCnf6qEYy}, 3427: {instructions: Place the egg yolks, sugar, and wine into a metal bowl. Place the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water, making a double boiler. Whisk the mixture constantly until it foams and then becomes creamy and doubles in size, about 5 minutes. Mixture should be uncomfortably warm to the touch, but not burning. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the sour cream., ingredients: [2 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons sweetened wine, such as marsala, 1 tablespoon sour cream], title: Tangy Sabayon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3428: {instructions: Brown the bacon in the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Remove the bacon from the pan and drain on a paper towellined plate. Place the romaine halves in the same pan, cutside down, and brown in the rendered bacon fat, turning as needed until wilted, about 4 to 6 minutes. Remove the lettuce to the plate with the bacon. Add the wine to the skillet and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits that cling to the pan. Add the broth, thyme, and mustard and bring to a simmer. Return the lettuce to the skillet, and season with salt and pepper. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, and then adjust heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Place a circle of parchment paper directly on the lettuce, or set a lid slightly ajar on the skillet. Cook the romaine until tender, about 30 minutes.nTransfer the romaine to a serving dish and reduce the cooking liquid to a saucy glaze. Remove the thyme sprig and pour the cooking liquid over the lettuce, sprinkle with the bacon, and serve., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, diced, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 heads romaine lettuce, halved lengthwise, rinsed, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken broth, lowsodium canned, or homemade, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Romaine Lettuce with Mustard and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 3429: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Lay a thyme sprig on either side of the pork tenderloin. Fold up tail end, using kitchen twine to truss every inch. Season with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil and butter in an ovenproof skillet over high heat. Sear the pork until brown, about 2 minutes per side. At the same time, brown apples, cut side down. Turn apples over transfer skillet to oven, and roast until the internal temperature of the meat, when taken with a meat thermometer, is 145 degrees for medium and 150 degrees for medium well, about 10 minutes. Remove meat to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes reserve apples in a bowl. Return skillet to stovetop deglaze skillet with apple cider, and reduce by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in vinegar, reduce 1 minute longer. Remove kitchen twine from tenderloins, and slice into 38inch medallions. Place cabbage on platter, arrange pork medallions over cabbage, and top with apple halves and sauce. Garnish with thyme sprigs.nHeat butter in medium skillet, over medium heat. Add cabbage, saute for 1 minute. Add caraway seeds and apple cider, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally for 6 to 7 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, and cook for 1 minute more. Remove from heat, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 10ounce pork tenderloins, trimmed, 4 sprigs thyme, plus more for garnish, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tart cooking apples, cut in half horizontally, 12 cup apple cider, 2 tablespoons applecider vinegar, Sauteed Cabbage, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 medium head red cabbage about 1 14 pounds, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 34 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon applecider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pork Tenderloin and Apples, picturelink: null}, 3430: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8inch 1 12 quart ovenproof metal bowl a muffin tin with paper linersnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8inch 1 12 quart ovenproof metal bowl. Line 4 muffin cups with paper liners.nFor the cake: Whisk the eggs and egg whites in a large bowl. Whisk in the cream of coconut, pineapple, coconut extract and vanilla extract until combined. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in another large bowl. Beat in the butter, one piece at a time, with an electric mixer on low speed until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add half the egg mixture and beat on high until fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in the remaining egg mixture until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Fill the muffin cups each 23 full, then pour the remaining batter into the prepared bowl. Bake until a cake tester inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes for the cupcakes and 1 hour 30 minutes to 1 hour 40 minutes for the bowl. Remove the cakes to a wire rack and let cool in their pans for 15 minutes, then turn them out and let cool completely.nFor the buttercream: Beat the confectioners sugar and butter together with an electric mixer on low speed until well combined, then beat on high speed until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in 1 tablespoon of the milk and the vanilla and coconut extracts until light and spreadable, 2 to 3 minutes more, adding up to 1 tablespoon more milk if the frosting is too stiff.nWith a serrated knife, trim the flat bottom of the bowlshaped cake so it lies flat on a plate, roundedside up, and frost with a layer of buttercream. Remove the wrappers from the cupcakes and anchor 2 of them with a pretzel stick each at the base of the cake to make the bunnys feet leave about 1 12 inches between the feet. Cut the third cupcake in half from top to bottom. With pretzel sticks, attach the cupcake halves to the top of the feet, with the cutside facing down and the rounded ends positioned to be the heels of the feet. Attach the last cupcake with a pretzel stick to the lower half of the top of the cake to make a tail. Frost the cupcakes with the remaining frosting. Wipe away any frosting that has smeared on the cake plate.nPat about 1 12 cups shredded coconut all over the cake. Put the remaining coconut in a large ziptop plastic bag. Mix the green food coloring with 2 teaspoons water and add to the bag. Toss and massage the coconut until it is uniformly green in color. Press the chocolate candies into the bottoms of the bunny feet with the larger candy at the top and the smaller ones underneath so they resemble the pads of the toes. Spread the green coconut all around the cake plate to make grass and decorate with candy eggs. Flatten the apricots with a rolling pin and roll into carrot shapes. Cut the leaves in half crosswise and use scissors to snip them to resemble carrot tops. Insert the carrot tops into the wider end of the apricot carrots and arrange them in the grass around the bunny., ingredients: [2 large eggs plus 4 egg whites, at room temperature, 34 cup cream of coconut, 12 cup drained crushed pineapple, 2 teaspoons coconut extract, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the bowl see Cooks Note, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, plus more for greasing bowl, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, Thin pretzel sticks, for securing the cupcakes, One 10ounce bag sweetened shredded coconut, 8 drops green food coloring, 2 large round chocolate candies, such as Candy Melts, 6 chocolate chips, Mini candycoated chocolate eggs, for garnish, 5 dried apricots, 3 gummy leaf candies], title: Coconut Bunny Butt Cake, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 3431: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the whipped ricotta: Place the ricotta, olive oil and salt in a food processor. Blend until light and smooth, about 30 seconds. Remove to a bowl and set aside.nFor the dressing: Place the basil, pine nuts, vinegar, salt and pepper flakes in a food processor. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil to form a smooth dressing. Set aside.nFor the salad: In a bowl, toss the tomatoes, snap peas and arugula with the dressing.nTo assemble: Spread the whipped ricotta on the bottom of a platter. Place the dressed salad on top of the ricotta, leaving some of the cheese exposed around the edges. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup wholemilk ricotta cheese, chilled, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup heirloom cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered depending on size, 18 snap peas, cleaned and cut in half about 14 pound, 3 cups baby arugula], title: Whipped Ricotta Salad, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 3432: {instructions: Special equipment: Paper lollipop sticks andor popsicle sticksnIn a saucepan combine sugar, corn syrup, water and salt and bring to a boil. Cook mixture until a candy thermometer registers 300310 degrees F or a drop of the mixture placed in cold water produces a brittle strand of candy. Remove from heat and stir in 12 to 1 teaspoon peppermint or cinnamon oil. Stir in several drops of red or green food coloring and stir to combine. On a marble slab pour the syrup into small round shapes and position a paper lollipop stick in each round. As an alternative, pour syrup into lightly oiled small or regular cupcake tins and position a popsicle stick in each cup. Allow lollipops to harden and then carefully remove from either marble surface or cupcake tins. Individually wrap each lollipop in plastic wrap to prevent them from sticking together., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup water, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon peppermint oil or cinnamon oil, or to taste, Red or green food coloring, Paper lollipop sticks andor popsicle sticks], title: Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 3433: {}, 3434: {instructions: Add ingredients, except club soda, to a cocktail shaker with ice cubes. Shake several times and pour into a chilled highball glass. Top with club soda and serve with a sprig of mint to garnish., ingredients: [2 parts coconut rum recommended: Bacardi, 5 fresh mint leaves, torn, 1 part coconut cream recommended: Coco Lopez, Splash sweetened lime juice recommended: Roses, Club soda, Mint sprig, for garnish], title: Cocojito, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 3435: {instructions: Butter a 3quart gratin dish or casserole. Whisk eggs, milk, cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Toss ham, tomatoes, parsley, and chives together in a small bowl.nScatter 12 cup of cheese into prepared dish. Layer with 13 of bread and half of ham mixture. Repeat. Top strata with a final layer of bread and remaining 1 cup cheese.nPour egg mixture over top of dish and gently press to make moistened all bread layers. Drizzle with melted butter, cover strata with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 1 hour or up to overnight.nPreheat to 350 degrees F. Bake strata, on middle oven rack, uncovered, until slightly puffed and golden brown, about 45 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nArrange tomatoes, cut side up, in a single layer on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt. Bake until slightly shriveled but still plump, about 5 hours.nIf not using immediately, refrigerate dried tomatoes, covered, up to 4 days. Or, if desired, layer tomatoes with herb sprigs and add olive oil. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 cup diced baked ham, 1 cup OvenDried Tomatoes, chopped, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons thinly sliced fresh chives, 2 cups shredded extrasharp Cheddar cheese about 8 ounces, 1 pound sourdough bread, crust trimmed, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, cored and cut in half lengthwise, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh herbs, such as thyme, rosemary, oregano, or marjoram], title: Cheese Strata with Ham and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 3436: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray 2 12cup muffin or cupcake pans with vegetable cooking spray. Using 1 cup of the bread crumbs, coat the inside of each muffin cup with bread crumbs, shaking off any excess.nIn a medium skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground turkey or chicken, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper, Cook, stirring frequently, until cooked through, about 5 to 8 minutes. Set aside and cover to keep warm.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and add to a large bowl. Stir in the cooked turkey and the cheeses. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon the prepared pasta mixture into the cupcake molds, filling evenly to about 23 full. Arrange a few pieces of tomato, broccoli and asparagus into each cup. Top with a thin layer of the remaining bread crumbs and drizzle with olive oil.nBake until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes and carefully unmold with a spoon onto a serving platter.nCooks Note: To blanch vegetables, bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the vegetables and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until very crisp. Using a small strainer, remove the vegetables and immediately plunge into a bowl of iced water. Drain and use., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 2 cups dried bread crumbs, divided, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 8 ounces ground turkey or chicken, preferably dark meat, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 8 ounces small pasta, such as pennette, shells, or elbows, 2 cups grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups grated white Cheddar, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 2 cups chopped broccoli, blanched, see Cooks Note, 1 pound asparagus, cut into 34inch pieces, blanched], title: Baked Macaroni and Cheese Cupcakes, picturelink: unYZBwlDp.uYD7QqxAQyG6VxWW1Na4K}, 3437: {instructions: Mash 6 hardboiled egg yolks, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon diced jarred piquillo peppers plus 1 tablespoon liquid from the jar, 18 teaspoon hot smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon hot water, and salt and pepper. Lay 1 strip serrano ham in each egg white, then top with the yolk mixture. Sprinkle with more paprika.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Spanish Deviled Eggs, picturelink: nlCq2qUm25Pc2yH5SOzaCuK2RPfv0S}, 3438: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the grilled seasonal salad: Prepare a grill for high heat.nBrush the corn, cabbage and green onions with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the corn, cabbage, green onions and poblanos until charred and blistering, 4 to 5 minutes a side for the corn and onions, 10 minutes for the poblanos turning throughout and 10 to 15 minutes a side for the cabbage. Using a grill basket or by skewering, grill the strawberries for 1 to 2 minutes per side. Set the vegetables and strawberries aside to cool.nFor the avocado dressing: In the meantime, scoop the avocado flesh into the bowl of a food processor. Add the olive oil, vinegar, cilantro, lime zest and juice, garlic and some salt and pepper and process until smooth. Adjust the seasoning if necessary.nWhen cool, roughchop the cabbage. Remove the skins, seeds and ribs from the poblanos and cut into thin strips. Slice the green onions. Next, cut the corn kernels from the cobs over a towel to capture the kernels easily. Place all the veggies and the strawberries into a large bowl. Pour the avocado dressing over top and toss to coat. Season again with salt and pepper if necessary., ingredients: [3 ears fresh sweet corn, shucked almost completely but with a thin layer of husk remaining, 12 red cabbage, quartered, 4 green onions, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 poblano peppers, 2 cups strawberries, stemmed and halved, 1 ripe avocado, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 large handful fresh cilantro, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Seasonal Salad with Avocado Dressing, picturelink: Sb8u3UrMpM06TUgjACEO4uDxO2eTENO}, 3439: {instructions: In a saucepan saute the mushrooms in butter until soft. Add the orange zest and tomatoes and white wine. Reduce until thickened. Add the veal stew and bring to a simmer. Add olives and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 8 ounces mushrooms, trimmed and caps only sliced, 14 teaspoon ground orange zest, 12 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes, 14 cup white wine, 12 of veal stew done above, 12 cup pitted sliced green olives], title: Second Time Around Veal Stew Marengo Style, picturelink: null}, 3440: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the olive oil over high heat until almost smoking. Add the onion, celery, carrot, parsley, ginger root, and chile pepper and cook over high heat until the vegetables are softened and browned, about 8 minutes. Add the cuttlefish and cook over mediumhigh heat until it is colored, about 4 minutes, then slowly add the wine. Once the wine comes to a boil, add the cabbage and potatoes and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 20 minutes, or until the cabbage and potatoes are tender., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley, 2 very thin slices peeled gingerroot, 1 small hot chile pepper, chopped, 1 12 pounds cuttlefish, cleaned, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 large head green cabbage, about 3 12 pounds, finely chopped, 2 potatoes, cut into chunks, Salt and pepper], title: Cuttlefish with Cabbage: Seppie e Verze, picturelink: null}, 3441: {instructions: Cook the bacon in the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat until it renders slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and celery seed and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Scatter the flour over the mixture and stir to coat. Gradually add the broth and the milk, whisking until smooth.nAdd the potatoes and sliced broccoli stem increase the heat to medium and simmer, covered, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the broccoli florets and season with 12 teaspoon salt. Continue cooking, uncovered, at a rapid simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, position a rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler to high. Spread the mustard on each piece of baguette and top with a cheddar slice. Place on a baking sheet and broil until the cheese melts serve with the soup., ingredients: [2 strips bacon, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 yellow onion, chopped about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups milk, 4 small redskinned potatoes about 6 ounces, quartered, 12 head broccoli about 10 ounces, broken into florets, stem peeled and sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 baguette, sliced into 8 14inchthick pieces, 4 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into 8 thin slices], title: Broccoli Chowder with Cheddar Toasts, picturelink: GPBPhLxv3aUHB8Fmm3UK.lv69naBUnC}, 3442: {instructions: In a large bowl, whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks. Set aside to chill in the fridge. Using an electric mixer, whip the egg whites on low until frothy. Increase the speed to medium and slowly add 34 cup of sugar. Whip to stiff, glossy peaks. Meanwhile, begin whipping the egg yolks on medium speed. Slowly add the bacon fat as the yolks begin to increase in volume. In a small saucepot, bring the remaining sugar and 12 cup water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Allow the sugar mixture to cook until it reaches 245 degrees F. Remove the sugar from the heat and slowly stream to combine with the whipped yolk mixture. Whip the yolks mixture until it triples in volume and cools completely.nOnce all three mixtures are prepared fold onethird meringue into the yolk mixture. Then gently fold the yolk mixture back into the remaining meringue in two equal additions. Just before it is completely combined, begin to fold in the whipped cream. Continue to gently fold together until completely incorporated. Spread evenly into a 17by12inch jellyroll pan. Place in the freezer until firm., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 8 eggs, separated, 1 14 cup sugar, 12 cup rendered bacon fat], title: Bacon Caramel Semifreddo, picturelink: rODAm1xpIq9HUN7kGf0GVnWilhRKFWC}, 3443: {instructions: Cook the peppers and onions in olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until soft. Add the zucchini and season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, lightly char the corn on a gas burner, using tongs to turn, 2 minutes. Let cool, and then cut the kernels off the cob. Add the corn kernels to the pan and cook the whole mixture 5 more minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12 yellow onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 zucchini, cubed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ears fresh corn, shucked, or 1 cup frozen corn, thawed], title: Corn Saute, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 3444: {instructions: Using a very sharp slicing knife cut salmon on a bias in as thin as possible sheets and divide equally among 8 plates.nSprinkle liberally with the salt. In a bowl, whisk together the coconut milk, ginger, chiles, sugar, and lime juice. Spoon this mixture liberally over the salmon. Garnish by sprinkling the tomatoes and scallion over the salmon., ingredients: [1 pound salmon filet, very fresh, skinless and boneless, 2 tablespoons Hawaiian sea salt, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh jalapenos, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup minced tomato, 14 cup minced scallion, 14 cup lime juice], title: JoeyJoey Salmon My version of LomiLomi, picturelink: null}, 3445: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 12cup muffin tin or line with parchment paper.nBlend the eggs, oil, granulated sugar and vanilla in a mixer. Add the flour, baking powder, gelatin and salt. Add the rum and blend until smooth. Do not over beat. Fill the tins halfway full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, 15 to 18 minutes.nFor the frosting: Cream the confectioners sugar, butter and meringue powder until creamy and fluffy in a mixer. Add the vanilla and lime juice, cream until well blended. Mix in the avocado until smooth. Do not over beat. Add salt to taste.nFrost each cupcake with the frosting., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, optional, 3 eggs, 34 cup oil, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups flour, sifted, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon strawberryflavored gelatin, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup passion fruit rum, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 stick 12 cup butter, 1 teaspoon meringue powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Juice of 1 lime, 12 ripe avocado, Pinch salt], title: Passion Fruit Cupcakes with Avocado Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: null}, 3446: {instructions: Make the sofrito: In a skillet heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the onion and pepper, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, thyme, basil, cumin seed, bay leaf and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the mixture for 5 to 7 minutes, or until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Set aside.nPat dry the chicken and season it with salt and pepper. In a large deep ovenproof skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot. Add the chicken to the skillet, cook it for 7 to 10 minutes on each side, or until it is browned and transfer it to a plate. Add the sausage or ham to the skillet, cook it, tossing, until it is browned lightly, and transfer with a slotted spoon to the plate.nTo assemble the paella: Preheat the oven 400 degrees. In a saucepan bring the broth to a simmer over modertaely high heat, add the saffron or tumeric and let the mixture steep for 5 minutes. In a 14inch paella pan or a large deep ovenproof skillet, arrange the rice, chicken, sausage or ham and sofrito. Add the prepared broth, bring the liquid to a simmer over high heat, stirring, and immediately remove the pan from the heat. Arrange the shellfish in the pan and bake the paella on the floor of the oven for 25 minutes. Do not stir the paella during cooking. If the mixture becomes dry, add the additional broth. Add the peas and bake the paella for 10 minutes more, or until the liquid is absorbed and the mussels have opened. Let the paella stand, covered with a dish towel, for 5 minutes before serving. Serve the paella in its dish garnished with the cilantro and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup 1 medium yellow onion, minced, 1 red or green bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into strips, 1 15 to 16ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon each of dried thyme and basil, crumbled, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 12 to 3pound chicken, cut into 10 serving pieces or 6 chicken legs, separated into drumsticks and thighs, Salt and pepper, 12 pound about 3 links Chorizo or Spanish sausage, cut crosswise into slices, or smoked ham, diced, 4 to 4 12 cups chicken broth, 14 teaspoon ground saffron or tumeric, 3 cups longgrain rice, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed well, beards removed and rinsed, 1 cup fresh or frozen peas, thawed, Minced fresh cilantro or parsley for garnish, Lemon wedges for garnish], title: Spanish Chicken and Mussel Paella, picturelink: null}, 3447: {instructions: Lay the graham crackers in a single layer on a microwavesafe plate. Heat them in the microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute on high.nUsing a metal cookie cutter, cut the graham crackers into a Halloween shape pumpkins, bats, cats, and eyeballs without too many little details work best.nLight a hibachi on a table near your door. Make sure there is fireproof stone underneath to prevent melting things. Next to the hibachi, put some wooden skewers. Set out a tray of the marshmallows, graham cracker shapes and chocolate near the hibachi.nEncourage trick or treaters to make their own smores at the door, ingredients: [1 box graham crackers, 1 bag marshmallows, 4 bars good quality milk chocolate recommended: Scharffen Berger, Halloween cookie cutters], title: S Mores at the Door, picturelink: null}, 3448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cornichon dressing: In a medium bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, cornichons, Dijon mustard, mustard powder, tarragon and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the shrimp fritters: Heat about 1 12 inches vegetable oil in a heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to medium peaks set aside. In a separate bowl, combine the shrimp, scallions, zucchini, garlic and jalapenos and set aside.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and paprika in a medium bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and enough of the buttermilk so the mixture is thick and not runny adjust the amount accordingly. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the shrimp mixture into the batter, followed by the egg whites just to incorporate.nDrop the fritters into the oil in batches using a small scoop or spoon, about 1 tablespoon each. Cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes, then drain on paper towels. Immediately season with salt. Serve with the cornichon dressing., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup finely minced cornichons, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh tarragon, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 eggs, separated, 8 ounces peeled and cleaned small shrimp 2630 count, chopped, 1 cup finely sliced scallions, 1 cup small diced zucchini, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, minced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, About 23 cup buttermilk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp Fritters with Cornichon Dressing, picturelink: Tyc.21DP4ADG8mUZH9NHrupP1YYHK5e}, 3449: {instructions: Combine the ancho chile powder, sugar, ground fennel, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon ground pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle 1 side of the marlin with about 1 teaspoon of the spice mixture. Heat oil in a large saute pan and sear the fish, spiceside down, until golden brown. Turn the fish over and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Brush with the barbecue sauce, turn over, and cook for 30 seconds. Turn over and brush with more of the sauce. Keep warm. In the center of each of 4 dinner plates, place 2 heaping tablespoons of Spicy Yellow Rice with Red Beans. Place a marlin fillet on top of the rice at an angle. On one side of the marlin fillet, at the base of the mound of rice, place a dollop of Avocado Puree.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the ancho, cumin, and cayenne and cook for 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat each grain with the mixture. Add the water and saffron, and salt, to taste. Bring to a boil. Cover the pot, lower the heat, and cook for 12 to 15 minutes, until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender. Fold in the beans and green onions and reseason.nPlace avocado and lime juice in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the honey and pulse 3 times. Add the cilantro and pulse until just combined but there are still some flecks. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground fennel, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground pepper, 4 7ounce marlin fillets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 jar barbecue sauce, Spicy Yellow Rice with Red Beans, recipe follows, Avocado Puree, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 2 cups long grain rice, 4 cups water, Pinch saffron, toasted and crumbled, Salt, 1 12 cup cooked red beans, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 ripe avacodo, peeled, pitted, and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper], title: Barbecue Marlin with Spicy Yellow Rice with Red Beans, and Avocado Puree, picturelink: null}, 3450: {instructions: Make the dough: Combine the yeast, 1 cup warm water about 100 degrees F and the sugar in a food processor and pulse once to combine. Let sit until foamy, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the olive oil pulse to combine. Mix the flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a medium bowl add to the food processor and pulse until the dough pulls away from the side and gathers around the blade.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and form into 2 even balls. Transfer to 2 lightly oiled bowls cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, 2 to 4 hours. You can make the dough ahead wrap in plastic and refrigerate up to 1 week or freeze up to 2 months. Bring to room temperature before using.nSet a pizza stone or large baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 500 degrees F. Meanwhile, make the topping: Combine the ricotta, parmesan, olive oil, garlic, oregano and red pepper flakes in a bowl season with salt and set aside.nStretch 1 ball of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured pizza peel or inverted baking sheet. Spread half of the ricotta mixture on top, leaving a 12inch border. Top with half of the mozzarella, then brush the edge lightly with olive oil.nSlide the pizza onto the hot stone or baking sheet and bake until the crust is golden and the cheese is bubbling, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool 2 minutes before slicing. Repeat to make the second pizza., ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowls, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 23 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano or rosemary, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: ThreeCheese White Pizza, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 3451: {instructions: Dredge the veal in the seasoned flour, shaking off the excess. In the skillet, heat oil. Add veal and saute 1 minute per side. Remove to a platter. Cover with foil to keep warm. Add Marsala to veal pan. Deglaze, then add chicken stock to the pan and let reduce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 cup Marsala wine, 1 pound veal scallops about 18 inch thick, Allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper for dredging the veal, 1 13 cup chicken broth], title: Veal Marsala, picturelink: null}, 3452: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the fennel halves, cutside up, in a baking dish and drizzle with enough olive oil to come up halfway season with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Roast for 30 minutes or until completely tender u2013 the roasted fennel is the base of the soup, so its important the flesh is soft enough to be cut with a spoon.nIn a large pot, melt the butter over medium flame add the onion and garlic, saute for 4 minutes until translucent. Toss the thyme into the pan, along with the mushrooms season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, for 10 to 15 minutes, until the mushrooms give off their liquid. Add the chestnuts and cook for a few more minutes until they have some nice color on them. Remove about 1 cup of the mixture to save as a garnish for the soup.nPour the stock into the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes, stirring now and then. Remove from the heat and puree the soup until completely smooth, using a handheld or regular blender. Stir in the cream to make the soup even richer, and simmer gently for 5 minutes. Taste for salt and pepper.nTo serve: Ladle the soup into soup bowls garnish each serving with a bit of the reserved mushrooms and chestnuts, the roasted fennel, and a sprinkle of chopped chives., ingredients: [6 small fennel bulbs, stalks removed, halved lengthwise, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 bunch fresh thyme sprigs, leaves stripped from the stem, 1 pound white button mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped, 1 pound oyster mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped, 1 pound chanterelle mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped, 1 pound cooked chestnuts, 3 quarts chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, Fresh chopped chives, for garnish], title: Mushroom Soup with Chestnuts and Roasted Fennel, picturelink: null}, 3453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silicone mats or parchment, or coat them with nonstick cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nBeat the eggs and yolks with the sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until very light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the tahini, oil and vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture until combined to make a soft dough. Cover the dough and set aside for 5 minutes before forming into rings.nPinch off a walnutsized piece of dough and roll it into a rope that is about 5 inches long and 38inch thick. Dust your hands and the parchment lightly with flour if the dough is sticky. Pinch the ends of the rope together to form a ring. Repeat until all the dough has been formed into rings.nTo glaze the cookies: Put the sesame seeds on a small plate. Whisk the egg white and honey together, and then brush each ring with the mixture. Then immediately dip the ring into the sesame seeds. Place the rings seeds side up, on the prepared baking sheet at least 1 inch apart.nBake rings until lightly browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer from baking sheet and cool on wire racks. Serve., ingredients: [4 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large whole eggs, at room temperature, 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 cup tahini sesame paste, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 cup hulled raw sesame seeds], title: Sesame Rings Spain, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 3454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and sugar until just combined, and then add the vanilla. Separately, sift together the flour and salt. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture to the creamed butter and sugar. Mix until the dough starts to come together. Dump on a floured board and roll together into a flat disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough into 1 14inch balls. If you have a scale, they should each weigh 1ounce. Dip each ball into the egg wash and then roll it in coconut. Place the balls on an ungreased cookie sheet and press a light indentation into the top of each with your finger. Drop 14 teaspoon of jam into each indentation. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the coconut is a golden brown. Cool and serve., ingredients: [34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 7 ounces sweetened flaked coconut, Raspberry andor apricot jam], title: Jam Thumbprints, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 3455: {instructions: Slice sweet potatoes into 14 inch round slices. Arrange potatoes in a lightly greased baking dish.nMix brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, melted butter and cider in a bowl. Sprinkle each layer of potatoes with the mixture.nCover with foil and bake at 325 degrees F for about 35 minutes or until almost soft.nIn another bowl whisk in the soft butter, maple syrup, chile powder and salt and pepper. Remove the foil, and pour in the chile butter mixture and continue baking for another 15 minutes until golden color. Keep warm., ingredients: [6 mediumsized sweet potatoes, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ginger, 9ounces butter, melted, 4ounces apple cider, 4ounces butter, softened, 2ounces maple syrup, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, toasted, Salt and Pepper], title: Sweet Potatoes with Ancho Chile Butter, picturelink: AfgFXU68aNYCJIGejs.z19sPTbzHDC}, 3456: {instructions: For the black bean relish: Combine the onions, cilantro, olive oil, tomatoes, beans, chiles and lime juice in a bowl and season with salt and black pepper. Let the relish sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the hollandaise: Place the lime juice and yolks in a medium stainlesssteel bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Whisk the yolks until pale yellow and fluffy. Slowly add the melted butter, a few tablespoons at a time, and whisk until thickened. Remove from the heat, whisk in the steak sauce and season with the salt and black pepper. Keep warm.nFor the Texas toast: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Combine the garlic, butter and some salt and black pepper in a small bowl. Butter both sides of the bread with some of the garlic butter, and grill until nicely charred on both sides.nFor the steak: Put each slice of steak in between pieces of plastic wrap and use a meat mallet to pound them into thin steaks. Sprinkle both sides with some of the steak rub and some salt and black pepper. Heat the oil in a castiron pan over high heat. Add the steaks and cook until a crust forms, about 1 minute. Flip and cook for another minute until the other side forms a crust as well.nFor the poached eggs: Bring 3 cups water and the vinegar to a gentle simmer in a large highsided frying pan. Break each egg into a cup and gently add to the water. Poach until the yolks are nearly set, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the eggs from the pan with a slotted spoon to drain the liquid. Season the top with salt and black pepper.nFor assembly: Spoon some of the black bean relish on top of each piece of the Texas toast. Top each with 2 pieces of steak, a poached egg, then some of the hollandaise. Garnish with whole cilantro leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons finely chopped red onions, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced, One 15ounce can black beans, drained, rinsed well anddrained again, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted until foamy, 14 cup to 12 cup your favorite steak sauce, such as Bobby Flays Mesa Steak Sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices pain de mie, sliced 1inch thick, One 1pound boneless ribeye, about 1 12 inches thick, cut into eight 12inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons spice rub, such as Bobby Flays Steak Rub for Beef and Pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 4 eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Whole fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Texas Eggs Benedict, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 3457: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground sirloin and cook, crumbling the meat with a wooden spoon, for 5 to 7 minutes, until the meat has lost its pink color and has started to brown. Stir in the garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 more minute. Pour 1 cup of the wine into the skillet and stir to scrape up any browned bits. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons pepper, stirring until combined. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil, add a tablespoon of salt, a splash of oil, and the pasta, and cook according to the directions on the box.nWhile the pasta cooks, finish the sauce. Add the nutmeg, basil, cream, and the remaining 14 cup wine to the sauce and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally until thickened. When the pasta is cooked, drain and pour into a large serving bowl. Add the sauce and 12 cup Parmesan and toss well. Serve hot with Parmesan on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra to cook the pasta, 1 pound lean ground sirloin, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 14 cups dry red wine, divided, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound dried pasta, such as orecchiette or small shells, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, lightly packed, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving], title: Weeknight Bolognese, picturelink: plDeLDvwrOT4V63V.uLDQH1EAw4Saq}, 3458: {instructions: Place the diced tomatoes, water, garlic, and bay leaves into a large saucepan, and bring to a simmer over high heat. Reduce heat to mediumlow, and season with the cayenne pepper, chili powder, garlic powder, and Italian seasoning. Cover, and simmer 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, pour in the black beans and kidney beans return to a simmer, and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the peanut butter until dissolved, then remove and discard the bay leaves, and season the chili with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove to a serving bowl and serve sprinkled with Cheddar, if desired, and tortilla chips alongside., ingredients: [1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 cup water, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 15 ounce can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, optional, 2 cups tortilla chips, optional], title: Peanut Butter Chili, picturelink: null}, 3459: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Whisk the flour, cornmeal, baking soda and salt in a large bowl.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the sugar and beat until well combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Add the cheese, scallions and chives and beat until just combined.nTransfer the batter to the prepared baking dish smooth the surface. Bake until golden brown around the edges and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the baking dish, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 12 cups shredded monterey jack cheese about 6 ounces, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives], title: CheeseandChive Cornbread, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 3460: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13by2inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray or butter.nPlace the chicken in a large pot with water to cover. Add some salt, bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a low simmer and cook the chicken until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the chicken, cover, and refrigerate until cool, or up to 24 hours. Shred.nMeanwhile, bring a medium pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli florets, and boil until crisptender, 2 to 3 minutes.nSpread the rice in an even layer in the baking dish. Make a second layer with the broccoli. In a large bowl, mix the chicken soup, the sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, shredded chicken, half the Cheddar and some salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the broccoli and top with the remaining Cheddar. Bake for 40 minutes let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray or butter, for the baking dish, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium head broccoli, cut into small florets, 2 cups cooked white rice, One 10ounce can condensed cream of chicken soup, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 10 ounces Cheddar, grated about 2 12 cups], title: Chicken Broccoli Casserole, picturelink: 6tZGmZ91mL5L6lZTRg96qQLRCwxoti}, 3461: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Make It 5 Ways: Tacos, picturelink: null}, 3462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the beef: Allow the beef to stand at room temperature before roasting, 30 minutes. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Mix together the thyme, salt, pepper and garlic in a small bowl. Make 1inchlong, 12inchdeep slits all over the meat using a paring knife. Rub the garlic mixture into the slits and onto the rest of the meat. Place the meat, fatside up, in a shallow roasting pan. Roast for 45 minutes. Cover the meat with foil and continue to roast until a meat thermometer inserted straight down into the center of the meat registers 145 degrees F for mediumrare, 65 to 75 minutes. Place the roast on a baking sheet and tent with foil. Allow to rest for 20 minutes.nFor the sauce: Combine any juices from the rested meat with the broth, marsala, arrowroot and thyme in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat and simmer until thick, 20 minutes. Whisk in the butter until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Pour the sauce into a serving pitcher. Slice the roast into 12inchthick slices and arrange on a platter. Serve the sauce alongside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons arrowroot, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 6pound bonein beef prime rib roast, trussed, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 cup sweet marsala, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Prime Rib with Thyme and Marsala, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 3463: {instructions: Thinly slice 1 lemon, discarding the seeds, and reserve in a bowl. Juice the remaining 3 lemons until you have 12 cup juice discard any extra juice. Bring the lemon juice, sugar and cinnamon sticks to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring occasionally until the sugar has dissolved. Boil the syrup for 1 minute more. Let the syrup cool completely, then strain into a 3quart pitcher, reserving the cinnamon sticks.nAdd the wine, Calvados, cider and soda water to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the tart and sweet apples and lemon slices, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, fill 8 glasses halfway with ice, then pour the sangria and fruit into each glass. Garnish each with 1 of the reserved cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [4 lemons, 1 cup sugar, 8 cinnamon sticks, One 750milliliter bottle sauvignon blanc or other dry white wine, 1 cup apple brandy, such as Calvados, 1 cup apple cider, 1 cup soda water, 1 tart green apple, such as Granny Smith, cored, quartered and thinly sliced crosswise, 1 sweet red apple, such as Gala, cored, quartered and thinly sliced crosswise], title: Autumn Apple Sangria, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 3464: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C. Butter an 8 cup 2 l gratin dish.nIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, warm 1 tablespoon butter. Add the spinach and cook, stirring occasionally, until just wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Press out any excess water. Transfer to a large bowl.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until translucent but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and then the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until nutty and just golden, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the cream and milk and continue cooking until thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in half of the cheese until melted. Fold the sauce into the spinach and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the prepared gratin dish and top with the remaining cheese. Bake until the gratin is golden brown on top, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons45 ml butter, plus more for greasing, 2 pounds1 kg baby spinach, 1 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons30 ml allpurpose flour, 1 cup250 ml 35percent cream, 1 cup250 ml milk, 2 cups500 ml grated Emmental cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Gratin, picturelink: null}, 3465: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine pastry flour and baking powder. Add buttermilk, eggs, vanilla oil, and sugarcane syrup and mix well. Let sit for 10 minutes.nIn a heated saute pan spoon the batter into a ring mold lined with parchment paper. Sprinkle with 14 cup of blueberries and sprinkle with sugar. Cook until a brown crust forms and flip.nServe with blueberry puree and mint leaves., ingredients: [3 cups pastry flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, 1 ounce vanilla oil, 2 ounces sugarcane syrup, 1 cup blueberries, Sugar for sprinkling, Mint leaves, Blueberry puree], title: Tuckers Nantucket Blueberry Souffle Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 3466: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sriracha ranch dipping sauce: In a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour creamcilantro, parsley, scallions, sriracha, sugar and lime zest and juice until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the chicken: Crumble the chips into a food processor and process until finely ground. You should have about 3 cups crumbs. Spread the crumbs in a large shallow bowl.nBeat the eggs and sriracha in a second shallow bowl, and combine the flour, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper in a third shallow bowl.nSprinkle the chicken strips with some salt and pepper.nHeat about 1 inch vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet until a few crumbs sizzle on contact 350 to 360 degrees F.nDredge the chicken in the flour, then the egg, then the crumbs. Fry, in batches, until crisp and golden, about 4 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels.nSprinkle with salt and serve warm with the sriracha ranch dipping sauce and crudites., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, shaken, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon sriracha, 12 teaspoon sugar, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 10ounce bag sweet chili flavor tortilla chips or your favorite flavor chips, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon sriracha, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut lengthwise into 1inch strips, Vegetable oil, for frying, Crudites, such as celery, peppers and endive, for serving], title: Sweet Chili ChipCrusted Chicken Fingers with Sriracha Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: MfEI3Rdv1dFGgA2huIGggdQbehNzK}, 3467: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F on low fan speed, if using convection. During this time, cover the bottom of the piecrust with aluminum foil and uncooked beans. Place the piecrust in the oven and bake blind bake for 10 to 12 minutes to allow the crust to cook. The crust should be light brown on the edges when removing from the oven.nDuring the cooking of the crust, whisk together the milk, salt, pepper, nutmeg and eggs in a bowl. After mixing the eggs, in a second bowl, blend together the spinach, bacon, cheese and parsley. Add half of the egg mixture to coat the ingredients, again mixing well. Next, add the mixture to the cooked crust then finish with the remaining egg mixture. Bake in the oven until the middle of the quiche is set, about 20 minutes.nRemove and serve., ingredients: [One 10inch pie crust or fresh pastry, 2 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 8 eggs, whipped, 1 cup spinach, thin cut, 12 cup cooked and chopped bacon, 12 cup shredded cheese, Monterey Jack or other, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Spinach Quiche, picturelink: bXdurq5ZRyPdkKzAa.y2lt6ZaJyiK9e}, 3468: {instructions: Make the honey syrup: Combine the honey with 14 cup hot water and stir until smooth let cool. Makes 4 ounces refrigerate up to 1 month.nCombine the rum, lime juice and 12 ounce honey syrup in a cocktail shaker fill with ice. Shake well strain into a tall glass filled with ice. Top with ginger ale and garnish with cucumber spear., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 1 12 ounces white rum, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, Ginger ale, for topping, Cucumber spear, for garnish], title: The Tax Break, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 3469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour a 10cup bundt pan or square baking dish. Slice 1inch off tops of rolls. Tear tops into 1inch pieces set aside. Place bottoms of rolls, cut side up, in prepared pan. Combine coffee cake batter mix reserve cinnamon swirl packet, water, instant espresso, oil, and 2 eggs in a large bowl. Beat until well blended. Pour half of batter over rolls. Sprinkle with contents of cinnamon swirl packet.nWhisk remaining 1 egg, milk, and sugar in another bowl to blend. Add reserved roll tops to milk mixture set aside until milk mixture is absorbed. Pour bread mixture over cake batter in pan, and then pour remaining batter over. Using a skewer or wooden chopstick, swirl batters together. Bake for 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted near the center of cake comes out clean. Cool cake in pan on a cooling rack for 25 minutes. Invert cake onto cooling rack remove pan. Place cake right side up on a platter and serve warm. For a cute presentation, serve slices in coffee mugs., ingredients: [Butter, for pan, Flour, for pan, 7 sweet dinner rolls recommended: Kings Hawaiian, 1 box 1pound, 14ounces cinnamon swirl coffee cake mix recommended: Pillsbury, 34 cup hot water, 1 teaspoon instant espresso, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Seattle Coffee Mug Cake, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 3470: {instructions: Arrange tomatoes on a serving platter. Heat a castiron grill over high heat until very hot. Quickly sear tuna on each side for 1 minute per side. Remove from heat. Mix the garlic, olive oil, vinegar, red pepper flakes, and olives in a bowl and set aside. Thinly slice tuna. Add to bowl with olive oil mixture and toss until well coated. Spoon over tomatoes, sprinkle lightly with salt, and serve., ingredients: [2 heirloom tomatoes, thickly sliced into 5 slices each, 6 ounces ahi tuna, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 green olives, pitted and chopped, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Seared Tuna on Heirloom Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 3471: {instructions: For the mayo: Mix the hot sauce, relish, sugar, ginger and red pepper flakes in large bowl until the sugar dissolves. Once dissolved, add the mayonnaise.nFor the poblanos: Halve the poblanos lengthwise. Core and remove the seeds, keeping the stems in place for presentation. Heat the oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Fry the peppers in the hot oil for 2 minutes. Remove from the oil, drain and cool to remove the skin.nMix the crab meat, mayonnaise, Cheddar, onions, hot sauce in a large mixing bowl. Season with the seafood seasoning and black pepper. Divide the crab mixture evenly and fill the poblanos. Place on a baking sheet and sprinkle with panko. Broil until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nTo serve, place small amount of Jamaican mayo on top of the peppers., ingredients: [1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Jamaican relish, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch red pepper flakes, 34 cup mayonnaise, 4 poblano peppers, 4 cups canola oil, 1 pound fresh crab meat, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 3 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Seafood seasoning, as needed recommended: Old Bay, Freshly ground black pepper, Panko], title: Crab Stuffed Poblanos with Jamaican Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 3472: {instructions: For the ice cream sauce: Slowly heat 34 cup melted ice cream in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Mix together the cornstarch and remaining 14 cup melted ice cream in a small bowl until smooth. Whisk the cornstarch mixture into the saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Set aside and cool completely.nFor the strawberries and whipped cream: Toss the strawberries with 12 cup sugar in large bowl. Let stand, tossing occasionally, until the strawberries release their juice and a syrup forms, about 1 hour.nUsing an electric hand mixer, beat the cream, vanilla extract and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar in another large bowl until stiff peaks form. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve.nTo assemble: Cut the shortcakes or mini pound cakes in half. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the ice cream sauce onto each plate. Place a shortcake bottom on top of the sauce. Top each generously with strawberries and whipped cream and cover with a shortcake top. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 cup melted strawberry ice cream, 14 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 pounds strawberries, hulled, and halved, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 storebought shortcakes or mini pound cakes, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Melted Ice Cream Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 3473: {instructions: Preheat oven: 450 degrees In an ovenproof or cast iron pan, sear the meat skin side first until its crispy. Then flip meat over and roast until juices run clear. Remove meat from pan and let rest. Drain fat from pan. Add shallots, vinegar and sugar, cook until liquid caramelizes. Add demiglace and season with salt and pepper. Strain hot sauce and finish by adding butter and cherries. Place each breast on a plate and slice. Serve with cherry sauce poured on top., ingredients: [4 duck breasts, 6 to 8 ounces each, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 pint duck demiglace beef will also work, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces butter, 1 cup griottes small tart cherries from Provence, available in specialty shops], title: Roasted Duck Breast with Cherry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the sausage into a 10inch cast iron skillet and set over mediumhigh heat. Cook, breaking the sausage into pieces with a spatula or spoon, until it begins to give up some of its fat, about 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the onions, jalapeno and bell peppers to the sausage and cook until soft and translucent, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the potatoes to the skillet and increase the heat to high. Cook until the potatoes have browned slightly, approximately 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the black beans, cornbread, and turkey and cook until the hash is heated through. Season with cayenne, salt, and pepper and serve immediately.nPlace the sausage into a 10inch cast iron skillet and set over mediumhigh heat. Cook, breaking the sausage into pieces with a spatula or spoon, until it begins to give up some of its fat, about 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the onions, jalapeno and bell peppers to the sausage and cook until soft and translucent, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the potatoes to the skillet and increase the heat to high. Cook until the potatoes have browned slightly, approximately 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the black beans, cornbread, and turkey and cook until the hash is heated through. Season with cayenne, salt, and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces breakfast sausage, 12 onion, chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, minced, 12 cup chopped red bell peppers, 1 12 cups cubed and cooked red bliss potatoes, 1 14 to 15ounce can black beans, drained, 2 cups cubed cornbread, 1 to 2 cups cubed cooked turkey, Dash cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces breakfast sausage, 12 onion, chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, minced, 12 cup chopped red bell peppers, 1 12 cups cubed and cooked red bliss potatoes, 1 14 to 15ounce can black beans, drained, 2 cups cubed cornbread, 1 to 2 cups cubed cooked turkey, Dash cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey ReHash, picturelink: tyLYe9N0q7isbIPP4SeJPTunU6YlB1a}, 3475: {instructions: Place the ancho chiles in a medium bowl, cover with boiling water and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour.nRemove the chiles from the soaking liquid, stem and coarsely chop, and combine in a blender with the garlic, pine nuts, honey and 14 cup of the soaking liquid. Blend until smooth.nPour the mixture into a medium bowl and stir in the bell pepper strips, vinegar, cilantro, salt and pepper. Cover and let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours before serving.nBlack Pepper Crusted Filet Mignon with Goat Cheese:nHeat your grill to high.nBrush the filets with the oil and season both sides of each filet with the salt and 1 side of each filet with the black pepper. Place the steaks on the grill, pepper side down and grill until lightly charred and crusty, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the steaks over, and grill for 2 to 3 minutes longer for mediumrare.nTurn the steaks, once more so that the pepper side is facing up and top each filet with a slice of the cheese. Close the cover and grill until the cheese begins to melt slightly, about 1 minute.nRemove the steaks from the grill, let rest for 5 minutes. Top each filet with the roasted red pepperancho salsa. Garnish with cilantro leaves, before serving., ingredients: [2 ancho chiles, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 grilled red bell peppers, cut into 14inch thick strips, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 8ounce filet mignon, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, cut into 4 slices, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Roasted Red Pepper and Ancho Salsa:], title: Black Pepper Crusted Filet Mignon with Goat Cheese and Roasted Red PepperAncho Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3476: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. .nButter a springform baking pan and dust with flour, tapping out excess. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to low, and add egg and vanilla, beating until fully combined.nAdd reserved flour mixture, alternating with the milk, a little of each at a time, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Remove from mixer. Gently fold in blueberries.nPour batter into prepared pan sprinkle topping over cake. Bake until cake tester comes out batterfree, 60 to 70 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool 10 minutes. Remove from pan cool 15 minutes before serving.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, cinnamon, and salt. Using a pastry blender, or a fork, cut in the butter until fine crumbs form.nUsing hands, squeeze together most of the mixture to form large clumps. Can be frozen in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature plus more for pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 5 cups wild or cultivated blueberries, Streusel Topping, recipe follows, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Blueberry Buckle, picturelink: null}, 3477: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Set angel food cake slices on a baking sheet and toast in oven to make less spongy. Rinse and hull the strawberries and cut them in half or rinse and dry the raspberries.nBring sugar, rum, water and chocolate to a simmer sauce will be thin. Remove from heat, add butter and cream.nSet angel food cake in center of plate top with strawberries. Drizzle chocolate sauce over the top., ingredients: [4 slices of angel food cake, 2 pints strawberries, hulled or raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 34 water, 4 ounces semi sweet chocolate morsels, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Berries with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3478: {instructions: Make the steak: Preheat a grill to medium. Mix the chili powder, brown sugar, cumin and smoked paprika in a small bowl. Season the steaks with salt and pepper and rub with the spice mixture set aside.nMake the vinaigrette: Puree the cherry tomatoes, lime juice, adobo sauce and honey in a blender until smooth. With the machine running, add the olive oil and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nBrush the steaks with olive oil and grill 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Meanwhile, brush the red onion slices with olive oil season with salt and pepper. Grill the onion, turning occasionally, until softened and charred in spots, about 8 minutes. Thinly slice the steak against the grain. Roughly chop the onion.nAssemble the salad: Divide the lettuce among plates. Top with the onion, steak, avocado, heirloom tomatoes, jicama and queso fresco. Drizzle with about half of the vinaigrette and sprinkle with the cilantro. Serve with the remaining vinaigrette.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 boneless New York strip steaks about 1 inch thick 1 14 pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 red onion, sliced into 12inch rounds, 12 cup cherry tomatoes, Juice of 3 limes, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce from a can of chipotle chile peppers, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 small heads Boston lettuce, leaves torn, 1 avocado, diced, 1 12 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes, cut into chunks, 12 small jicama, peeled and julienned 1 cup crumbled queso fresco cheese, 12 cup fresh cilantro], title: Steak Salad with Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 3479: {instructions: FILL the lower pan of a double boiler with about 2 inches of water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to low.nBEAT egg yolks and orange juice in upper pan of double boiler with electric mixer on medium speed until mixture is thickened and doubled in volume, about 5 minutes.nPLACE the upper pan over simmering water in lower pan of double boiler. The water should not boil or touch the bottom of the upper pot. Whisk constantly or the eggs may begin to cook. Gradually drizzle in butter, whisking until sauce is thickened and temperature reaches 160degreesF. Remove upper pan from heat. Whisk in marmalade, salt and cayenne pepper. Return to heat and heat through, stirring constantly. Serve over cooked asparagus or Eggs Benedict.nTIP If a double boiler is not available, substitute a medium stainless steel bowl for the upper pan and a medium saucepan for the lower pan. Choose a bowl that has a diameter larger than that of the saucepan so that the bowl doesnt fall into the saucepan or touch the simmering water., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon fresh orange or lemon juice, 12 cup butter, melted, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup Smuckers Orchards Finest Pacific Grove Orange Marmalade Medley], title: Orange Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3480: {instructions: Directions for slaw:nCombine apple cider vinegar, cilantro, lime zest, lime juice, sugar, salt and pepper in a medium bowl mix until smooth and creamy. Add cabbage and toss to combine. Refrigerate until ready to use.nDirections for tacos:nCombine ingredients for the basting sauce into bowl and mix. Set aside. Oil the grill rack and Preheat grill to medium high. Grill Mahi filets until they are cooked through approximately 3 minutes per side. Continuously baste Mahi Mahi, turning fish over only once.nWhile Mahi is on the grill, heat tortillas until soft in the microwave or in the oven. Option 1: In the Microwave, wrap stacks of up to 12 tortillas in barely damp paper towels microwave on High for 30 to 45 seconds. Wrap tortillas in a clean towel to keep warm. Option 2: In the Oven, wrap stacks of 6 tortillas in foil place in a 375 degrees F oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Wrap tortillas in a clean towel to keep warm.nWhen Fish is white and flakey, remove from heat. Carefully cut fish into large chunks. Place fish into tortillas and build your taco, starting with fish, and slaw and toppings of your choice.nCombine all ingredients. Season with salt and pepper.nMix diced tomatoes, onions and cilantro in a large bowl. Add the lime juice and salt stir.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Set aside and refrigerate for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds of MahiMahi 12  34 inches thick cleaned, skinned and cut into 46 portions, Whole wheat or multigrain flour tortillas, Juice of 10 limes, 1 bunch of cilantro finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper to taste, 3 cups finely shredded red or green cabbage, 2 cups plain fatfree Greek yogurt, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 cup diced peeled seeded cucumber, Sea salt and pepper to taste, 2 medium fresh, diced tomatoes, 12 diced Spanish onion, 1 bunch thoroughly washed, minced cilantro, 1 tablespoon sea salt, Juice from 4 limes, 2 fresh mangos diced, 1 cucumber peeled and diced, 1 sweet onion diced, 1 red pepper diced, seeds removed, 3 tablespoons of rice wine vinegar, 1 hot pepper we recommend either a Serrano pepper which provides great flavor and not too much heat or a habanero pepper, one of the hottest peppers, 1 bunch of cilantro, finely chopped], title: Grilled Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 3481: {instructions: Dry the pork well and sprinkle it on all sides with 1 tablespoon of the kosher salt and the pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. Working in batches to avoid crowding the pan, brown the pork on all sides, about 4 minutes per side. Remove the pork to a plate and set aside. While the pork is browning, tie the thyme, rosemary and bay leaf into a bundle using butchers twine.nOnce all of the pork has been browned, reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil no oil remains in the pot. Add the onions and the remaining 12 tablespoon kosher salt. Cook for about 8 minutes, stirring and scraping up any browned bits. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 or 3 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine and cook until reduced to nearly dry, 6 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken broth, crushed tomatoes, Parmesan rind, chile flakes and the herb bundle and bring to a simmer. Return the pork to the pot, tucking it in under the sauce. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, until the pork is fork tender, about 1 hour 45 minutes.nRemove the pork and shred into bitesize pieces using two forks. Remove the herb bundle from the sauce and add the pork back to the pot. Stir in the olive oil and half of the grated Parmesan. Keep warm over low heat.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the penne for about 1 or 2 minutes less than the package directions. Drain and add the pasta to the sauce, tossing to coat. Finish cooking the pasta in the sauce, about 2 minutes, adding a ladle of pasta water as needed. Serve topped with the remaining grated Parmesan, or more as desired, and a drizzle of olive oil. Garnish with a few leaves of baby arugula, if using., ingredients: [One 3pound pork shoulder roast, cut into 3inch chunks, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 sprigs thyme, 2 sprigs rosemary about 6 inches each, 1 bay leaf fresh or dried, 2 medium Spanish onions, sliced thin about 4 cups, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken broth, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 3inch piece Parmesan rind, Pinch red chile flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus for drizzling, 1 pound penne pasta, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus more as desired, Arugula, for garnish, optional], title: Penne with Pork Ragout, picturelink: CtRxlS6p1qy2NO3t3WgSR4YMQbHex.}, 3482: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic and saute until pale golden color, about 1 minute. Add Swiss chard and saute until soft, but still crisp, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 1 bunch Swiss chard, washed, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Swiss Chard, picturelink: null}, 3483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWash the potatoes and rub the skins liberally with vegetable oil. Put the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until forktender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nSlice the baked potatoes in half lengthwise, then scrape out the inner flesh with a cookie scoop or spoon, leaving a small margin of potato in the skins. Brush both sides of the potato skins with vegetable oil. Salt both sides liberally. Place the skins cutside down on the baking sheet and return to the oven. Bake for 7 minutes, then flip the skins to the other side. Bake until the skins are crispy, about 7 minutes more.nMeanwhile, fry the bacon in a skillet until crisp, then remove to a paper towellined plate to cool.nWhen ready to serve, chop the bacon into bits and transfer to a small bowl. Put the cheese, ham, salsa, sour cream, ranch and chives in separate bowls. Lay out the fixings, put the skins on a platter and have everyone help themselves at the skins bar., ingredients: [8 russet potatoes, Vegetable oil, for oiling the potatoes, Kosher salt, 8 slices bacon, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 1 cup diced ham, 1 cup storebought salsa, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup storebought ranch, 14 cup chopped chives], title: Potato Skins Bar, picturelink: tmDTPLUwqgraaeTk74r9KcK4coS.ol.}, 3484: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the bodies of the marshmallow chicks to a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute until melted. Stir in the strawberry jam and cornstarch until thoroughly combined.nPour the marshmallow mixture into a piping bag or ziptop bag. Snip off the tip and pipe the marshmallow mixture onto each whoopie pie bottom. Top with the whoopie pie tops. Take the reserved marshmallow chick heads and stick on top of the whoopeeps.nIf the marshmallow chick head does not stick onto the whoopie pie top, heat for a second or so in a nonstick pan until sticky., ingredients: [6 pink marshmallow chicks, heads separated from bodies, reserving both, 2 tablespoons strawberry jam, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 6 whoopie pie tops and bottoms], title: Whoopeeps, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 3485: {instructions: Mix together the yogurt, tahini paste, garlic, and lemon juice. Thin out with water to make a smooth medium thick sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSuggested Drink: BillecartSalmon Brut, Reserve., ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons tahini paste, 12 teaspoon very finely minced garlic, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Water, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3486: {}, 3487: {}, 3488: {instructions: Whisk the lime juice, sugar, chile paste, and fish sauce in a bowl until the sugar dissolves. Add the peanuts and cilantro and stir until evenly dressed with the sauce.nWhen ready to serve, arrange the lettuce leaves on a large platter. Put about 14 cup of pineapple in each leaf and season with salt to taste. Top the pineapple with the nut mixture. Serve, letting your guests wrap or fold each lettuce leaf to enclose the filling., ingredients: [Juice of 2 limes about 14 cup, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons chile paste, such as sambal oelek see ShopSmart, right, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 2 cups roasted peanuts or cashews, roughly chopped, 23 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves and stems, 12 Bibb lettuce leaves about 1 head, Half a medium fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into bitesize chunks about 3 cups see page 274, Kosher salt], title: Spicy ThaiStyle Pineapple Wraps, picturelink: 5vlM3l3exxei4ySJH9WMrs1EPfn3BLu}, 3489: {instructions: For the mashed potatoes: Place the cut potatoes in a large stockpot, cover with cold water and add salt. Bring to a boil, then simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain well in a colander. While the potatoes are still warm, press them through a potato ricer or food mill and into a mixing bowl. Whip in the warm milk and softened butter until incorporated and the potatoes are fluffy. Cover and keep warm.nFor the filling: In a 2quart saucepan over medium heat, add the oil then braise the beef with the garlic, onion, and bay leaves. Season with salt and pepper. When the meat is browned and the onion is tender, dust with flour. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring often. Pour in the beef broth and cook for 2 minutes until the mixture begins to thicken. Add the canned tomatoes and the whole vegetables tied together. Simmer for 5 minutes to infuse the flavors, then remove the vegetable bundle. Add the peas, carrots, pearl onions, and parsley. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.nTransfer the meat mixture to a 9 by 13inch casserole dish. Spread the mashed potatoes evenly on top of the casserole. Dot with butter if desired. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until the potatoes are golden, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 cup milk, warm, 12 stick butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 pounds boneless beef brisket or chuck steak, cubed, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 bay leaves, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups canned beef broth, low sodium, 8 ounce can chopped tomatoes, Celery, carrot, 12 onion, tied together with string, 2 cups frozen sweet peas, thawed, 2 cups frozen diced carrots, thawed, 1 cup pearl onions, blanched, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 3490: {instructions: Rub the edge of a pint glass with the cut side of the lime half and upturn the glass into a saucer of celery salt to create a salt rim.nAdd the tomato juice, pickle juice, vodka, lime juice, horseradish, hot sauce and a good pinch of celery salt to the pint glass. Stir to combine. Fill the glass with Horseradish Ice Cubes.nWith a short skewer, impale the top of the pickle spear, the beef stick and the cheddar cube, and set the skewer across the glass so that the pickle and beef stick are submerged in the drink and the cheddar hangs over the surface of the drink. Serve immediately.nMix the celery seeds, salt and black pepper together in a small bowl.nWhisk together the milk, horseradish, sugar and salt. Pour into an ice cube tray and freeze until solid, 4 hours to overnight., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, chilled, plus 12 lime, Celery Salt, recipe follows, 23 cup seasoned tomato juice, such as V8, 14 cup fermented pickle juice, taken from pickles such as Bubbies, chilled, 3 tablespoons vodka, chilled, 2 teaspoons lightly packed freshly grated horseradish or goodquality storebought prepared horseradish, Dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Horseradish Ice Cubes, recipe follows, Fermented pickle spear, Beef stick, Small cube aged cheddar, 2 teaspoons celery seeds, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup freshly grated horseradish or 6 tablespoons goodquality prepared horseradish, 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt], title: Bloody Mary with Pickle Juice and Horseradish Ice Cubes, picturelink: null}, 3491: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, combine 6 ounces chocolate with butter, sugar, and water. Cook over low heat, stirring, until melted. Set aside to cool a bit. Break up the remaining chocolate and stir into melted chocolate mixture. Whisk in eggs, flour, and salt. Add walnuts if desired. Batter will be thick and lumpy. Spray a 9inch square pan with nonstick spray and scrape batter into pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Set on rack to cool. Garnish with powdered sugar., ingredients: [6 ounces good quality bittersweet chocolate, plus 6 ounces, 3 tablespoons butter, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 12 tablespoons water, 2 eggs, 34 cup flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups walnuts, coarsely chopped optional], title: Double Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: null}, 3492: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an 11cup Bundt pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 11cup Bundt pan.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. Continue cooking until the butter turns golden brown, then transfer to a heatproof container and refrigerate until solid, about 1 hour.nIn a medium bowl, pour the boiling water and brandy over the figs and soak until softened, about 30 minutes. Coarsely chop 12 cup of the figs, and set aside. Place the remaining figs and the soaking liquid in the bowl of a food processor and puree until smooth.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the chilled brown butter with the sugar and beat until combined. Add the eggs one at a time, and mix until combined. Add the fig puree, flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt, and beat on low speed until smooth. Stir in the chopped figs. Pour the batter into the prepared Bundt pan, then cover tightly with foil and secure with a rubber band.nPlace the Bunt pan in a 12by17inch deep roasting pan and set on the bottom rack of the oven. Pour 2 inches of boiling water around Bundt pan, then cover entire roasting pan with foil. Bake until the pudding is firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour 15 minutes.nCool the pudding for 10 minutes, then invert the Bundt pan over a plate to unmold the pudding. Sprinkle the pudding with confectioners sugar and cut into slices to serve., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, plus more for greasing, 1 cup boiling water, plus more as needed, 3 tablespoons brandy, 1 pound dried figs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Figgy Pudding, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 3493: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put a jelly roll pan or half sheet pan in the oven.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the fingerling potatoes, onion, bacon, and rosemary leaves. Add 14 cup of olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss together to coat with olive oil.nTake the preheated jelly roll pan out of the oven and drizzle some olive oil over entire surface. Cut the dough into 2 pieces and reserve 1 piece for another use. Stretch the pizza dough out so it is just bigger than the pan, then lay it inside the pan so the dough comes up the sides to form a crust on the rim.nPour the potato mixture onto the pizza dough, then sprinkle with shredded fontina. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until crispy and golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. Garnish with arugula and drizzle the lemon juice over the top. Serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, combine the yeast, sugar and water and stir gently to dissolve. Let the mixture stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, 5 to 10 minutes.nIf youre using a stand mixer, combine the salt and flour to the bowl and pulse a few times to mix. Add the yeast mixture, at the lowest speed, until the flour incorporates. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough gathers into a ball. This should take about 2 minutes. Add the olive oil and pulse a few more times. Stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Get a feel for the dough as youre making it by squeezing a small amount together between your thumb and fingers. If its crumbly, add more water, if its sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and fold it over itself a few times, kneading until its smooth and elastic.nIf youre making the dough by hand, add the yeast mixture to a large bowl and stir in the salt and the 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Then begin stirring in the flour. When the mixture becomes too stiff to stir with a spoon, knead in the rest of the flour by hand, adding just enough so that the dough is soft but not too sticky. As you work, squeeze a small amount of dough together between your thumb and fingers. If its crumbly, add more water if its sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.nForm the dough into a round and put it into a lightly oiled bowl, turning it over to coat the dough entirely with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot i.e., over a gas pilot light until it doubles in size, about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 recipe fresh pizza dough, recipe follows, 3 to 4 baby Yukon gold fingerling potatoes, finely sliced, 12 small onion, finely sliced, 6 slices applewood smoked bacon, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons rosemary leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra to grease pan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded fontina cheese, 1 cup baby arugula, optional, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 packages active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 cups warm water 100 to 110 degrees F., 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 6 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for bowl], title: Bacon, Potato, Rosemary and Fontina Pizza, picturelink: pAdaPaA3hPqfZSe8WBiomXlk1P1Idpa}, 3494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith pineapple core extractor, remove core. Fill with ice, add melon liqueur, tequila, pineapple juice, lemon lime soda and grenadine. Stir and garnish with lime, cherry, pineapple wedge, and a small paper cocktail umbrella., ingredients: [2 ounces melon liqueur, 2 ounces tequila, 4 ounces pineapple juice, 4 ounces lemon line soda, 1ounce grenadine, Lime, cherry, pineapple wedge, for garnish], title: Baja Pineapple Grenade, picturelink: PTQYqU4AJLiFxKQWLQk.MK.FLh.K3Lu}, 3495: {instructions: Puree all the ingredients in a food processor or blender. Pour about 12 cup into paper cups. Freeze until set. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup orange juice, 1 cup mango juice, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 2 tablespoons honey], title: StrawberryMango Ice, picturelink: null}, 3496: {instructions: Mix together the mayonnaise, Sriracha and maple syrup in a small bowl. Spread on the inside of both bun halves. Stack the lettuce, tomato and onion on the bottom bun.nPat and squeeze the sausage together into a ball. Put it on a piece of plastic wrap, and flatten it out into a thin patty 4 to 5 inches wide.nHeat the oil in a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the patty from the plastic wrap, and cook it until browned on both sides and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Lay the Cheddar on the patty, cover the skillet and cook until the Cheddar melts, about 30 seconds. Remove, and set the patty on the bottom bun.nCrack the egg into the skillet over mediumhigh heat, sprinkle with some salt and pepper and cook until the egg whites are set and crispy on the bottom and edges and the yolk is still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Set the egg on top of the sausage patty, and top with the other bun half. Eat right away., ingredients: [1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon Sriracha, 12 teaspoon pure maple syrup, 1 sesameseed hamburger bun, 1 lettuce leaf, 1 tomato slice, 3 to 4 thin rings red onion, 4 ounces bulk breakfast sausage, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 slice Cheddar, 1 large egg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hangover Breakfast SausageandEgg Burger, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 3497: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the roasted pepper, mayonnaise, sour cream, peanut butter, red pepper flakes, to taste, and salt, and pepper, to taste, in the blender or food processor and process until smooth and creamy. Set aside.nSpread 4 slices of bread with peanut butter and 4 slices with mustard. Divide the grated mozzarella and pecorino cheeses, and the herbs on the peanut butter slices. Top with the prosciutto and Parmesan and cover with the mustardcoated slices.nAdd the milk to a wide shallow dish and dip the sandwiches on both sides lightly coating in milk and put them on a baking dish greased with oil. Drizzle with the olive oil and cook in the oven until golden brown., ingredients: [1 roasted pepper, sliced, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, Red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices white sandwich bread, 3 tablespoons peanut butter, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 ball mozzarella de buffalo, grated, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley and fresh basil, thinly sliced, 4 slices prosciutto, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup milk, Extra virgin olive oil, for greasing], title: Mozzarella en Carozza Sandwiches with Prosciutto and Peanut Butter, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 3498: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Sprinkle garlic with a pinch of salt and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the garlic to a coarse paste. Heat the oil in a stockpot on the grates of the grill, add the shallots and garlic and cook until shallots soften. Add the wine, bring to a boil and stir in the mussels. Cover the pot and cook the mussels until all of them have opened, about 6 to 8 minutes, discard any that do not open.nRemove the mussels with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Bring the cooking liquid to a simmer and whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the tarragon. Pour the mixture over the mussels and serve immediately with grilled bread.nBrush cut side of baguette with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill, cut side down until lightly golden brown., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for the bread, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 2 cups white wine, 2 pounds cultivated mussels, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 baguette, halved lengthwise], title: Steamed Mussels with White Wine, Tarragon, Shallots, Butter, and Grilled French Bread, picturelink: null}, 3499: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine ingredients in a small nonreactive bowl and mix until smooth season with salt, as desired. Refrigerate 12 to 24 hours before using., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup rice vinegar or lemon juice, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Chili Mayonnaise Shrimp Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: VXAigTBjZ1GJJliczGQLaOtMvaJs2}, 3500: {instructions: Place herring pieces, potato, onion, pickle, apple and mayonnaise in a bowl and mix to combine. Add mayonnaise and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSpread about 1 teaspoon of butter on each bread half. Top with a lettuce leaf, then with the herring mixture., ingredients: [4 thin pickled herring fillets about 34pound, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small potato, peeled, boiled, cut into 14inch cubes, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill pickle, 1 small apple, peeled, cored, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 stick butter, room temperature, 6 thin slices black bread, halved, Green leaf lettuce], title: Herring Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 3501: {instructions: Put the chicken in a saucepan along with the water and salt. Bring just to a boil then reduce to a gentle simmer. Cook, covered, just the chicken is just firm, about 15 minutes. Set chicken aside off the heat, to cool and finish cooking in the liquid. When cool, pull apart by hand into shredded bitesize pieces.nWhisk yogurt, mayonnaise, lime juice, curry, grated ginger and parsley in a bowl. Add chicken, almonds, and pineapple, and fold to coat evenly. Make open faced sandwiches with the salad and watercress on the bread or muffins. Serve., ingredients: [2 bonein skinless chicken breast halves, about 1 12 pounds, 4 cups water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 cup nonfat yogurt, 14 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 12 teaspoons Madrasstyle curry powder, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 13 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds, 14 fresh pineapple, diced about 1 14 cups, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed, 4 slices wheat bread or 2 whole wheat English muffins, split and toasted], title: Openfaced Curried Chicken Salad Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 3502: {instructions: Bring chicken stock to a boil in a large saucepan reduce to a simmer and keep warm while preparing risotto.nHeat olive oil in a 4quart saucepan. Add onion and a pinch of salt and saute over mediumlow heat until it is soft and translucent but not at all browned. Add rice and continue to saute, coating rice with the oil, until grains are lightly toasted, about 4 to 6 minutes. Adjust heat as necessary to keep pan temperature relatively constant. Add white wine and stir until it is almost completely absorbed.nBegin adding simmering stock to rice, 1 ladleful at a time, stirring the rice constantly and continuing to cook at a constant low simmer. Add more stock each time the last addition is nearly, but not completely, absorbed.nAbout 15 minutes after you begin adding stock, test rice by biting into a grain. It is done when it is almost cooked but still al dente, you should be able to feel a little bite in the middle of the grain, but it should not taste uncooked or gritty. Dont worry if you have not used all the stock.nRemove risotto from heat and stir in butter, Parmesan and 1 cup of Cabernet wine until butter and cheese are melted. Adjust seasoning as necessary with salt and pepper. Transfer to a platter or individual shallow bowls. Garnish with a drizzle of the wine and some grated Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cups chicken stock lowsodium, if canned, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup minced onion, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 3 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup grated Parmigiano, plus a bit more for garnish, 1 cup Cabernet Sauvignon, plus 12 cup for garnish], title: Risotto al Cabernet, picturelink: null}, 3503: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat baking sheets with nostick cooking spray.n2. COMBINE shortening, granulated sugar and brown sugar in large bowl beat at low speed of electric mixer until well blended. Beat in eggs and vanilla.n3. COMBINE flour, cinnamon, salt and baking soda in medium bowl. Add gradually to shortening mixture at low speed. Stir in oats, nuts, chocolate chips, brickle bits and apple chips with spoon.n4. DROP 2 measuring tablespoonfuls into a mound for each cookie. Place 3 inches apart on prepared baking sheet. Flatten with hard spatula to 1inch thickness.n5. BAKE 11 to 13 minutes or until light brown around edges. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets transfer to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, plus 2 tablespoons OR 1 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 3 cups oats quick or old fashioned, uncooked, 1 12 cups chopped pecans, 2 cups 12 oz. pkg. miniature semisweet chocolate chips, 1 6 oz. package almond brickle bits, 1 3 oz. package apple chips coarsely crushed], title: Cowboy Bobs Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 3504: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place all ingredients, except the artichokes, in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Place the artichoke hearts a small baking dish and pour the mixture over them. Cover and bake in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until tender. Serve with lots of bread to sop up juice.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace salmon in a small baking dish and pour 12 cup of the vinaigrette over. Marinate for 15 minutes. Preheat grill or grill pan over high heat. Remove salmon from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste and grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, brush with the reserved vinaigrette every 2 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 sprigs parsley, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 whole black peppercorns, 8 large artichoke hearts, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup seeded nicoise olives, 1 teaspoon chile de arbol powder, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each, Black olive vinaigrette, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Salmon with Black Olive Vinaigrette and Braised Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 3505: {instructions: Spicy Olive Relish Mayonnaise:nCombine the red peppers, jalapeno, garlic, mayonnaise and vinegar in a food processor and process until smooth. Scrape the mixture into a medium bowl and fold in the olive relish and parsley. Set aside.nMuffuletta:n1. Heat the grill to high or the grill pan over high heat.n2. Brush the chicken breasts with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes per side until golden brown and just cooked through. Remove from the grill, let rest 5 minutes then slice into 14inch thick slices on the bias.n3. Spread some of the mayonnaise on the bottom half of the bread, add a few tablespoons of the olive relish, add half of the cheese, half of the chicken and repeat with the remaining ingredients, mayonnaise, olive relish, cheese, chicken in that order.n4. Spread the cutside of the top of the loaf with more of the mayonnaise and place, mayonnaiseside down on the chicken. Wrap tightly in foil, place on a baking sheet and place bricks or a heavy cast iron pan on top. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to meld or overnight., ingredients: [Spicy Olive Relish Mayonnaise:, 2 roasted red peppers from a jar, drained, 12 or 1 jalapeno chile, chopped depending on how spicy you like, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup Hellmanns mayonnaise, 34 cup prepared olive relish, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons red or white wine vinegar, Muffuletta:, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 14inch thick slices provolone cheese, 1 large round loaf of bread, sliced in half crosswise, Spicy olive relish, Spicy Olive Relish Mayonnaise, Aluminum foil, 2 bricks or a cast iron pan and a few heavy cans.], title: Chicken Muffuletta with Spicy Olive Relish Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 3506: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven broiler.nIn a small bowl, combine the espresso, sugar, mustard, garlic powder, salt and paprika. Mix well. Pull the beef apart on a clean work surface and sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper. Mix well but lightly and form into patties the same size as the rolls. Sprinkle both sides of the patties with 1 teaspoon of the rub each, and pat down to adhere. Refrigerate until ready to grill.nCut the radicchio into quarters, leaving the core intact. Put the quarters into a medium bowl and pour 2 tablespoons olive oil evenly over the radicchio. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Toss lightly to coat.nWhen the grill is barely starting to smoke, grill the radicchio, cut side down, until charred, about 2 minutes. Turn to the opposite cut side and grill for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a bowl to cool.nCut the apple into matchsticksize pieces and add to a large bowl. Thinly slice the red onion to make 13 cup, and add to the bowl. Remove the cores from the radicchio and thinly slice then add to the bowl with the apple along with the vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Combine well and set aside.nGrill the burgers or until you see a nice brown edge forming. About 6 minutes. Turn and top with cheese. Tent the burgers with foil or a hotel pan and pour 2 tablespoons of cold water on grill to create steam to melt the cheese. Turn the grill off.nSlice the rolls in half and brush with olive oil and season with salt. Broil until brown and crisp. Uncover the burgers and turn the grill back on to high. When burgers start a good sizzle, transfer to the rolls and top with slaw before serving. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 tablespoons instant espresso, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 3 pounds 85 percent fresh ground chuck, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 head radicchio, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored, 1 red onion, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 ounces Italian fontina cheese, sliced, 8 fresh ciabatta rolls recommended: Whole Foods Market rolls, Salt], title: Tuscan Espresso Burger with Grilled Radicchio Slaw, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 3507: {instructions: In a food processor, combine yogurt, peanut butter and dark brown sugar and puree. Pour into a decorative bowl and chill in the refrigerator, about 20 minutes.nWhile the dip is chilling, make fruit critters using the fruits for bodies, pretzel sticks for legs, and raisins for eyes. Here are some suggestions, but use your imaginationnQuarter and core an apple. Place the flesh side down so the peel is facing up. This will be the shell for a beetle. Cut 1 raisin in 12, place the inside down towards 1 end of the apple to make eyes for your beetle. Break 4 pretzel sticks in half and insert into the bottom for legs.nCarefully thread grapes onto a pretzel stick to make a caterpillar. Stick 2 sunflower seeds into one of the end grapes to make eyes. You can also use 2 kinds of grapes to make a multi colored caterpillar.nFor a fly or bee: Cut off the last 2 inches of a banana, so you have a piece with a slight curve and a tapered end. This will be the body. Carefully stick a pretzel stick into the cut surface so half is in the banana and half is sticking out. Core a strawberry and carefully stick in onto the other half of the pretzel stick to attach the head. Cut a raisin in 12 and stick the cut side onto either side of the strawberry to make eyes. Cut 2 slices of apple and carefully stick into the banana to make wings.nDip the critters in the dip and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups lowfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 pint strawberries, 12 cup raisins, 3 apples, 1 12 cups seedless grapes, 3 bananas, peeled, Thin pretzel sticks, Sunflower seeds], title: Fruit Critters with Yogurt Peanut Butter Dip, picturelink: null}, 3508: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCut Feuille de Bric sheets into 2 12inch squares, spray with pan spray and crisscross in muffin tins. Bake until golden brown, let cool and remove from pan.nIn a medium bowl mix figs removed from the syrup with mascarpone cheese, heavy cream, and 1 large egg. Mix on slow speed until figs are well broken. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fill tart shell 34 of the way and bake for 20 minutes or until filling is firm. Garnish with black fig syrup and serve warm., ingredients: [Feuille deBric or phyllo dough, 4 fresh white figs, in syrup, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 egg, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon black fig syrup], title: Golden Fig and Mascarpone Tart, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 3509: {instructions: Special equipment: metal or wooden skewersnIn a medium bowl, whisk together the pineapple juice, soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, vegetable oil, gochujang and garlic. Pour into a large resealable plastic bag and add the pork, moving the bag around to ensure the marinade coats all of the pork. Seal the bag and refrigerate for 1 12 hours.nAfter 1 12 hours, remove the bag with the meat from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. If using wooden skewers, soak in water at this point.nHeat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nRemove the pork from the marinade and discard the marinade. Thread 5 to 6 pork cubes on each skewer. Season the pork on all sides with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Grill and flip to cook on all sides until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Serve immediately with Sunnys Baked Pineapple Rice or cover with aluminum foil until serving.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the rice and pineapple in an 8by8inch baking dish. In a medium pot on high heat, add the coconut milk, butter, salt, some black pepper and 1 cup water. Cook until the butter melts and the mixture is just below simmering. Pour over the rice and immediately cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed, 35 to 40 minutes.nAdd the almonds and scallions, fluff with a fork and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon gochujang Korean chili paste, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp grater or finely minced, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Sunnys Baked Pineapple Rice, recipe follows, for serving, 1 cup jasmine rice, rinsed, 4 pineapple rings, cut into chunks, 12 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup toasted almond slivers, 2 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped], title: Sunnys Pork Kebabs and Baked Pineapple Rice, picturelink: LxAJONm3YZKyGXPiqB1yyy9KMdUSWPe}, 3510: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLine 2 12 by 14inch sheet pans with parchment or buttered waxed paper.nIn a medium sized bowl, combine the first 5 ingredients and sift onto a piece of parchment or waxed paper. Set aside.nIn an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, beat eggs for 1 minute. Add sour cream and chocolate syrup and mix to combine. With mixer on low speed, gradually add the dry ingredients until incorporated. Add melted butter and mix until fully incorporated.nSpread batter evenly onto the 2 sheet pans. Bake cakes for 10 to 12 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cakes cool completely.nUsing a serrated knife, cut off the top crust from the cakes. Freeze the cakes for 5 minutes.nSpread softened ice cream onto 1 cake. Place second cake on top. Freeze until hardened. Cut into 3inch squares when ready to serve., ingredients: [2 14 cups sugar, 8 ounces dark cocoa powder or Dutch processed cocoa powder, 12 ounces pastry flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, 2 cups sour cream, 1 34 cups chocolate syrup recommended: Hersheys, 3 sticks butter, melted, 1 gallon ice cream, preferred flavor, softened], title: Homemade Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 3511: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. When the pan is hot, add 2 tablespoons of butter. Season the pork generously with salt and pepper, to taste, and sear on all sides in the hot pan until golden brown set aside. Add the onions and apples and season again with salt and pepper. Cook until they begin to caramelize, then pour in the hard cider and scrape the brown bits off the bottom of the pan. Bring to a simmer and nestle the browned pork roast back into the pan. Cover with a lid and put in the oven to braise until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove the pork roast from the pot and transfer to a carving board tent with foil to keep warm. Transfer the contents of the pot to a food processor or blender and puree, then return the puree to the pan. Bring to a boil, season with salt and pepper, to taste, then reduce the heat to low and add more cider if gravy is too thick. Add the remaining tablespoon of cold butter, whisking constantly as it melts. Remove from heat when the gravy is smooth and shiny and the butter is completely melted.nSlice pork loin roast and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with sauce and enjoy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon cold, 2 12 pound pork loin roast, trimmed and tied, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 onion, peeled and sliced, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced, 1 bottle, 12 ounces hard cider, plus more as necessary], title: Pork Roast with Hard Cider Gravy, picturelink: null}, 3512: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, chili powder, allspice, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and brush the turkey all over with the spice mixture. Heat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook 2 of the turkey scallopine at a time, turning only once until browned on each side, about 3 minutes total. Transfer to a serving dish and repeat with the rest of the turkey. Note: Wipe out the skillet with a dry paper towel between each batch, but not after the last batch.nPlace the greens in a large bowl and set aside. Add the vinegar to the skillet along with the honey and cranberries. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, season the hot vinaigrette with salt and pepper, to taste, and pour over the greens. Toss to coat and serve the wilted greens on top of the turkey., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 8 turkey scaloppini about 1 pound 10 ounces, 6 cups mixed baby greens, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup dried cranberries], title: Spicy Turkey Scaloppini with Cranberries and Greens, picturelink: null}, 3513: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring 3 12 cups water and butter to a boil season with a pinch of salt. In a separate medium saucepan, heat the milk, 1 12 cups sugar, vanilla bean and seeds, cinnamon sticks over mediumlow heat. When the water comes to a boil, add the rice. Cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the water has absorbed into the rice, about 15 minutes. Strain the milk mixture into the rice cook, stirring often, until the rice is tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Spread the cooked rice on a large rimmed baking sheet to cool refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nPlace the hazelnut spread in a pastry bag. On a wax paperlined plate, pipe the spread into 12 1inch morsels. Transfer plate to freezer freeze until hazelnut spread is solid, about 1 hour.nUsing a 12cup measure, form the cool rice into balls insert a portion of the frozen hazelnut spread into each ball. Repeat with remaining rice and hazelnut spread.nIn a large bowl, whisk together 12 cup flour and 12 cup water until smooth should be the consistency of buttermilk. Place the breadcrumbs in a shallow dish. Dip each rice ball into the batter, shaking off the excess roll in the breadcrumbs. Repeat with the remaining rice balls.nIn a Dutch oven or other large pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Use a slotted spoon to lower the rice balls into the hot oil in batches of 2 to 4 arancini being careful not to crowd the pan. Fry the arancini, turning occasionally, until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Place arancini on a paper towellined plate to drain. In a small bowl, stir together the remaining 14 cup sugar with 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon. Roll warm arancini in cinnamon sugar., ingredients: [4 cups water, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 4 cups skim milk, 1 34 cups sugar, 2 vanilla beans, split and seeds scraped, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 12 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup chocolate hazelnut spread Recommended: Nutella, 12 cup flour, 12 cup plain dried breadcrumbs, 8 cups vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: ChocolateHazelnut Arancini, picturelink: null}, 3514: {instructions: Special equipment: A very large steamer like a canning potnPlace corn husks in clean kitchen sink with plug to hold water, pour very hot water over husks and let soak. Take husks out of water and allow to drain in dish drainer try to stand them straight up so that the water will drain easier.nPlace all dry ingredients in mixer and blend. Pour hot shortening into dry ingredients slowly and blend until evenly distributed about 2 minutes. Pour 1 quart of the hot chicken broth into mixture slowly so as not to splash. Mix on medium until incorporated. Slowly add additional broth to mixture until it is a slightly thicker consistency of hummus spreadable. Mix on high for about 5 minutes to make it light and fluffy. Stir in the chiles.nMix all the cheese together and then make logs the size of a frankfurter, about 5 inches long and 34inch thick. Cover and refrigerate.nTake masa and husks to your area to begin spreading the masa. Take a husk and make sure that you have the smooth, shiny side up and put about 1 12 tablespoons of the masa and spread it with a metal spatula across the center of the husk and then down to about a 14inch from the end and you should have at least 2inches from the top. Chefs Note: I normally stack a few then I put a cheese log in and roll them up and place them in the steamer.nWhen you have completed all of the stuffing and rolling, place them in the steamer and put on the stove top. Bring the steamer to a rolling boil and turn down to a medium boil and let cook for about 2 to 2 12 hours till done., ingredients: [2 bags corn husks, separated and cleaned, 8 cups dry masa flour coarse grade, 1 12 cups shortening, heated, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 cup chili powder, 1 to 2 quarts chicken broth, heated, 1 12 pounds mild Cheddar, grated, 1 12 pounds Monterey jack, grated, 1 pound container Asiago spread, 1 12 pounds jalapenos, roasted and peeled, 1 12 pounds Anaheim chiles, roasted and peeled], title: Cheese with Roasted Chile Tamales: Tamales de Queso con Rajas, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 3515: {instructions: If youre using the vanilla bean, split it and scrape the inside. Put the vanilla bean and scrapings or extract in a saucepan, with milk and 12 cup of sugar.nCover saucepan and bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Remove the vanilla bean. Beat 6 egg yolks and 12 cup sugar until pale and able to form a ribbon. Slowly beat the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture.nPlace the mixture over low to medium heat and stirring constantly, bring to 183 to 187 degrees F, until thick and evenly and thickly coats the back of a spoon. Immediately remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Stir in the cinnamon.nFreeze ice cream in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions. Remove to a sealable container. Keep in the freezer., ingredients: [1 small piece vanilla bean or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 pint plus 2 tablespoons of whole milk, 1 cup sugar, divided, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 3516: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nPeel the butternut squash, remove the seeds, and cut it into 34inch cubes. You should have about 6 cups. Place the squash on a sheet pan and toss it with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes, tossing once, until very tender. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the chicken stock in a small covered saucepan. Leave it on low heat to simmer.nIn a heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, melt the butter and saute the pancetta and shallots on mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, until the shallots are translucent but not browned. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains with butter. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 full ladles of stock to the rice plus the saffron, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Stir, and simmer until the stock is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Continue to add the stock, 2 ladles at a time, stirring every few minutes. Each time, cook until the mixture seems a little dry, then add more stock. Continue until the rice is cooked through, but still al dente, about 30 minutes total. Off the heat, add the roasted squash cubes and Parmesan cheese. Mix well and serve., ingredients: [1 butternut squash 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 2 ounces pancetta, diced, 12 cup minced shallots 2 large, 1 12 cups Arborio rice 10 ounces, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Saffron Risotto with Butternut Squash, picturelink: SP9StYcfIBwo.bSPvrGsHKGkI..BMO}, 3517: {instructions: Put the Parmesan, oil, lemon juice, sundried tomatoes, 3 tablespoons water, vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a jar or other container with a lid. Secure the lid, and shake vigorously to combine. The dressing can be made a day ahead shake well before serving.nLay the bacon in a large nonstick skillet, and cook over medium heat until golden and crispy, about 5 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels, then finely chop.nWipe out the skillet, coat with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Crack the eggs into the skillet, and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle the eggs with salt and pepper. Remove from heat.nMeanwhile, toast the bread, then rub one side of each slice with the garlic. Cut each slice in half. Put 2 toast halves on a plate, and top each set with a romaine heart half. Drizzle with the dressing, top with an egg and sprinkle with bacon. Repeat with the remaining toast, romaine, dressing, eggs and bacon., ingredients: [14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 sundried tomatoes, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 strips bacon, Cooking spray, 4 large eggs, 4 slices wholegrain or whole wheat bread, 1 small clove garlic, halved, 2 hearts of romaine, trimmed and halved lengthwise], title: BaconandEgg Breakfast Caesar Salad, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 3518: {instructions: Special equipment: Two 16inch cake pansnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPrepare two 16inch cake pans by greasing them and lining the bottoms with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fixed with the paddle attachment, add the liquid shortening, inverted sugar and vanilla. Then add the cake flour, granulated sugar, milk powder, baking powder, sea salt and cream of tartar. Mix on speed 1 for 1 minute. Then add half of the egg whites and mix on speed 1 for 3 minutes.nAdd the remaining egg whites and mix on speed 1 for 1 minute. Then mix on speed 3 for 3 minutes. Stop the mixer, scrape the bowl, and add the whole eggs, water and almond extract. Mix on speed 1 for 1 minute. Then on speed 3 for 3 minutes. Lastly, mix on speed 1 for 10 minutes.nFill the cake pans twothirds full and bake until golden and a tester such as a toothpick comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes. Let the cakes cool completely.nTo assemble the cake: Torte the cooled cakes level and split them horizontally into 2 layers each. Generously spread a layer of the Ganache on the first layer of cake, then a generous layer of Cream Cheese Filling. Layer some fresh strawberries on top of the Cream Cheese Filling. Repeat with the next 2 cake layers. Top with the last cake layer and ice the cake smooth with the Vanilla Buttercream Icing. Lastly, pour a thin layer of Pink Poured Fondant over the top of the cake, letting it drip down the sides.nIn a microwavesafe glass bowl, heat the chocolate in the microwave in 30second intervals until melted, stirring between each intervals. Add the cream and mix with a spatula until smooth. Let cool.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the shortening and cream cheese until smooth. Then add the confectioners sugar, sea salt, vanilla and butter emulsion. Mix it all on medium speed for 8 to 10 minutes.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the shortening until smooth. Then add the confectioners sugar, sea salt, vanilla and butter emulsion.nMix it all on medium speed for 8 to 10 minutes.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the confectioners sugar, then the water, corn syrup, almond extract, vanilla, liquid whitener and food coloring. Mix it all on medium speed until smooth, about 10 minutes. Yield: enough for one 16inch layer cake., ingredients: [1 910 pounds liquid shortening, 12 cup inverted sugar, 14 ounce highquality vanilla, 2 12 pounds cake flour, 2 14 pounds granulated sugar, 4 ounces milk powder, 1 12 ounces baking powder, 1 14 ounces fine sea salt, 14 ounce cream of tartar, 3 pounds egg whites, 1 pound whole eggs, 4 ounces water, 1 12 teaspoons natural almond extract, Ganache, recipe follows, Cream Cheese Filling, recipe follows, Fresh strawberries, sliced thin, Vanilla Buttercream Icing, recipe follows, Pink Poured Fondant, recipe follows, 16 ounces highquality dark chocolate, discs or chopped 2 cups, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pounds highratio shortening, 1 pound cream cheese, softened, 5 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon highquality vanilla, 1 teaspoon butter emulsion, 2 12 pounds highratio shortening, 5 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon highquality vanilla, 1 teaspoon butter emulsion, 5 pounds confectioners sugar, 8 ounces water, 5 ounces corn syrup, 1 teaspoon natural almond extract, 1 teaspoon highquality vanilla, 2 teaspoons liquid whitener for icing, 12 teaspoon pink gel food coloring, such as Chefmaster], title: Almond Cake with Cream Cheese, Ganache and Fresh Strawberry Filling, Vanilla Buttercream Icing and Pink Poured Fondant, picturelink: A2seX8v4wJUvlBuSmOOTALZoIrFuqym}, 3519: {instructions: Bring 1 12 pounds seedless green grapes, 34 cup sugar, 4 wide strips orange zest, 14 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 14 teaspoon kosher salt to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly and mashing the grapes against the side of the pan with a wooden spoon, until the mixture coats the spoon, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in 14 cup chopped walnuts. Fill sterilized jars, leaving a 12inch headspace, then seal and process see Cooks Note for 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: GrapeWalnut Conserve, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 3520: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, add the pumpkin pie spice, mustard powder, onion powder, garlic powder, a pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper. Stir and rub on all sides of the pork loin. Let rest at room temperature for up to 2 hours.nAdd 2 tablespoons oil to an ovenproof saute pan and, just when the oil begins to swirl, add the pork loin and sear on all sides until golden, about 3 minutes each side. Remove to a plate.nIn a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, remaining 2 tablespoons oil and a pinch of salt. Rub onto the pork on all sides. Then place back into the pan and into the oven. Bake until the pork is cooked through, about 35 minutes for medium. Let the meat rest about 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 2 pound boneless pork loin end roast, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 1 cup brown sugar], title: Pumpkin SpiceRubbed Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 3521: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add leeks, shallots, garlic, mussels, white wine, and lemon and saute over until the mussels open. Season with salt and pepper, and then add butter and tomatoes. Continue cooking until the butter is melted, carefully tossing to combine. Sprinkle with thyme and parsley, adding more, to taste, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped leeks, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 pounds mussels, 13 cup white wine, 12 lemon, peeled and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, or more to taste], title: Sauteed Mussels, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 3522: {instructions: Stir the stock, parsley, olives, lemon juice, black pepper, tomatoes and rice in a 13 x 9 x 2inch baking dish. Cover the dish.nBake at 375 degrees F for 20 minutes.nPlace the chicken onto the rice mixture. Sprinkle the chicken with the garlic powder and paprika. Cover the dish.nBake for 30 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the rice is tender., ingredients: [2 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 cans 2.25 ounces sliced pitted ripe olives, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cans about 14.5 ounces stewed tomatoes, 1 14 cups uncooked regular longgrain white rice, 6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves about 1 12 pounds, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Paprika], title: Mediterranean Chicken and Rice Bake, picturelink: cQnLlHs7zBqgxOofqwidAF9aBslvjU2}, 3523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the chicken, arugula, cheese, honey, mustard and lemon zest in a medium bowl until smooth. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nDivide the mixture in half and spread over the breads, leaving a 12inch border. Starting at the longest edge, tightly roll up the breads like a jelly roll. Cut each sandwich into eight 1 12inchthick pieces using a serrated knife and serve., ingredients: [2 storebought rotisserie chicken breasts, finely shredded to yield 2 cups meat, 1 12 cups arugula, chopped, 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature 8 ounces, 14 cup honey, 14 cup whole grain mustard, Zest of 1 large lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 12by9inch whole wheat or plain Lavash breads], title: Chicken and Honey Mustard Pinwheels, picturelink: SJYwhz69kfndwIkxT43CtvKxRb.7ae}, 3524: {instructions: Peel and dice potatoes and in a bowl combine with water. Discard dark green tops of leeks and chop remaining leeks. In another bowl, soak leeks in water to cover, agitating occasionally to dislodge any sand, 5 minutes. Lift leeks out of water and drain in a colander.nIn a heavy kettle cook leeks and onion in butter over low heat, stirring occasionally, until leeks are softened. Add potatoes with water and salt, and simmer, covered, until potatoes are very soft about 40 minutes. Add milk and halfandhalf or cream and bring just to a boil, stirring.nIn a blender, puree soup with half of the chiles in batches until smooth, straining as pureed through a very fine sieve into a large bowl, and stir in sour cream and lime juice. Chill soup, covered, until very cold and up to 1 day.nCut remaining chiles into small dices. Serve soup garnished with lime slices and remaining diced chiles.nTo roast peppers: Using a longhandled fork, char peppers over an open flame or on a rack set over an electric burner, turning, until skins are blackened, 4 to 6 minutes. Alternatively, broil peppers on rack of a broiler pan under preheated broiler about 2 inches from heat, turning every 5 minutes, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until skins are blistered and charred. Transfer peppers to a bowl and let stand, covered, until cool enough to handle. Keeping peppers whole, peel them, starting at blossom end. Cut off tops and discard seeds and ribs. Wear rubber gloves when handling chiles., ingredients: [1 pound baking potatoes, like russets about 2, 5 cups water, 4 medium leeks, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups milk, 2 cups halfandhalf or light cream, 34 pound poblano chile peppers about 4 large, roasted, procedure follows, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh lime juice, or to taste, Garnish: halved lime slices], title: Poblano Vichyssoise with Lime, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 3525: {instructions: In a large baking dish, add liver and milk. Let liver soak, covered in the refrigerator, for at least 2 hours and no more than 24 hours.nIn a large castiron skillet, saute bacon over mediumhigh heat until fat is rendered, about 5 minutes. Remove bacon from skillet. Drain off almost all the fat, and place skillet over medium heat. Add onion, and cook until caramelized, about 6 minutes. Add bacon back to skillet with capers, sage, salt, and pepper. Deglaze with wine, and cook for 2 minutes, loosening any brown bits from the bottom of the pan with a spoon. Add stock, and cook until heated through. Pour in cream, and stir to combine.nRemove liver from milk, dredge liver in flour, and season with salt and pepper. In a castiron skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. Cook liver for 3 minutes on each side for medium rare. Serve liver topped with cream sauce and sprinkled with parsley.nPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quarts, ingredients: [24 ounces calfs liver, sliced on an angle and halved, 3 cups milk, 4 ounces slab bacon, cut into 1 by 14inch pieces, 1 medium onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 teaspoons sage, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons white wine, 12 cup veal stock or Homemade Chicken Stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, recipe follows, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Calfs Liver with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 3526: {instructions: Cut bass into 4 serving pieces. In a coffee grinder, coarsely grind up coriander, mustard, cumin and pepper. Coat fish with mixture and garlic. Drizzle on olive oil and set in refrigerator for at least 4 hours, turning every hour or so. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Over high heat, saute fish in ovenproof pan to sear. Pop into oven for 5 minutes to cook. Remove fish from pan and add lemon juice. Cook down on stove until syrupy. Serve over fish., ingredients: [1 12 pounds striped bass fillet, skinned, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 lemons, juiced], title: Striped Basstrami, picturelink: PRO7iEuMGe8KL4lmV49cxIPBA.Dtfq}, 3527: {instructions: Combine the passion fruit syrup, vinegar and mustard in a small non reactive bowl and whisk them well. Gradually drizzle in the olive oil continuing to whisk until the dressing is well mixed. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon passion fruit syrup, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 14 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Passion Fruit Dressing, picturelink: null}, 3528: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. In a 13 x 9 x 2inch baking dish, toss the tomatoes, onion, chopped cilantro, jalapenos, and garlic with 2 tablespoons of the oil. Season with salt. Broil for about 3 minutes, or until the vegetables begin to soften and char. Remove from the broiler and stir the vegetables.nIn a medium bowl, sprinkle the chicken with salt and the remaining 1 teaspoon oil and toss to coat. Nestle the chicken into the tomato mixture and turn to coat. Broil for about 12 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is bubbling and slightly charred on top.nSprinkle the cheeses over the chicken. Broil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the cheese melts and begins to brown. Sprinkle with the cilantro leaves and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds heirloom tomatoes, cut into large cubes, 1 small white onion, finely diced 1 cup, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus 12 cup leaves for garnish, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded if desired for less heat and finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, 1 cup grated pepper Jack cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese], title: Chicken with Ranchera Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3529: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a small knife, trim the stems off the figs and cut the figs in half lengthwise.nPlace the figs and the wine in a small saucepan, bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat, and simmer about 20 minutes until figs have absorbed most of the wine and they are tender and fat. Remove figs with a slotted spoon to a bowl and reserve for later. Some reduced wine should remain for sauce return wine to medium heat and simmer again until reduced by half and a syrupy liquid remains. Let cool slightly.nSlice demibaguette into 12inch slices. Lay the bread slices on a baking sheet and toast lightly in the oven, about 5 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool.nSpread a tablespoon of ricotta on each crostini then lay a small piece of prosciutto on top of the cheese. Place fig halves on top of the meat and finish by drizzling the remaining reduced wine on top of the figs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint about 15 to 20 dried figs, preferably Calimyrna, 2 cups fullbodied red wine, 1 demibaguette or half a regular baguette, 1 cup whole milk ricotta, 14 pound prosciutto], title: Winey Figs, Prosciutto and Ricotta Crostini, picturelink: Sy6PCT3eJMDfRx28ZuiHlxvL6dlk3W}, 3530: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray cookie sheets with nonstick cooking spray. Break up cookie dough into large bowl. Add cornmeal mix well. Shape rounded tablespoon of dough around each candy, covering completely. Place 2 inches apart on sprayed cookie sheets. Bake at 375 for 9 to 12 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Cool 1 minute. Remove from cookie sheets place on wire rack. Cool 10 minutes or until completely cooled. In small microwavesafe bowl, combine chips and shortening. Microwave on High for 30 to 45 seconds, stirring every 15 seconds until smooth. Stir in ground red pepper. Drizzle glaze over cookies., ingredients: [1 18oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Sugar Cookies, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 20 dark chocolate candy miniatures from 11oz. pkg., unwrapped, 13 cup cinnamon chips, 1 teaspoon shortening, Dash ground red pepper cayenne, if desired], title: Mexican ChocolateFilled Cornmeal Cookies, picturelink: null}, 3531: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a Dutch oven or deep saute pan. Brown the lamb and beef. Remove the meat from the pan with a slotted spoon. Add the onions to the pan and saute until the onions are tinged brown at the edges  about 5 minutes. Add the chopped carrots and cook for 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, tomato puree, thyme, parsley and cinnamon. Stir and saute for 2 minutes. Next, stir in the flour, which will soak up the juice, then stir in the wine and the beef stock. Taste and add salt and pepper, as needed. Return the meat to the pan and bring to a boil. Cover, turn down the heat to low and simmer for about 30 minutes until the lamb is fully cooked.nPeel the potatoes, cut them into large evensized pieces and place into a pot of cold, salted water. Bring the water to a boil and cook potatoes until they are tender, about 10 minutes. Potatoes are done when a knife can easily go through.nWhen the potatoes are done, drain off the water, return them to the saucepan, cover with a clean tea cloth to absorb the steam and leave them for about 5 minutes. Next, add the butter and mash them to a puree. Season with salt and pepper. When the meat is ready, spoon it into a 9by13inch baking dish and level it out with the back of the spoon. After that, spread the mashed potato evenly all over. Sprinkle the scallions on top of the potato, scatter the cheese over the scallions and bake the pie until the top is crusty and golden, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 pound minced British lamb, 1 pound minced beef, 2 medium onions, peeled and chopped, 3 carrots, peeled and chopped very small, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, 1 level tablespoon tomato puree, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 level tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup red wine, 1 12 cups fresh beef stock, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup scallions, cleaned and chopped, 1 cup mature Cheddar, coarsely grated], title: Shepherds Pie with ScallionCheese Crust, picturelink: lyWTLBEaFIgPWefvdZZpbD4AnB4YLoO}, 3532: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a blender blend eggs, cream, and salt until just combined and stir in 2 tablespoons chives. In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water very low heat cook egg mixture, stirring, until creamy and just cooked through, about 18 to 20 minutes, and season with freshly ground black pepper.nRemove the top of the popovers and place each onto 4 plates and divide egg mixture among the popovers. Top egg with salmon and garnish plates with remaining tablespoon chives.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees. Spray popover pan with nonstick vegetable oil. In mixing bowl beat eggs slightly. Add remaining ingredients and beat until smooth. Do not overbeat. Fill popover pans 34 full. Bake 15 minutes, reduce heat to 325 degrees and bake 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Serve immediately. Variation: For mini popovers, bake in a mini nonstick pan at 400 degrees for 17 minutes. Yield: 6 large or 9 mini popoversnRecipe adapted from back of Wilton Plus 3 Bakeware ., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 4 ounces sliced smoked salmon, Four popovers, recipe follows, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Creamy Eggs with Smoked Salmon on Popovers, picturelink: null}, 3533: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and crushed pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 45 seconds. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, and salt and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until deep red in color and reduced to about 4 cups, about 25 minutes. Season with pepper to taste. Use now, or store, covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, corn or peanut, 12 medium Spanish onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes with puree, pureed in a blender, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick Barbeque Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3534: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, Cheddar, romano, sour cream, hot sauce and Worcestershire in a bowl. Using a handheld mixer, whip until combined. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper if necessary. Plop the cheese mixture onto a parchmentlined baking sheet and cover in plastic wrap. Using your hands, mold the cheese into a football shape. Remove the plastic, cover evenly with the nuts and cranberries and, using Sriracha, draw football laces on top. Set in the fridge for at least 30 minutes to firm up. Serve with chips, veggies or hunks of crusty French bread., ingredients: [Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 3 cups shredded aged Cheddar, 1 cup grated romano, 34 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups toasted pecans, finely chopped in a food processor, 1 cup dried cranberries, chopped in a food processor, Sriracha sauce, Chips, veggies or hunks of crusty French bread, for serving], title: Spicy Cheddar Cheese Football, picturelink: SHg8rPvA5Ib9c28Nh9uO2m.cixmUz6C}, 3535: {instructions: In a medium sauce pot, bring water and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil. Add green beans and blanch for 3 minutes. Remove from water and put into an ice water bath. Drain.nHeat grill or gas burners. Place cleaned corn on the cob on the grill or burner. Turn corn and lightly brown all the way around. Let cool and slice the kernels off the cob.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, add oil, after 45 seconds add onions and saute for 4 to 5 minutes, add green beans, corn, and garlic. Saute for 4 minutes, deglaze with wine, season with salt and pepper, and butter.nGarnish with Roma tomatoes and Parmesan.nEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [Water, to cover beans, 4 cups green beans, ends cut, 2 corn on the cob, white preferably, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, large, cut in 18inch rounds, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 14 cup white wine, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoons black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup diced Roma tomatoes, 3 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Green Beans with Roasted Corn and Green Onions, picturelink: 5pnWYGMxlf9UrhVh5PeaBchxi6.3HBS}, 3536: {instructions: For the lamb: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, sesame seeds, garlic and ginger. Add the lamb chops and stir to coat. Cover and marinate for 30 minutes.nFor the kimchi: In a bowl, stir together the vinegar, granulated sugar, salt and gochugaru. Add the cucumbers and stir to coat. Cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nFor the pickled vegetables: In a saucepan, combine the vinegar, dill, mustard, salt and granulated sugar. Bring the mixture to a simmer over low heat and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove the mixture from the heat and cool. Place the carrots and daikon in a large bowl and pour the pickling mixture over the top. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the arancini: In a bowl, combine the rice with the cilantro and mint and season with salt and pepper. Form the rice into golfballsize balls, stuffing each with 2 peas to make 8 rice balls. Fill a deepsided skillet with 12inch olive oil and heat over medium heat. Fry the arancini until browned on all sides. Drain on paper towels and season with salt.nFor the avocado sauce: Combine the avocados, lime juice and cilantro in a food processor and puree until very smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nRemove the meat from the marinade and transfer the marinade to a saucepan. Bring the marinade to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until reduced by half. Keep warm.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the lamb chops to the hot oil and sear 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium rare. Plate the lamb chops and spoon the marinade sauce over the top. Serve with the arancini, pickled daikon and carrots, kimchi and avocado sauce., ingredients: [2 cups soy sauce, 1 14 cups dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon grated garlic, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 12 lamb chops, bones cleaned, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon gochugaru or crushed red pepper flakes, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 34 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon whole mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 carrot, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 daikon, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cups cooked white rice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 peas, fresh or frozen and thawed, Olive oil, for frying, 3 ripe avocados, Juice of 3 limes, Handful fresh cilantro leaves and stems, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Lamb Chops with Stuffed Arancini, Avocado Sauce, Pickled Daikon and Carrots and Cucumber Kimchi, picturelink: 9.ZS1h6DKj9KYtEId1yiCCHIp8dlbLG}, 3537: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the wings: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 1 large or 2 small rimmed baking sheets with foil.nWhisk together the flour, cayenne and salt in a large bowl.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Working in 3 batches, dredge the wings in the flour mixture and fry until lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes per batch. Transfer the wings with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate. Make sure the oil returns to the proper temperature before frying each batch.nCombine the butter, hot sauce and lemon juice in a large bowl. Toss the fried wings in the hot sauce mixture transfer the wings and sauce to the prepared baking sheets. Bake, flipping the wings occasionally, until they are crispy and have absorbed most of the sauce, about 35 minutes.nFor the blue cheese dressing: Whisk together the mayonnaise, halfandhalf, sour cream, lemon juice, salt, Worcestershire and 14 cup of the blue cheese in a medium bowl until smooth. Gently stir in the remaining 14 cup blue cheese and season with pepper to taste. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 3 days. Makes about 2 12 cups dressing.nTransfer the wings to a serving platter and serve with the blue cheese dressing and celery and carrot sticks., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup hot sauce, or to taste, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, such as Maytag about 3 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Celery sticks, for serving, Carrot sticks, for serving], title: BuffaloStyle Chicken Wings, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 3538: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange onion, sweet potatoes, parsnips and celery root in bottom of slow cooker. Season beef all over with salt and black pepper. Rub flour all over beef. Place roast on top of vegetables in slow cooker.nWhisk together tomatoes, maple syrup, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, and onion powder. Pour mixture over beef.nCover and cook on LOW for 12 hours or on HIGH for 8 hours.nRemove beef from slow cooker and shred with 2 forks. Serve 13 of shredded beef with this meal and all of the vegetables and refrigerate remaining beef for another use., ingredients: [12 cup chopped onion, 2 large sweet potatoes, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 parsnips, peeled and chopped, 1 celery root celeriac, peeled and chopped, 1 5pound boneless beef roast, trimmed of fat, Salt and ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 13 cup maple syrup, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: Beef Roast with Root Vegetables, picturelink: DT6up7kocLQIe07Si97knX.jZt0qMoa}, 3539: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMix the oregano, chipotle powder, cumin, salt and pepper together in a small bowl.nSeason the cubed pork chunks with the spice mixture and put into a large Dutch oven. Add the onion, garlic, chicken stock, the tomato puree, honey, orange and lime juice, and the juiced orange and lime halves. Stir together with a wooden spoon. Put the pot on medium heat and bring the mixture to a simmer. Transfer to the oven and cook, covered, until the pork is tender and easily shreds, about 1 hour and 45 minutes.nRemove the meat from the Dutch oven to a cutting board. Set the Dutch oven over medium heat and reduce the liquid until it becomes slightly syrupy, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, shred the meat and add to a bowl. Drizzle the reduced cooking liquid into the pork and toss. Serve with tortillas, cilantro, sour cream and Zesty Slaw.nWhisk the rice wine vinegar, lime juice, canola oil, and sugar together in a small bowl.nAdd the cabbage, cilantro, green onions, and carrot to a large serving bowl and combine. Drizzle with the dressing and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 3 12pound boneless pork butt, cut into 3inch chunks, 1 medium onion, peeled and quartered, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 small can tomato puree, 1 tablespoons honey, 1 orange, halved and juiced, 1 lime, halved and juiced, 1 package corn tortillas, warmed, Chopped cilantro, for garnish, Sour cream, for garnish, Zesty Slaw, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 head napa cabbage, shredded, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 4 tablespoons freshly sliced green onions, 1 carrot, peeled and shredded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pats Pulled Pork Tacos, picturelink: null}, 3540: {instructions: Sift together the flour, salt, baking soda and spices. Mix together the rest of the ingredients, except the egg whites, adding just the yolks. Whip the egg whites until stiff and fold into the batter. Grease a pudding mold dredged with sugar and pour in batter. Cover the mold with its lid or cover tightly with foil. Steam for 3 to 4 hours, depending on the size of your mold. Serve hot with hard sauce. If you are not serving the pudding immediately, store in the refrigerator soaking in 1 ounce of brandy. Add 1 ounce each week.nServe with warmed Hard Sauce.nCream the butter in an electric mixer until pale in color. Add the sugar and mix well. Add the flavorings and mix in then adjust, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon each salt, baking soda, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and allspice, 1 cup soft bread crumbs, 1 cup chopped suet, 1 cup prune pulp, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 cup uncooked chopped prunes, 14 cup candied lemon peel, finely chopped, 14 cup molasses, 3 eggs, separated, Hard Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Plum Pudding, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 3541: {instructions: For the peanut butter simple syrup: Combine the sugar, peanut butter and 1 cup water in a saucepan and simmer over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture has thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPour the vodka, hazelnut liqueur and 1 ounce of the peanut butter simple syrup into a shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled and frothy. Pour into small up glasses and garnish with a marshmallow thats been injectedstuffed with the peanut butter. Then try not to eat peanut butter from the jar with your hands., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup peanut butter, 3 ounces marshmallowflavored vodka, such as Pinnacle or Smirnoff, 1 12 ounces hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico, Ice, for chilling, 2 marshmallows, for garnish, 1 teaspoon peanut butter, for garnish], title: Nutterfluffer, picturelink: null}, 3542: {instructions: To make the Salsa: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients except the avocado in the order listed. Very gently, fold in the avocado, to avoid smashing the delicate ingredients. Cover and refrigerate until chilled.nTo make the Dressing: In a small bowl, combine all ingredients and whisk them well. Cover and refrigerate. To serve, gently fold the dressing into the salsa. Season to taste and serve., ingredients: [1 cup wellrinsed, canned black beans, 13 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, white and light green parts only, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 34 cup crumbled queso blanco, 34 cup diced mango, 12 cup coarsely chopped orange sections, 1 12 teaspoons Spanish sherry vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 1 cup diced ripe avocado, 1 12 teaspoons minced shallot, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped Italian parsley, 12 teaspoon toasted and ground cumin seeds, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Spanish sherry vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Black Bean, Tropical Fruit and Queso Blanco Salsa, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 3543: {instructions: Rinse the livers and pat dry with a kitchen towel. Clean the livers, by trimming and discarding any visible fat, green parts, or membrane. Set the livers aside.nIn a large saute pan, over medium heat, heat 2 tablespoons of the chicken fat and add the onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the onions to a plate with a slotted spoon. Wipe out the pan.nSpread the livers out in a single layer on a sheet pan and season with the salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high, add 2 tablespoons of the fat to the pan and when the fat begins to shimmer, lay the livers in the pan in a single layer. Working in batches, cook the livers turning each over once, until browned, about 2 to 2 12 minutes per side. Transfer the livers to the plate with the onions. Repeat with 2 tablespoons fat and remaining livers. Cool.nCoarsely chop the livers with a knife dont be tempted to use a food processor. In a medium bowl, gently combine the livers with the eggs, onions, and remaining 2 tablespoons fat. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving. Serve with toast and cornichons if desired.nServing suggestion: Toasted rye or pumpernickel bread and cornichons .nIn a small saucepan combine the chicken fat or skin, thyme, garlic, and water. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumlow to medium heat. Cook until the fat has rendered liquefied and the skin becomes crispy, about 35 to 45 minutes. Adjust the heat, as needed, to keep the skin from browning too quickly. Set the chicken fat aside to cool slightly. Strain into a small bowl. If desired reserve the crispy skin. Refrigerate, covered, for up to one week.nYields: about 12 cup, ingredients: [1 pound chicken livers, preferably fresh, 6 tablespoon rendered chicken fat schmaltz, recipe follows, 1 cup coarsely chopped onion, 2 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, Freshly ground pepper, 2 hardcooked large eggs, finely chopped, 8 ounces chicken fat andor skin, cut into small pieces, 1 sprig fresh thyme or 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons cold water], title: Chopped Chicken Livers, picturelink: null}, 3544: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: cake boards for each tiernPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Grease and flour one of each: 12by2inch, 9by2inch and 6by2inch round cake pans.nUsing a heavyduty mixer, cream 3 sticks of the margarine and 1 pound of the confectioners sugar until the mixture is very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. One at a time, break 6 of the eggs into the batter, beating only as long as it takes to break another egg between additions. Scrape down the sides of the mixing bowl.nMeasure 1 pound of the sifted cake flour into an empty confectioners sugar box, filling to the top. Add the flour to the sugar and egg mixture, stirring gently on low speed. Scrape the sides of the mixing bowl. Add 1 teaspoon of the vanilla extract and mix again. Transfer the batter to a bowl and reserve. Repeat the steps with the other half of the ingredients.nPour the two batches of batter into the prepared pans and bake until the center is set, about 1 hour. Check for doneness by touching the surface lightly with your fingertip or by inserting a toothpick in the center it should come out clean.nCool the cakes in the pans for 10 minutes, and then run a thin knife or spatula between the cake and the pan to loosen the edges. Invert the cakes onto wire racks. Place on cake boards to frost with Buttercream Frosting. Slide the layers off the cake boards to stack and decorate with White Cream Decorator Frosting.nWith an electric mixer, cream the butter and add the sugar slowly, beating together until smooth. Add the cream by the tablespoon, beating well after each addition and adding just enough liquid to make a smooth, spreadable icing, Add the vanilla extract and continue to beat the icing on high speed until it is very light and fluffy about 5 minutes.nUsing an electric mixer, cream the shortening and add the sugar gradually, blending well, and beat until fluffy. Beat in the salt, and then add 4 to 5 tablespoons water by the tablespoon, beating continuously and adding just enough to achieve a smooth, spreadable consistency.nAdd the vanilla extract and beat on high until very fluffy. This frosting can be colored with food coloring if desired and transferred to pastry bags fitted with decorator tips for decorating., ingredients: [3 cups 6 sticks margarine, such as Blue Bonnet, at room temperature, plus more to grease pans, Two 1pound boxes confectioners sugar, boxes reserved, 12 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 pounds sifted cake flour, plus more to dust pans, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, White Cream Decorator Frosting, recipe follows, 1 12 cup 3 sticks butter, at room temperature, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 8 to 10 tablespoons light cream or milk, 3 teaspoons clear vanilla extract, 34 cup solid white vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 1 pound confectioners sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 12 teaspoons clear vanilla extract, Food coloring, optional], title: Just Married ThreeTier Pound Cake, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 3545: {instructions: In a small saucepan stir cornstarch into water to dissolve and stir in remaining marinade ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, whisking constantly, and simmer, whisking, 1 minute. Cool marinade for 5 minutes.nRinse scallops and drain. In a bowl toss scallops with half of marinade and chill, covered, at least 1 hour or overnight. Reserve remaining marinade.nWash broccoli rabe and drain well in a colander.nHeat wok or a deep 12inch skillet over high heat until hot and add oil. Drain scallops and discard used marinade. Heat oil until it begins to smoke and stirfry drained scallops for 1 to 2 minutes until just cooked. Remove scallops to a plate and keep warm.nAdd bell peppers to wok and stirfry 1 minute. Add broccoli rabe and stirfry until wilted slightly and bright green, about 1 minute. Add water, tightly cover, and cook until greens are tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Add reserved marinade, stirring, until vegetables are coated well and sauce has thickened. Transfer vegetables to a platter and top with scallops., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch, 13 cup water, 13 cup soy sauce, 13 cup Chinese rice wine, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds bay scallops, tough muscles removed, if necessary, 1 pound broccoli rabe 1 bunch, hollow or coarse stems discarded, stalks and leaves cut diagonally into 1 12inch sections, 2 red bell peppers, cut into thin strips], title: Ginger Scallops with StirFried Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 3546: {instructions: In a large pot over medium heat combine the vegetables. Cook for 10 minutes. Add peaches and mango and cook for additional 5 minutes. Remove from heat, add lime juice and cilantro. Stir. Pack into hot jars using 14inch headspace. Adjust 2piece caps. Process 10 minutes in boiling water canner., ingredients: [3 cups tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup red onion, chopped, 1 cup yellow pepper, chopped, 13 cup jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups peaches, peeled and chopped about 2 large, 1 cup mango, chopped about 1 large, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro], title: PeachMango Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3547: {instructions: Toss the cheeses and cornstarch in a medium bowl set aside.nRub the garlic all over the inside of a fondue pot, then discard. Add the wine and lemon juice to the pot and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add the cheese mixture in batches, whisking until melted before adding more. The mixture may look separated or curdled at this point.nReduce the heat to medium and add the sherry, mustard and cayenne pepper continue cooking, whisking, until incorporated, 1 more minute. Keep warm over low heat. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 12 cups shredded muenster cheese about 8 ounces, 2 12 cups shredded jarlsberg cheese about 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Cubed crusty bread, for dipping], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 3548: {instructions: Place the tomatoes, watermelon, cucumber, bell pepper, shallot, basil and mint in a large bowl. Season with 1 12 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste. Stir in the olive oil and vinegar.nPuree the tomato mixture in a blender, in batches if necessary. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, pressing to extract any liquid discard the solids and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.nTo serve, top the soup with the small herb leaves and a drizzle of olive oil.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 medium tomatoes, preferably heirloom varieties, chopped, 4 cups diced seedless watermelon, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium shallot, sliced, 13 cup loosely packed basil and mint, plus small leaves for topping, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar], title: Tomato and Watermelon Gazpacho, picturelink: imuwFBdrvck2oxcA8klUMn.VD9bFIa}, 3549: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray set aside.nRemove pizza crust from can and unroll onto baking sheet. Using your hands, press out the dough until it is approximately 14inch thick. Brush the dough with melted butter and sprinkle with seeds.nBake until lightly golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cut into serving size pieces., ingredients: [1 14ounce can pizza crust, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 teaspoon cumin seed, 12 teaspoon poppy seeds, 12 teaspoon sesame seeds], title: NaanStyle Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 3550: {instructions: Peel and dice fruit. Place Riesling in saucepan, add sugar, basil and fruit. Simmer slowly until fruit is tender. Cool and serve over ice cream., ingredients: [Granny Smith apples, 2 pears, 1 cantaloupe, 1 bunch red seedless grapes, 1 bottle Long Island Riesling, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup chopped basil], title: Poached Fruit, picturelink: null}, 3551: {instructions: Clip a candy thermometer to the side of a medium, heavy pot. Place water, sugar and cream of tartar in pot and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a whisk. As the syrup comes to a boil, any impurities in the sugar will rise to the surface remove these using a small stainless steel sieve or strainer.nUsing a clean brush dipped in clean water, wash the sides of the pan down to ensure that no crystals form around the edge of the pan. Add the black food coloring. Continue boiling, washing the pan sides down regularly until the syrup reaches 340 degrees F, and then place the pan into a bowl of cold water to stop further cooking.nFor casting:nAllow mixture to reach a honeylike consistency and pour into the center of a mold, allowing the sugar to run slowly to the sides. Let cool, tap sides of mold, and remove.nFor pulling:nAfter cooking sugar to 340 degrees F and then cooling briefly in the bowl of cold water, pour out onto an oiled marble or silpat mat. Allow to cool around the edges and carefully fold into the center, repeating until a soft pliable mass is formed. Incorporate air to create shine by pulling and folding the sugar until cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups cold water, 4 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon black food coloring, Special Equipment: candy thermometer, pastry brush, silpat mat or marble, metal cookie cutters or cake ring to act as a mold], title: Boiled Sugar, picturelink: null}, 3552: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the chicken with the scallion, ginger and salt to taste. Add enough of the chicken broth to just cover. Bring the liquid to a boil over moderate heat and simmer, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until chicken is just cooked through. Let cool in broth. Drain and cut into strips.nMake the dressing: In a food processor or blender combine ingredients and process until combined well.nIn a bowl combine the chicken with the scallion, carrot, snow peas, basil, mint and cilantro. Add the dressing and toss to combine.nIn a deep fat fryer heat the oil until hot. Add the rice noodles and cook until crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Arrange rice noodles on serving plate and top with the chicken salad., ingredients: [1 whole skinless boneless chicken breast, 1 whole scallion, cut into thick slices, 2 quartersize pieces of fresh ginger, smashed, 23 cups canned chicken broth, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons thai fish sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon minced seeded jalapeno chile, if desired, 2 teaspoons sugar, Salt, 23 cup vegetable oil, 3 scallions, cut into julienne strips, 1 carrot, cut into julienne strips, 1 cup blanched snow peas, cut into julienne strips, 8 large basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 8 large mint leaves, cut into chiffonade, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 8 ounces rice noodles, Oil for deep frying], title: Asian Chicken Salad Over Rice Noodle Cake, picturelink: null}, 3553: {instructions: On a large serving tray, arrange the teapots alongside the bottle of liqueur, a small pitcher of simple syrup, the bowl of whipped cream, and a plate of the candied lemon peel.nInvite guests to sample different teas and flavor them as they desire.nBring water to a boil. Turn off heat. Add bruised mint leaves and allow to steep.nIn a saucepan combine water and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, until the sugar has dissolved. Take pan off heat and cool the syrup. Any extra cooled syrup can be saved in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Cooks note: For the afternoon tea, make a double batch of simple syrup. Reserve half for the tea bar and use the other half to make the candied lemon peel.nUsing a vegetable peeler cut the yellow part of the lemon from the stem end down to the navel end, forming long 34 to 1inch strips. Bring a heavy small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the peels and cook for 1 minute. Drain and then rinse the peels under cold water. Repeat cooking the peels, 2 more times, in the saucepan with fresh boiling water and rinsing under cold water. In the same pan combine the peels with 1 cup of simple syrup. Simmer over mediumlow heat until the peels are soft, about 15 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the peels to parchment paper to dry slightly, about 1 hour.nUsing an electric mixer, whip the cream in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Add the sugar and the vanilla and beat to combine. Transfer the whipped cream to a serving bowl. The whipped cream can be made up to 2 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [Mint, and Earl Grey teas, Amaretto liqueur, Simple syrup, recipe follows, Candied lemon peel, recipe follows, Whipped cream, recipe follows, 3 cups water, 1 cup fresh mint, bruised wiht the back of a spoon., 12 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 2 lemons, 1 cup simple syrup, recipe above, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Tea Bar, picturelink: cRYg0PbhjDX4kY9q2uYmqx8srTcFaa}, 3554: {instructions: Cut the raw tuna in tiny cubes. Season, to taste, with alaea. Chop the ogo and add to the tuna along with garlic, scallions, and crushed red pepper. Garnish with inamona or cashews. Toss and serve cold on demitasse spoons or on crackers., ingredients: [1 6ounce tuna fillet sushi or sashimi quality, Alaea Hawaiian red salt, 14 cup dried ogo seaweed, 2 shallot cloves, chopped, 2 or 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced thinly on the diagonal, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1ounce inamona roasted crushed kukui nut seed of the candlenut tree or 1 12 ounces crushed, Cashews], title: Poke Ahi Tuna, picturelink: null}, 3555: {instructions: For the sauce: Combine all of the sauce ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until all of the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. If desired, you can puree with an immersion blender or an immersion blender for a smooth consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Thin with water, if necessary. While the sauce is simmering, make the filling.nFor the filling: Heat a 12inch nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until the onions are translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until they have released most of their liquid, about 6 minutes. Add a few tablespoons of water if the mushrooms get too dry. Add the spinach and cook until it is heated through. Combine the milk and the cornstarch to make a slurry. Add the milk mixture and bring to a simmer. Once the mixture comes to a simmer, the cornstarch will thicken the liquid. Cook for 1 minute. Add the cumin, chipotle, and lime juice and mix well. Remove from the heat and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cool slightly.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWrap the tortillas in a wet paper towel and microwave for 15 seconds to heat. Ladle 12 of the sauce into the bottom of a baking dish. Place a few tablespoons of the filling on each tortilla and roll into a cylinder. Place, seam side down in the dish. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and filling. Top with the remaining sauce and the cheese. Bake, uncovered, until heated through and bubbly, about 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 10ounce cans tomatoes with chiles, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large red onion, diced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 pound portobello mushrooms, cleaned and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed to remove excess water, 12 cup skim milk, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon minced chipotle in adobo optional, 1 lime, juiced, 4 6inch lowfat corn tortillas, 14 cup queso blanco], title: Spinach and Mushroom Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 3556: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the vodka, cranberry juice, lemon juice, orange juice and Simple Syrup to the shaker. Smash the slice of serrano chile with the back of a bar spoon several times and add it to the shaker. Shake for 8 to 10 seconds and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with the slice of jalapeno. This cocktail may be served straight up or on the rocks.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 ounces orangeflavored vodka, 12 ounce cranberry juice, 12 ounce lemon juice, 12 ounce orange juice, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 slice serrano chile, 1 slice jalapeno pepper, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: The Locomotive, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 3557: {instructions: For the marinade, mix ponzu, ginger, soy and sesame oil. Marinate fish for only 10 minutes. Overmarinating will fully cook the fish.nOn a hot grill, season the fish and mark both sides. The fish will take about 8 minutes to fully cook.nFor the salad, mix the neutral vinaigrette with the gari and toss with pea sprouts. Place a small mound in the middle of the plate and top with grilled snapper. Drizzle plate with soy ginger and wasabi oil.nWhisk all together.nBring vinegar, soy sauce, brown sugar, and scallions to a boil. Add ginger, bring back to a boil and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a stainless steel bowl, whisk wasabi, mirin, and sugar. Add water until a loose puree is achieved. Whisk in oil.nFor extra spicy, use less oil., ingredients: [12 cup ponzu, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 14 cup thin soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 4 6ounce snapper fillets, skin off, 4 cups pea sprouts, 1 tablespoon julienned gari pickled ginger, 3 tablespoons neutral vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, Wasabi oil, recipe follows, Soy marinated ginger, recipe follows, Canola oil, Salt and white pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper, 34 cup rice wine vinegar, 34 cup thin soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup scallion, sliced, 1 cup thinly sliced ginger, 12 cup wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 teaspoon sugar, Water, 12 cup canola oil], title: Grilled PonzuMarinated Snapper with Wasabi Oil and Soy Marinated Ginger, picturelink: null}, 3558: {instructions: Make Classic Shortbread dough with just 1 cup flour. Add 1 cup ground oats and 34 cup finely ground walnuts with the flour. Divide between two 8inch square pans, score and bake about 1 hour at 300 degrees. Cool and slice drizzle with melted bittersweet chocolate., ingredients: [], title: OatWalnut Thins, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 3559: {instructions: Place the olive oil in a large heavybottomed pot over medium heat and saute the pieces of chicken until golden brown on all sides, about 12 minutes. Remove the chicken pieces with a slotted spoon. Add the onions to the pot, along with the red pepper flakes, and cook them for 10 minutes or until translucent. Add the tomato and the tomato paste, mixing well. Add the saffron and allow to simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken back to the pot, along with the basil, and lower the heat, allowing the sauce to simmer for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nWhile the chicken is simmering, cook the pasta, drain it, mix well with the sauce and serve with the grated Pecorino on the side., ingredients: [1 pound cavatelli, 1 3 12 pound chicken, cut into 16 equalsized pieces, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 red onions, peeled and chopped, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 pounds very ripe fresh tomatoes, passed through a food mill, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 large pinches saffron, 21 basil leaves, julienned, Freshly grated Pecorino Romano], title: Cavatelli al Sugo di Pollo, picturelink: null}, 3560: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Peel and cut the potatoes into chunks. Bring a large pot of water to a simmer and add the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook until fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a large colander. Place them back into the dry pot and put the pot on the stove. Mash the potatoes over low heat, allowing all the steam to escape before adding in all the other ingredients. Turn off the heat and add the 1 12 sticks of butter, the cream cheese, heavy cream, seasoned salt, salt and pepper. Mash to combine. Spread the potatoes in a medium buttered baking dish. Throw a few pats of butter if desired over the top of the potatoes and place in the oven until the butter is melted and the potatoes are warmed through, 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [5 pounds russet or Yukon gold potatoes, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks butter, softened, plus 4 tablespoons 12 stick, optional, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 to 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Creamy Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 3561: {instructions: Put the sugar in an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. With the mixer on the lowest speed, slowly add the water, the corn syrup and vanilla extract. When the sugar is sufficiently moistened it wont fly out of the mixer, raise the speed to high, and beat for 2 minutes until completely smooth and glossy.nDivide and color, as desired. Store at room temperature, covered with plastic wrap directly on the surface of the icing, to prevent forming a skin.nFor cupcakes: Dip the surface of the cupcakes into the icing, allowing excess to drip into bowl. Clean any excess from the sides. Alternately, use a knife or a spreader to apply. Whisk as needed to keep icing glossy and smooth while using.nFor Light Blue Icing: Combine 2 to 3 drops of blue food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nFor Deep Yellow Icing: Combine 4 to 5 drops of yellow food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nFor Purple Icing: Combine 4 drops of red and 5 drops of blue food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing., ingredients: [3 1 pound boxes confectioners sugar, 1 cup water, 5 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Food coloring, as desired see suggested colors below], title: Basic Glaze Icing, picturelink: null}, 3562: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, salt, and spices stir well to mix. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter and brown sugar until combined. Beat in the egg until the mixture is smooth. Lower the speed and beat in half the flour mixture, then all the cold coffee. Scrape the bowl and beaters well, then beat in the remaining flour mixture. Stir in the raisins and walnuts. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill the dough for 1 hour.nAbout 20 minutes before you are ready to bake the cookies, set the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees. Drop teaspoonfuls of the dough 2 or 3 inches apart onto the prepared pans. Bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they spread and become firm. Slide the papers off the pans onto racks. After the cookies have cooled, detach them from the paper and store them between sheets of parchment or waxed paper in a tin or plastic container with a tightfitting cover., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 large egg, 14 cup brewed coffee, cold or milk, 1 14 cups dark raisins, 3 ounces about 23 cup coarsely chopped walnut pieces, 3 or 4 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans, covered with parchment or foil], title: Hermits, picturelink: null}, 3563: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12muffin tin with paper liners and spray with cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, bran flakes 13 cup of the chopped walnuts, baking powder, cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, baking soda and nutmeg in a large bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, oil, sour cream, bananas, eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl. Add the wet mixture into the dry mixture and gently fold until just incorporated its OK if there are lumps in the batter.nEvenly divide the batter among the muffin cups and sprinkle each with some of the remaining 1 tablespoon walnuts and turbinado sugar if using. Bake until the muffins are golden brown, bounce back when pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool in the pan for a few minutes, then remove and cool completely on a rack. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cups wholewheat pastry flour or white wholewheat flour, 12 cup bran flakes, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon walnuts, toasted and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 ripe medium bananas, mashed, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Turbinado sugar for sprinkling, optional], title: BananaWalnut Bran Muffins, picturelink: CilQdpsQJplBtcSkduptZFGnmRjxiK}, 3564: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over medium heat for 5 minutes. Slice the bread in half the long way. Brush the cut sides with 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and pepper and grill, cutside down, until nicely charred. Remove from the grill to a cutting board. While the bread toasts, toss the tomatoes with a bit of olive oil, salt, pepper and the chopped basil. Mound the mixture on the toasted bread. Melt the butter in a large nonstick saute pan over low heat. Crack the eggs into a bowl and whisk until light and fluffy with the coarse pepper. Add the eggs to the skillet and mix gently using a rubber spatula until soft curds form. Fold in the cheese and remove from the heat. Spoon the eggs onto 4 dinner plates. Slice the bruschetta into 4 or 8 pieces and put next to the eggs. Drizzle some olive oil over the bruschetta and scatter the basil leaves on top., ingredients: [1 loaf Italian bread, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large ripe tomatoes, roughly chopped, Generous handful fresh basil, roughly chopped, plus small leaves for serving, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 dozen large eggs, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 4 ounces coarsely grated Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Soft Scrambled Eggs with Romano and Black Pepper with Tomato Bruschetta, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 3565: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat a large skillet thoroughly with nonstick spray. Over medium heat, heat potatoes for about 10 minutes, stirring frequently and sprinkling generously with nosalt seasoning. Transfer to casserole dish and sprinkle with shredded cheese and crumbled bacon. Bake in oven about 5 minutes sprinkle with scallions, then return to oven for another few minutes, until cheese is melted. Serve immediately with a hearty dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 32ounce package frozen potato pieces, Nosalt multipurpose seasoning, 1 package shredded Cheddarjack blend cheese, 12 cup crumbled cooked bacon, 12 cup sliced scallions, Sour cream, for garnish], title: Cheesy Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 3566: {instructions: Cook onion in 3 tablespoons oil in a 10inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden and soft, 8 to 10 minutes more. Add tomatoes, paprika, sugar, and salt and cook, uncovered, over moderately low heat, stirring frequently, until mixture is very thick jamlike, 25 to 30 minutes. Puree in a blender or food processor, then transfer to a bowl to cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush both sides of bread slices with remaining 3 tablespoons oil, then arrange in 1 layer on a baking sheet and bake, turning once, until lightly toasted, about 15 minutes total.nSpread the toasts with the confit, top with a chive baton, and place an olive 12, roundedside up, in the center of each.nCooks note: Confit can be made 4 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before using., ingredients: [1 small onion, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 28 to 32ounce can whole tomatoes in juice, drained, seeded, and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sweet Spanish smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 20inch baguette preferably sourdough, cut diagonally into 14 to 12inch thick slices, 34inch long chive batons or slivers cut on the diagonal, as needed, Oilcured olives, as needed, pitted and halved lengthwise], title: Sourdough Toasts with Smoky Tomato Confit, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 3567: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the broccoli and cauliflower florets. Boil the vegetables for 5 minutes, then remove them with a spider or a strainer and drain. Add the pasta to the water and undercook by about 2 minutes, drain.nMeanwhile, combine the sour cream in a large bowl along with the mustard, chives, garlic, hot sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the pasta and cauliflower and 23 of the cheese. Stir to combine, then transfer it to a casserole or baking dish and cover with the remaining cheese. Cool and chill for a makeahead meal.nTo heat and eat, put the casserole on baking sheet and bake it in the middle of a preheated 375 degree F oven until deeply golden and bubbly, about 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [Salt, 1 small head or bundle broccoli, trimmed into florets, 1 small head cauliflower or half a large head, trimmed and cut into florets, 1 pound wholewheat macaroni or penne or other short cut pasta, 2 cups sour cream or reducedfat sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 13 cup finely chopped chives, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and grated or crushed into paste, A few drops hot sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups grated extrasharp Cheddar], title: Broccoli and Cauliflower Gratin Mac n Cheese, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 3568: {instructions: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Melt the butter in a small skillet or saucepan over medium heat. Cook, swirling the pan, until brown flecks appear and the butter smells nutty, about 7 minutes. Pour into a heatproof bowl. Freeze, stirring occasionally, until the butter is spreadable, 35 to 40 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the flour, baking powder, cardamom and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the browned butter and 12 cup sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until the dough comes together.nRoll the dough into 1inch balls, then roll in the remaining 14 cup sugar. Arrange about 1 12 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Use the handle of a wooden spoon to indent the centers, pinching together any large cracks a few small cracks are fine. Refrigerate until firm, 20 to 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Fill each indentation with 12 to 1 teaspoon jam. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are set and lightly browned on the bottom, 2025 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup superfine sugar, 1 large egg, 13 to 23 cup jam], title: Brown Butter Thumbprints, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 3569: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large saucepan of water to a boil over high heat and prepare a large bowl of ice water. Gently lower the eggs into the boiling water with a slotted spoon and cook for 10 minutes. Drain the eggs with the slotted spoon and transfer to the ice water to cool completely, about 5 minutes.nPeel the eggs, halve each lengthwise and remove the yolks from the whites. Place the yolks in a food processor and set the whites aside on a plate. Add the avocado, lime juice, sour cream, chopped cilantro and 1 teaspoon kosher salt to the yolks and process until the mixture is smooth and light.nSpoon or pipe the yolk mixture into the cavities of the whites then sprinkle each egg lightly with cayenne and some flaky sea salt. Top with a cilantro leaf and serve the eggs immediately or cover and refrigerate up to 6 hours., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 12 ripe avocado, pitted, peeled and mashed about 12 cup, Juice of 1 lime about 5 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro, plus 24 small leaves, for serving, Kosher salt, Cayenne pepper, for serving, Flaky sea salt, for serving], title: Avocado Deviled Eggs, picturelink: CaArr7Rh7ZhAuFP0neC1pQr2W0jbMbq}, 3570: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernCombine the buttermilk, chicken base, minced garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon pepper and 1 tablespoon salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours or preferably overnight.nCombine the flour with the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, pepper and salt in a large bowl. Toss the chicken in the seasoned flour, making sure each piece is completely coated. Shake off excess flour and place the chicken pieces on a baking rack until ready to fry so they dont get soggy.nFill a heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven with enough vegetable shortening to completely submerge the chicken and heat it until a deepfry thermometer registers 300 degrees F. Deepfry the chicken in batches, turning occasionally to prevent burning, until an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the chicken, 15 to 20 minutes. Be sure to not crowd the pan or the chicken will not cook properly. Cool on a rack or plate layered with paper towels. Spoon the Garlic Topping over the fried chicken, if using.nMelt the butter in a skillet over low to medium heat and saute the garlic and parsley until the garlic is softened, 7 to 10 minutes. Yield: 1 cup., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon granulated chicken base, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 whole chickens, cleaned and quartered, 5 cups allpurpose flour, Vegetable shortening or canola oil, for frying, Garlic Topping, recipe follows, optional, 2 sticks 1 cup salted sweet cream butter, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 12 bunch fresh parsley, chopped small], title: Garlic Fried Chicken, picturelink: .jtq1DqYVuoZHwN.mEdccGrrho.M0e}, 3571: {instructions: Heat a wok over high heat and add the oil. When the oil starts to smoke, add the garlic, ginger and chiles, and stirfry for a few seconds. Then, add the fermented black beans and stir quickly. Add the beef slices and stirfry for 1 minute, keeping the ingredients moving in the wok. As the meat starts to brown, add the rice wine. Add the green peppers and stirfry for 1 minute, and then add the stock and bring to a boil. Season the stirfry with the soy sauces. Combine the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons cold water, add to the wok and stir to thicken. Add the ho fun noodles, breaking them up with a spoon and stirring everything together. Garnish with the sliced scallions and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1inch piece fresh ginger peeled and grated, 1 medium red Fresno chile, seeded and sliced, 1 Thai birds eye chile, sliced, 2 tablespoons fermented salted black beans, rinsed and crushed, 1 pound beef tenderloin, trimmed and sliced into 12inch strips, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 pound fresh or dried ho fun wide rice noodles, see Cooks Notes, 1 scallion, sliced, for garnish], title: Beef and Black Bean Ho Fun, picturelink: null}, 3572: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Over medium heat, melt the butter in a saute pan. Add the bananas, and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of white sugar. Stir well to blend the sugar and butter. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. The bananas should be lightly caramelized. Mash the bananas with the back of a wooden spoon. Add the lemon juice to the mixture, raise the heat to high, add the brandy, and boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat, divide among 6 wide, shallow creme brulee dishes, and let cool. Place the heavy cream in a saucepan. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise, and scrape the seeds into the cream with the tip of a knife. Add the scrapedout vanilla bean, and bring the cream just to a boil, then remove from heat. Reserve. Place the egg yolks and 5 tablespoons of white sugar in the top of a double boiler. Whisk them together, then stir over simmering water until the mixture becomes fairly thick about 15 minutes. Strain the reserved cream into eggs, and stir the mixture over simmering water for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and ladle over the cooled banana puree in the 6 dishes. Place the dishes in a roasting pan, and fill the pan with enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the dishes. Bake in the oven for 40 minutes. Remove the dishes from the pan, and chill them for at least 3 hours.nWhen you are ready to serve, sprinkle 2 teaspoons of light brown sugar over each dish, distributing evenly. Place the dishes on a bed of cracked ice in a roasting pan, and position the pan under a broiler until the sugar caramelizes. Watch carefully, and move the dishes around so the sugar browns evenly but doesnt char. Remove and serve while the crust is still hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 bananas, peeled and coarsely chopped, 6 tablespoons granulated white sugar, juice of 14 lemon, 3 tablespoons Spanish Brandy, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, 8 egg yolks, 12 teaspoons light brown sugar], title: Banana Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 3573: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Cut away fat from ham, leaving about 14inch fat all around. Remove any tough skin. Score fat in a diamond pattern with a sharp knife, being careful not o cut into the meat of the ham. Place ham, fattier side up, in a roasting pan and roast on a middle rack of the oven. A good roasting guideline is about 15 minutes per pound with the final internal temperature at about 140 degrees.nWhile the ham is roasting, mix together all the ingredients for the glaze. About halfway through the roasting time, increase the temperature to 350 degrees and begin brushing the ham with the glaze, repeating about every 15 minutes. If the sugar starts to burn the bottom of the pan, keep adding stock or water.nWhen the ham is finished, remove to a cutting board and let rest for 15 minutes before carving. If youd like, deglaze the pan with a little white wine and add the remaining stock of water. Reduce to make a sauce. Alternatively, just serve the ham with a nice selection of mustards and chutneys., ingredients: [1 readytoeat ham, bone in, no water added about 7 or 8 pounds for a half a ham, 2 to 3 cups water or chicken stock, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup orange marmalade, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 cup cornmeal helps glaze stick to ham], title: Baked Ham, picturelink: null}, 3574: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add half of the onion and cook for 3 minutes until softened. Add the red pepper flakes and chili powder and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the chicken and cook until it is heated through.nFor the salsa, in a bowl mix together the cucumber, tomatoes, the remaining onion, cilantro, and salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the outer leaves of the cabbage to use as the shells for the taco. Shred the inner portion of the cabbage and set aside. Add some of the shredded cabbage to the cabbage leaves. Top with some of the chicken mixture, salsa and 2 teaspoons of sour cream. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nAdd canola oil to a heavy bottomed pot with a tight fitting lid and put it over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken thighs, skin side up, fitting them in tightly. Add the thyme and rosemary sprigs, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and pour in 12 cup water. When it comes to a boil, lower the heat, cover and simmer for 1 hour. Remove the chicken from the pot and let it cool. When it is cool, shred the meat, discarding the skin and bones.nIn a large bowl combine the sugar, vinegar, red pepper flakes and mix together. Shred half of the cabbage and add it to the bowl, then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve the remaining cabbage half for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa. Toss to coat all of the cabbage, then cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, barbecue sauce, mustard, and hot sauce. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the shredded chicken and toss to coat.nDivide the shredded chicken evenly among each roll bottom. Top with some of the cabbage, cover with the roll top, and insert a toothpick to hold it all together. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nPeel the length of each cucumber to form alternating stripes of unpeeled and peeled. Cut the cucumbers into 12 34inch pieces. Scoop out the center using a teaspoon or a melon baller, leaving the bottom and sides intact to form a cup. Turn them upside down onto a towel and let them drain while you make the filling.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the shrimp and cook until bright pink, about 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and rinse in cold water. Remove the shells and discard. Reserve 12 shrimp for the Round 2 Recipe Shrimp and Potato Salad with Sour Cream and Bacon Dressing.nChop the shrimp into small pieces and put them into a bowl. Add the horseradish, lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste, half the can of tomatoes reserve the remaining half for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa and 1 tablespoon of parsley. Evenly divide the shrimp mixture between the cucumber cups. Arrange them on a serving platter and garnish with remaining parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, divided, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Reserved shredded thigh chicken from Chicken Sliders with Spicy BBQ Mayo, recipe follows, Reserved cucumber from Shrimp Stuffed Cucumber Cups, chopped, recipe follows, Reserved tomatoes from Shrimp Stuffed Cucumber Cups, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Reserved cabbage from Chicken Sliders with Spicy BBQ Mayo, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 pounds bonein, skinon chicken thighs, about 8, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 head green cabbage, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 dozen small dinner rolls, sliced, 2 standard cucumbers, 34 pound medium shrimp, thawed, deveined and shells on, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can chopped tomatoes, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, divided], title: Round 2 Recipe  Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa, picturelink: null}, 3575: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Add the rosemary and remove the pan from the heat. Let steep for 30 minutes before straining.nIn a cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine the lemon juice, Scotch, bitters and 1 ounce of the simple syrup. Shake for 10 seconds then strain into two rocks glasses over ice. Serve garnished with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 large sprigs rosemary, 4 ounces fresh lemon juice, 3 ounces Scotch whisky preferably a peaty brand, 3 to 6 dashes bitters, 2 lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Peated Lemons Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 3576: {instructions: Mix salt, brown sugar, vegetable stock, apple cider vinegar, pickling spice, onion, carrot, peppercorns and bay leaves in a stockpot and bring to a boil until sugar and salt is well dissolved. Remove from heat and cool. In large pot or ice chest, add stockpot mixture to ice and cold water. Submerge turkey. Brine for 4 to 6 hours.nRemove turkey from brine and dry well. Combine Worcestershire sauce and kitchen bouquet browning sauce together and brush on skin of turkey. Rub salt, pepper and paprika onto turkey skin. Stuff inside of turkey with orange quarters and tie legs together.nSmoke turkey in smoker set to 250 degrees for about 7 hours. Checking internal temperature to be 170 degrees. Remove and let rest for 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 gallons vegetable stock, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons pickling spice, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, chopped into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 4 bay leaves, 1 10 pound bag of ice, 2 gallons cold water, 16 to 18 pound turkey, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 tablespoon kitchen bouquet browning sauce, 2 tablespoons salt, Ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons paprika, 6 large oranges, quartered], title: Brined Smoked Turkey, picturelink: null}, 3577: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon clarified butter in small frying pan over mediumlow heat. Add sliced onion and brown. Place green pepper and mushrooms on top of onion slices. Season generously with salt and white pepper. Continue cooking very slowly.nHeat 18 cup clarified butter in a large frying pan on high heat. Add pieces of beef and toss in butter. Season with salt and black pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, then remove meat pieces from sauce and place on a plate. Deglaze pan with diced onion, chili and port on high heat for a couple minutes. Add pimento and continue to cook liquid down. Stir in tomatoes. Add beef to sauce and stir to coat well. Remove beef to serving platter.nScoop out avocado flesh in balls. Pour lime juice over avocado to prevent discoloration. Add to vegetables in small frying pan season with white pepper. Combine all this well with reserved meat.nWhisk butter into sauce and pour over meat and vegetables to serve., ingredients: [Clarified butter, 1 medium onion, finely sliced, 1 green bell pepper, cut in 14inch strips, 6 ounces button mushrooms, stems removed, finely sliced, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin tips, trimmed and cut into 12inch slices, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 serrano chili, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup port, 1 7ounce can pimento, diced, 2 medium tomatoes, blanched, peeled, seeded and cubed, 1 avocado, 12 lime, juiced, 1ounce salted butter], title: Puntas de Filete Sonorense, picturelink: null}, 3578: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the water and salt to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the squash and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Strain and set aside.nFor the dip: In a food processor, blend the bell pepper, avocado, ground cumin, yogurt, and mayonnaise until smooth, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer to a serving bowl and let stand for 10 minutes to thicken.nServe the dip with warm or roomtemperature chayote squash., ingredients: [5 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound about 4 chayote squash, seeded and cut lengthwise into 8 wedges, 1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped to yield 1 cup, 12 avocado, pitted, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 34 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 14 cup lowfat mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mexican Squash with Yogurt Dip, picturelink: 6nIOVDgx4Wcb8xXLA1MGfzVZVbHhTY6}, 3579: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the butter to a saute pan over medium heat, add the cabbage and caraway seeds and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes.nRoll out the pie crust on a floured surface and press into a deep fluted tart pan with a removable bottom or a deepdish pie pan. Lay the cabbage in the crust, followed by the corned beef.nWhip the halfandhalf, mustard, eggs and some salt and pepper in a large bowl, then pour it into the crust.nPlace the pan on a rimmed baking sheet, cover lightly with aluminum foil and bake for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until the quiche is set and the crust is golden brown, another 10 to 15 minutes. The quiche will still seem slightly loose, but will continue to set once removed from the oven. Let the quiche sit for 10 to 15 minutes, then, if using a tart pan, remove the quiche from the pan. Cut into slices with a sharp serrated knife and serve.nPut the flour in a large bowl. With a pastry cutter, gradually work the shortening and butter into the flour until it resembles coarse meal, 3 or 4 minutes. In a small bowl, beat the egg with a fork and pour it into the flour mixture. Add the cold water, white vinegar and salt. Stir gently to combine.nForm the dough into 2 evenly sized balls and place each ball into a gallon food storage bag. Using a rolling pin, slightly flatten each ball of dough to about 12 inch thick to make rolling easier later. Seal the bags and place them in the freezer until you need them. If you will be using them immediately, its still a good idea to put them in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to chill. When you are ready to use the dough to make a crust, remove from the freezer and allow to thaw for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salted butter, 2 cups finely sliced green cabbage, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 pie crust, homemade or storebought, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, 8 ounces corned beef, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 8 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup vegetable shortening, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, 1 large egg, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage Quiche, picturelink: YxHyh8eKQYln2WFd6rFjpnoxRtoW9cy}, 3580: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the mushrooms for 10 minutes after seasoned with salt, pepper and a dab of butter, reserve. Cook the bacon with sliced shallots until the bacon is crispy, reserve. Spread the potatoes in the bottom of a casserole dish. Add salt, pepper, and thyme. Add the cubed tuna. Add the bacon and shallots and blanched green beans. Add the mushrooms. Sprinkle parsley and bread crumbs over dish. Mix heavy cream and egg yolks until well blended and add. Top with crushed potato chips. Bake for 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 large portobellos, Salt and pepper, Dab of butter, 1 cup bacon, and Sauteed crispy and diced, 12 cup sliced shallots, 1 cup thinly sliced red bliss potatoes, Fresh thyme, 1 12 pounds cubed yellowfin tuna, 1 cup sliced and blanched green beans, 12 cup parsley, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup crushed potato chips], title: Updated Tuna Casserole II, picturelink: null}, 3581: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the yeast and 34 cup of the flour, then whisk in the warm water until smooth. Let stand uncovered for 10 to 20 minutes, or until it begins to ferment and puff up slightly.nWhisk the 2 eggs, oil, salt, and sugar into the puffed yeast slurry until the eggs are well incorporated and the salt and sugar have dissolved. With your hands or a wooden spoon, stir in the remaining 3 cups flour all at once. When the mixture is a shaggy ball, scrape it out onto your work surface and knead it until smooth and soft, no more than 10 minutes. Soak your mixing bowl in hot water now to clean it and warm it if you would like to use if for fermenting the dough.nPlace the dough in the warm cleaned bowl and cover it with plastic wrap. Let the dough ferment until it has at least doubled in bulk, about 2 hours, depending on the temperature in your kitchen.nLine a round pizza pan or a large baking sheet with foil and oil it generously, or line it with parchment, which needs no oil.nWhen the dough has doubled in bulk, it is ready to shape do not punch it down. Cut the dough into 2 pieces. Roll each piece into a 30inch strand, then, using a rolling pin, roll each strand into a 30 by 4inch rectangle. Spoon a heaping line of half the filling down the center of the dough. Pull the long edges up over the filling and pinch them together. Arrange the strands side by side, with the seams down. Beginning in the middle, cross 1 strand over the other, being careful to keep the seams facing down, and continue to cross the strands until you reach their ends. Pinch the ends together. Bring the ends around to form a ring and pinch the ends together.nCarefully pick up the ring, place it seam side down on the prepared pan or sheet, and cover it well with plastic wrap. Let the ring rise until very soft and tripled in size, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, 30 minutes before baking, arrange an oven rack in the lower position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat the egg with a pinch of salt for glazing the ring.nWhen the ring has tripled in size and the dough does not push back when gently pressed with your finger but remains indented, brush it with the egg glaze. Sprinkle it with poppy seeds or sesame seeds, if desired. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until very well browned. After 30 minutes of baking, turn the pan around so that the ring browns evenly. When the ring is done, remove it from the oven and let it cool on a rack.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Set aside until the bread is ready to be filled., ingredients: [1 envelope instant yeast, 3 34 cups bread flour, 34 cup warm water about 110 degrees F, 2 large eggs, plus 1 for glazing, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons table salt, 14 cup sugar, Onion Filling, recipe follows, Poppy seeds or sesame seeds, for sprinkling, 1 12 cups minced yellow onion, 12 cup poppy seeds, 12 teaspoon table salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Onion and Poppy Seed Purim Ring, picturelink: null}, 3582: {instructions: Line a large platter with paper towels. Heat 13 cup olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the eggplant, season generously with salt and pepper, and let that cook down for 10 to 12 minutes, until the eggplant is nice and soft and wilted. Move the eggplant out of the pan and onto the platter to drain. Next stop, zucchini: cook it the same way in 14 cup oil, then add it to the platter with the eggplant.nAdd another 14 cup olive oil to the pan, then the anchovies, onions, garlic and herbs. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes, until the onions get nice and caramelized. Add the tomatoes and cook that down for 10 to 12 minutes, until pulpy. Return the eggplant and zucchini to the pan, crack open the chile, and add that, too. Season with salt and pepper and let the ratatouille cook slowly for about 20 minutes, until the mixture is soft, mushy and juicy you want all the flavors to come together. Stir in the vinegar and let cool to room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup plus 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound smallish Italian eggplant, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound zucchini, cut crosswise into 1inch sections, 3 anchovy fillets, finely minced, 2 onions, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Leaves from 12 bunch fresh basil, coarsely chopped, Leaves from 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 1 dried chile, Splash balsamic vinegar], title: The Ultimate Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 3583: {instructions: For the jam:nIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, figs, and brandy or apple juice over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved.nRemove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Pour into a food processor and add the hazelnuts. Blend until smooth and thick.nCooks Note: To toast the hazelnuts: preheat a 350 degree F oven. Arrange the nuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 dried black mission figs, 3 tablespoons brandy or apple juice, 12 cup hazelnuts, toasted  see Cooks Note], title: Fig Jam, picturelink: null}, 3584: {instructions: SPREAD mayo onto cut sides of baguette.nFILL with remaining ingredients.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a mixed green salad and cold glass of fatfree milk to round out the meal.nSubstitute: Substitute 2 slices toasted whole grain bread for the baguette., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. KRAFT Mayo with Olive Oil Reduced Fat Mayonnaise, 1 baguette 3 inch piece, partially split, 6 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Oven Roasted Turkey Breast, 14 cup baby spinach leaves, 1 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process 3 Cheese Garlic  Herb Cheese Slice], title: Herbed Cheese and Turkey Baguette, picturelink: null}, 3585: {instructions: Heat a large pot over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil and onions, stirring often until softened. Add the beef and brown, pouring off the excess fat if desired. Stir in 1 cup water, the chili powder, cumin and salt. Add another cup water and mix thoroughly. Cook on mediumhigh for 30 minutes, then add the saffron.nSimmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and the sauce is reduced and thickened, 1 12 to 2 hours. Cover and let cool to room temperature and then blend thoroughly in a food processor. Top the hot dogs with the chili and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 yellow onion, chopped, 4 pounds ground grassfed beef, 8 teaspoons chili powder, 4 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Pinch saffron, 20 cooked hot dogs in buns], title: Wild Bills Hot Dog Chili, picturelink: null}, 3586: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Open jar of capers and drain. Open bottle of peppers, drain and cut into large strips. Transfer to shallow plate. Add some drained capers and olives to dish containing red papers. Drizzle vinaigrette over peppers., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 jar capers, 1 16 ounces bottle whole roasted bell peppers, 1 bottle olives, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Roasted Peppers with Capers and Olives with a Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 3587: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 individual trifle cupsnWhisk together the yogurt, honey, vanilla extract and vanilla seeds in a bowl until combined. Beat the heavy cream in another bowl just until fluffy, and fold into the yogurt mixture.nLayer 6 individual trifle cups with the yogurt cream, sliced bananas and granola, and top with a sprinkle of cinnamon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups 2percent Greek yogurt, 1 to 2 tablespoons clover honey or pure cane sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 14 cup cold heavy cream, 2 large ripe bananas, thinly sliced, 3 cups almond granola, Ground cinnamon, for sprinkling], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 3588: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a saucepan. Add garlic and saute over low heat until garlic turns golden. Add sage and saute a few seconds, then add pureed beans and broth. Bring to a simmer and add turkey simmer a few minutes to heat turkey through. Add lemon juice, off heat and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, cut into wafer thin slices, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 19ounce can cannelini beans pureed with 4 cups chicken broth, 2 cups cubed cooked turkey, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian White Bean Turkey Soup with Sage, picturelink: null}, 3589: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Remove half of the dough and wrap in plastic wrap. Add the cinnamon extract, cocoa powder and food coloring to the remaining dough and beat until incorporated wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate both pieces of dough until firm, about 1 hour.nDust the dough with flour and roll out each piece on parchment paper into a 10by11inch rectangle. Flip the red dough on top of the plain dough remove the top piece of parchment and trim the edges. Sprinkle the ground cinnamon and sanding sugar on top. Starting from a short end, tightly roll up the dough, using the parchment to help roll the log in sanding sugar. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Slice the log crosswise 14 inch thick arrange the slices about 1 12 inches apart on the baking sheets. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until slightly puffed and lightly golden on the bottom, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon cinnamon extract optional, 1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon red food coloring, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon sanding sugar clear or red, plus more for coating], title: Cinnamon Pinwheels, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 3590: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, heat the extravirgin olive oil and the butter and sweat the shallots a few minutes. Add the spinach and stir in the cream, season with salt, freshly ground black pepper and a little grated nutmeg. Cook the spinach, stirring occasionally, until the cream has thickened, 5 minutes. Adjust seasoning to your taste.nFold each slice of ham or prosciutto in half and line the nonstick cups with 1 slice of meat each. Spoon a heaping tablespoon of the cooked spinach into each of the cups, then crack an egg into each, making sure it stays whole hint  if youre worried about breaking the egg yolk, crack the egg into a small bowl first, then pour it into the muffin cup. Season the tops of the eggs with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bake in the oven until set, about 15 minutes. Allow the baked eggs to cool in the muffin cups for a couple of minutes before removing them from the pan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted in microwave and liquids drained, 13 to 12 cup heavy cream, eyeball it, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 8 slices deli ham or prosciutto di Parma, 8 eggs], title: Green Eggs and Ham, picturelink: 8JwWkcpLcQRCVe7LRgyPkScE7TteWI6}, 3591: {instructions: In a medium pot, over mediumhigh heat, add condensed chicken and rice soup, chicken broth and lemon juice. Bring to simmer.nIn a small bowl, lightly whisk egg yolks. Slowly stir in 14 cup of the hot broth into the egg yolks to prevent curdling. Gradually pour the egg yolk mixture into the soup, stirring constantly. Stir in shredded chicken and heat through. Ladle into bowls and garnish with a pinch of fresh parsley., ingredients: [3 10.75ounce cans condensed chicken and rice soup recommended: Campbells, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth recommended: Swansons, 13 cup lemon juice, 3 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 cooked, storebought roasted chicken breast, shredded, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Lemon Chicken Soup, picturelink: bvvdDpbq2PT2lzYaM4gLsadxoO2Vx1u}, 3592: {instructions: Put the olive oil and rosemary leaves into a large, heavy bottomed saucepan and place over high heat. When the rosemary begins to sizzle, about 1 minute, add the couscous. Stir to coat well and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the chicken stock, salt and pepper, lower the heat and let simmer until all of the stock has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, fluff with a fork and transfer to a chafer. Garnish with fresh sprigs of rosemary around the sides of the dish., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 6 rosemary sprigs leaves stripped, plus sprigs for garnish, 4 cups Israeli couscous, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper], title: Rosemary Couscous, picturelink: null}, 3593: {instructions: Whisk together the beer and flour, season with salt. Hold refrigerated.nTake 8 baby zucchini and blanch in salted water until tender. Puree in blender until smooth.nPlace the fennel and remaining zucchini and squash in a small pan and cover with vegetable stock. Add 2 tablespoons of butter and braise over low heat until tender. Season with salt.nPlace all ingredients for pea pesto except the olive oil into a blender and process until smooth. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in the extravirgin olive oil.nPlace the salt block directly on the stove top and heat until hot about 5 minutes. Toss the tuna in olive oil and season with salt, fennel pollen and pepper. Place in a cryovac bag and cook, sous videstyle, at 130 degrees F for 10 minutes. Remove from the bag quickly sear the tuna on the salt block on all 4 sides.nDip the blossoms in the beer batter and fry at 350 degrees F until golden brown. Smear the pesto across the plate and arrange the vegetables in the pesto. Slice the tuna thinly and place around the vegetables. Serve alongside fennel, courgettes, pesto and garnishes., ingredients: [1 beer, 2 cups selfrising flour, Salt, 20 baby zucchini, 4 fennel bulbs, 12 baby squash, 1 quart vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 squash blossoms, 12 cup fresh English peas, 1 teaspoon almond oil, 1 Meyer lemon, finely chopped, 12 tablespoon Parmesan, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 extravirgin olive oil, 2 Himalayan salt blocks, 1 12 pounds fresh bigeye tuna, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 2 teaspoons fennel pollen, Ground black pepper, Fennel fonds, Red ribbon sorrel, Nasturtium leaves], title: Salt Seared Tuna with Fennel, Courgettes and English Pea Pesto, picturelink: null}, 3594: {instructions: Heat the broiler to high.nChar the poblanos under the broiler to blacken their skins on all sides, 7 to 8 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let stand 10 minutes.nPeel and seed the peppers, then slice. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and add a tortilla, cover the tortilla with 12 cup cheese and 14 of the peppers. Fold the tortilla in half and cook 2 minutes to crisp and char the tortilla evenly and melt cheese. Remove and cut into wedges repeat., ingredients: [2 large poblanos, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 large flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese], title: Roasted Poblano Quesadillas, picturelink: 1JejA7TAVBPZyTBNJqYsbRpPNygxbFO}, 3595: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut barely a sliver off the bottom of each onion so theyll sit without rolling over. Pierce them in a few places with a sharp knife so they wont burst during cooking. Make 4 mounds of coarse salt in a baking dish, and nest an onion in each. Bake the onions 15 minutes. Lower the heat to 325 degrees F and continue baking until the insides are almost applesauce soft, about 1 12 hours, depending on the size of the onions.nTo make the dressing: Whisk together the yolk, garlic, and vinegar, and season with salt, and black pepper. Beat in the oil, drop by drop, to make a thick dressing. Taste, and add lemon juice, if needed. Check the salt and pepper. Stir through the herbs. Cover the vinaigrette, and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve, set the onions on serving plates leaving the salt mounds behind. Slit the onions open with a sharp knife, and spoon some vinaigrette into each until it starts bubbling up and out onto the plate. Serve the onions immediately., ingredients: [4 mediumsweet organic onions, unpeeled, 4 handfuls coarse salt, 1 egg yolk, 12 clove garlic, finely minced, 1 teaspoon tarragon vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grapeseed oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Handful chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Handful chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Baked Onions with Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 3596: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9inchsquare baking pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and 1 cup of the sugar for 3 to 5 minutes on mediumhigh speed, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, then the sour cream and vanilla, and mix until the batter is smooth. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the batter and mix just until combined. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 12 cup sugar and the cinnamon.nSpread half of the batter evenly in the pan. Top with half of the peaches, then sprinkle with twothirds of the sugar mixture. Spread the remaining batter on top, arrange the remaining peaches on top and sprinkle with the remaining sugar mixture and the pecans.nBake the cake for 45 to 55 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 large ripe peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Fresh Peach Cake, picturelink: zz2nXTdLaZ6ov1vA.syajWI1kmsxTk.}, 3597: {instructions: For the marinade: Slice the garlic cloves paper thin and put in a bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, apple cider vinegar, raspberry balsamic vinegar, sea salt, black pepper, red chile flakes and 2 tablespoons water and whisk together. Set aside.nFor the stuffed chiles: Roast and blacken the chiles over an open flame until the skins blister. Immediately place the chiles in a plastic bag to sweat for 5 minutes.nRemove the skins by scraping them off with the blunt edge of a paring knife. Make an incision from the head and stem of each chile towards the tail, large enough to prepare for stuffing. Try to remove as many seeds as possible by delicately removing the seed pod from each head. Place the chiles in a baking dish and pour the marinade over them. Let sit, refrigerated, while you cut and prepare the mangos and Brie for stuffing.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel the mangos and cut into fingerlengthsized spears. Remove the outer rind from the Brie and cut into fingerlengthsized strips.nBegin to lay alternate layers of sliced mango and Brie inside of the chiles until full, trying to slide the layers towards the chile tails so that the chiles are plump and full, always finishing the last layer with mango for color. Transfer the chiles to a flat baking dish or plate and delicately spoon the marinade over them. Bake until the cheese melts, about 10 minutes.nGarnish with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [Marinade:, 4 cloves garlic, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons raspberry balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon crushed red chile flakes, Stuffed Chiles:, 6 fresh mediumhot New Mexico, Hatch or Anaheim chiles, 2 ripe mangos, 2 pounds Brie cheese, 8 sprigs fresh Italian parsley, leaves chopped, for garnish], title: FireRoasted New Mexico Chiles OvenBaked with Peruvian Mango and Country House Brie, picturelink: null}, 3598: {instructions: For the Concord grape syrup: Combine the grape juice, rosemary and ginger in a 2quart saucepan. Reduce the mixture for 1 hour over mediumlow heat. When the mixture has reduced by half, add the balsamic and continue cooking until the mixture has reduced by half again, about 10 minutes. Cool for 30 minutes. Strain and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to a week.nFor the cocktails: Add 1 ounce of the grape syrup to each champagne flute. Top with 4 ounces champagne and 2 to 3 dashes of bitters. Top each glass with a skewered grape half and orange rind piece., ingredients: [4 cups 100percent Concord grape juice, One 8inch sprig fresh rosemary, 1 12inch square cube crystallized ginger, 1 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar, One 750 ml bottle rose champagne, chilled, Orange bitters, Concord grapes, halved, for serving, Orange rinds, for serving], title: Concord Grape Royal, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 3599: {instructions: Bring cream to a boil. Remove from heat and add chocolate allow to stand several minutes, add butter, corn syrup, liquor and whisk smooth. Cool about 2 to 3 hours at room temperature to about 80 degrees F. Beat with paddle on medium speed in electric mixer until light. Pipe out small truffles on paper with a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tube. Refrigerate to set for at least 1 hour.nMelt and cool or temper the chocolate. Sift the cocoa into a deep pan. Coat truffles, using your hand to cover truffles with tempered chocolate. Deposit the truffles in the cocoa as they are enrobed and shake the pan to cover them. Remove the truffles to another pan as they are coated. After the covering sets, shake the truffles in a strainer to remove the excess cocoa., ingredients: [12 cup cream, 9 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons Cognac, rum, or other liquor or liqueur, 34 pound semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, 3 cups cocoa powder], title: AllPurpose Truffles, picturelink: null}}