{36900: {instructions: Peel, halve, and core the apples, brushing them with the lemon juice as they are cored. In a 10 14inch round copper gratin pan, 1 12 inches deep, arrange the butter pieces on the bottom and sprinkle them with the sugar. Arrange the apples, round side down, in 2 concentric circles, overlapping them slightly, in the pan. Cook the apple mixture over moderately low heat for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sugar is a golden brown caramel, transfer it to the middle of a preheated 400 degree oven, and bake it for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the apples are just tender. Let the apple mixture cool for 5 minutes.nArrange the dough over the apple mixture and let it soften just until the edges can be tucked down between the apples and the side of the pan. Prick the dough and bake the tart in the middle of the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the pastry is golden. Invert a heatproof serving plate over the pan and invert the Tarte Tatin carefully onto it. Serve warm with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 sheet 12 pound frozen puff pastry, thawed, 3 pounds Golden Delicious apples, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, cut into thin pieces, 12 cup sugar, Whipped cream as accompaniment], title: Tarte des Demoiselles Tatin UpsideDown Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 36901: {instructions: Insert a licorice stick or bamboo skewer into the stem end of each apple and pear. Reserve. In a medium heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, lemon juice, lemon peel and vanilla extract. Cook, stirring, until the sugar melts. Increase the heat to high and cook until the mixture is golden amber in color. Do not stir the mixture once you have stirred the mixture. Remove the caramel from the heat. One at a time, dip the apples and pears in the caramel, twirling and swirling them to coat completely. Transfer the coated fruit to a wire rack and let the caramel harden, about 10 to 15 minutes. Continue dipping the apples and pears until all have been coated with the caramel. Store the caramel apples in pears in a cool, dry place not the refrigerator, wrapped in cellophane if desired, until ready to serve up to 2 days., ingredients: [12 natural licorice sticks or bamboo skewers, each 6 inches long, 6 Lady apples, stems removed, 6 Seckel pears, stems removed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 piece lemon peel, about 2 inches long and 1inch wide, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Caramel Lady Apples and Seckel Pears, picturelink: null}, 36902: {instructions: Place potatoes in a small saucepan covered with cold water and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, and cook for 1 12 minutes. Remove from heat and drain.nHeat heavy cream in a medium saucepan with garlic over mediumlow heat until reduced to 2 cups, about 30 minutes. Add drained potatoes, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.nRemove garlic and divide cooked potatoes between 2 6inch round gratin dishes or 1 large gratin dish. Sprinkle with cheese, and place under broiler until golden., ingredients: [2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch cubes, unwashed, Coarse salt, 4 cups heavy cream, 12 head garlic, sliced horizontally, Freshly ground white pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 to 2 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Gratin Dauphinois, picturelink: null}, 36903: {instructions: Let the turkey sit at room temperature, 30 minutes. Position an oven rack in the lowest position remove the other racks preheat to 350 degrees F.nRemove the neck and giblets from the turkey and set aside for the gravy. Pat the turkey very dry with paper towels and rub inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the onion, carrot, celery, and sage and thyme sprigs. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Put the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan and tuck the wings under the body.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat whisk in the paprika and chopped sage and thyme. Let the paprika butter cool slightly, then brush all over the turkey. Transfer to the oven and roast 1 hour. Meanwhile, make Classic Gravy.nAfter the turkey has roasted 1 hour, baste with the drippings. Continue roasting, basting every 30 minutes, until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 2 more hours.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving reserve the drippings for the gravy.nPrepare the stock: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the turkey neck and giblets cook, turning, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, carrot, celery, thyme and bay leaves stir to coat. Add the wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Cook until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth, reduce the heat to low and simmer about 1 hour. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a large measuring cup reserve the saucepan. You should have 7 cups stockif youre short, add more broth.nMelt the remaining 8 tablespoons butter in the reserved saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth and bubbling, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the 7 cups stock bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Set aside until the turkey is done.nPour the turkey pan drippings into a fat separator and let stand until the fat rises to the top. Discard the fat or drizzle on your stuffing. Whisk the defatted drippings into the gravy season with salt and pepper. Reheat before serving., ingredients: [1 12 to 14pound turkey thawed if frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, cut into chunks, 1 stalk celery, cut into chunks, 3 sprigs sage, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 3 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons paprika, Classic Gravy, recipe follows, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, Turkey neck and giblets liver discarded, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 3 sprigs thyme, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 8 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, plus more as needed, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Turkey pan drippings, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Classic Roast Turkey, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 36904: {instructions: Special equipment: 16 toothpicks or cocktail picksnIn a small bowl, mix together the cheeses and basil. Season with salt and pepper.nGently pull the dates apart and spoon about 12 teaspoon cheese mixture inside. Close the dates around the cheese filling. Wrap a piece of proscuitto around each date and secure with a toothpick.nArrange the stuffed dates on a platter and serve., ingredients: [14 cup 2 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup 2 ounces mascarpone cheese, a room temperature, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 pitted 12 ounces Medjool dates, 8 thin slices prosciutto, halved lengthwise], title: CheeseStuffed Dates with Prosciutto, picturelink: j0pMsj3DJlzArfG8pjET1FM9MXxvR6S}, 36905: {instructions: Trim 1 bunch broccoli rabe and cut into 2inch pieces. Cook in boiling salted water until tender, 2 to 3 minutes drain. Saute 2 sliced garlic cloves in olive oil in a large skillet until golden. Add the broccoli rabe, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1u00bf2 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper toss. Top with shredded asiago.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: LemonGarlic Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: Bpk7x7rJ8TKeliNJFcO762UhOyEh4C}, 36906: {instructions: Pulse 3 cups fresh basil, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts and 1 garlic clove in a food processor. Pulse in 12 cup plain Greek yogurt and 2 tablespoons each grated Parmesan and olive oil until smooth. Cook 12 ounces bucatini reserve 12 cup cooking water. Toss the pasta with the pesto, 1 pound steamed chopped asparagus, 8 ounces sauteed shrimp and the reserved cooking water. Top with toasted breadcrumbs., ingredients: [], title: Pesto Pasta with Shrimp, picturelink: pZAk2PtwgfKEXKGpmLBc5qJb5N0AKyy}, 36907: {instructions: For the pie crust: Combine the flour, sugar, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until coarse, with small marbles of butter remaining. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the ice water, then pulse until crumbly and the dough holds together when squeezed. If too dry, add another sprinkle of water, but do not over mix. Transfer the dough to a plastic bag, press into a disk and refrigerate for one hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRoll out the dough on floured surface, then press it into a deep 9inch pie plate. Trim the edges to leave 1 inch of overhang, fold it under and flute the edges. Cut a piece of parchment or nonstick foil to the size of the pie plate and use it to line the pie crust. Fill with pie weights and bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Remove the pie weights and return the pie dough to the oven to dry out, about 8 minutes.nLower the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the filling: In a double boiler, melt the semisweet chocolate, bittersweet chocolate and butter, stirring frequently until smooth. Remove from the heat.nIn a large bowl, mix together the pumpkin puree, evaporated milk, light brown sugar, eggs, cornstarch, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves and salt. Fold in the melted chocolate mixture. Set the pie plate on a baking sheet and pour the filling into the crust. Bake until the center of the pie has just about set but still has a slight jiggle, about 1 hour. Let cool completely before serving. Top with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, very cold, cut into small pieces, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, ice cold, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, very finely chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, One 14ounce can pumpkin puree, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch ground cloves, Pinch salt, Shaved chocolate, for garnish], title: Chocolate Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: ea5AxIMPGbTNz05gSoYomjBq94xg0Rm}, 36908: {instructions: Special equipment: foamernDumplings:nRemove meat from the lobster, and coarsely chop. Mix in scallions and season with salt and pepper. In a seperate bowl, mix wheat starch, tapioca starch and potato starch. Add boiling water, mix in a stand mixer. Add 1 tablespoon oil. Mix well, pinch small pieces of dough, flatten with cleaver, fill with lobster, fold and press edges to seal. This should make about 12 dumplings 3 per serving. Place in steamer basket and steam for 3 to 4 minutes.nTuna:nSear tuna, slice about 12 sashimi slices, 3 pieces per serving, and season with truffle salt. Set aside.nFoam:nMix all ingredients except caviar in blender, insert into foamer and shake to combine.nPlate:nLay scallions across each plate. Place tuna and steamed dumplings next to each other. Top dumplings with osetra caviar, spray foam into ramekins for dipping. Serve., ingredients: [1 Maine lobster, cooked, 14 cup sliced scallions, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces wheat starch, 1 12 ounces tapioca starch, 1 12 ounces potato starch, 1 pint boiling water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 ounces blue fin tuna, 1 tablespoon truffle salt, 12 cup truffle oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, Garnish: caviar], title: Crystals, Rubies, Pearls, picturelink: null}, 36909: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Simmer the chicken stock in a medium saucepan.nIn a 13inch paella pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook until lightly browned transfer to a papertowellined plate. Add the onions, peppers and garlic to the pan and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and stir to combine, then stir in the rice and saffron. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and cook, stirring, until most of the liquid has evaporated, 2 minutes. Pour in 5 cups of the simmering chicken stock and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring constantly. Immediately remove the pan from the heat and season with salt. Arrange the chorizo and shrimp on top of the rice.nSet the pan on the floor of the oven or on the lowest oven rack and bake, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Do not stir the paella once it goes in the oven. Scatter the peas over the paella, return to the oven and continue cooking until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is tender but not too soft, another 5 to 10 minutes. If the rice needs further cooking, add the remaining cup of stock and cook for an additional 5 to 10 minutes.nLet the paella stand at room temperature, covered with foil, for 5 minutes. Serve garnished with lemon wedges and parsley., ingredients: [6 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 links cured chorizo, sliced into 14inchthick half moons, 1 cup minced Spanish onion, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and cut into strips, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and cut into strips, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 cup diced tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 cups bomba rice, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, Six headon shrimp 2125 count, deveined, or 12 littleneck clams, purged and scrubbed 1 cup shelled peas, blanched, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Minced fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Seafood and Chorizo Paella, picturelink: qW7.p4cVzz4jh9B.My5Ul8GVpc9pKp6}, 36910: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nSeason the veal with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil and butter together in a large, heavy skillet and sear the veal shanks over high heat on all sides until well browned, about 10 minutes. Remove the browned veal shanks from the skillet and place them in an ovenproof casserole. To the same skillet to which you browned the veal add the diced vegetables, along with the garlic and saute them for 3 to 4 minutes.nWhen the vegetables have begun to cook and wilt, add the white wine and deglaze the pan. Add the two zests and juices and allow to reduce for several minutes. Then add the tomatoes and allow to boil before carefully pouring over veal shanks in the casserole.nAdd the hot stock and the herbs to the casserole and braise, covered for 1 hour and 45 minutes. The veal should be fork tender, with the meat just beginning to separate from the bone when you move them from the oven. Do not remove until fork tender. After you have removed the veal from the vegetable sauce, stir in the gremolada and allow to be warmed through by the vegetable sauce. Serve veal shanks with some of the sauce spooned over the top. Cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 veal shanks, center bone, cut into 8 to 10ounce portions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, diced, about 1 cup, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons orange zestthy, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, seeds removed and slightly crushed, 2 cups hot beef and veal stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, Several sprigs fresh parsley, Gremolada, recipe follows], title: Veal Shanks Osso Buco, picturelink: null}, 36911: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nA day before roasting, remove the giblets and neck from the cavity of the bird and discard. Trim the neck flap and excess fat from around the cavity. Rinse and dry the bird well. Set the duck on a rack on a baking sheet, and refrigerate, uncovered, for 24 hours.nPierce the duck skin all over including the back, every 12inch, with a skewer or small knife. Season the cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with strips or orange, lemon and lime zest and the onion. Set the duck on the rack in a roasting pan, and pour a cup of water in the pan. Roast the bird for 3 hours, removing the duck from the oven every hour to prick the skin again. Remove the duck from the oven and carefully, pour off the excess fat from the pan. If desired reserve this fat for frying potatoes or wilting greens. Raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Return the duck to the oven and roast until crisp and brown, about 30 minutes more. During the last 20 minutes of roasting, brush the duck with 1 cup of the orange glaze.nLet the duck rest for 20 minutes before carving. Brush the ducks skin with glaze 4 to 5 times during the resting period. Carve the duck and transfer pieces to warm serving platter. Serve the remaining glaze at the table to drizzle over the duck, if desired.nBrush the surface of the crepe with some sour orange glaze. Place a few slices of duck in the center of the crepe and top with a few sprigs of watercress. Fold over and roll up and serve.nPlace the juice, garlic, fennel and peppercorns in a medium saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat until reduced to 2 cups. Strain the sauce into a bowl and let cool to room temperature. Once cooled, remove 34 cup and place in bowl to serve with the crepes.nIn blender, combine all of the ingredients and pulse for 10 seconds. Place the crepe batter in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Heat a small nonstick pan over high heat. Add butter to coat. Pour 1ounce of batter into the center of the pan and swirl the spread evenly. Cook for 30 seconds and flip. Cook for another 10 seconds and remove to the cutting board. Lay them out flat so they can cool. Continue until all the batter is gone., ingredients: [1 Peking duckling Long Island, about 5 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 orange, zested, 1 lemon, zested, 1 lime, zested, 1 small onion, halved, Sour Orange Glaze, recipe follows, Herb Crepes, recipe follows, Watercress, for garnish, 4 cups fresh orange juice, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon whole fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 cup water, 1 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly grated black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons melted butter, Butter, for coating the pan], title: Sour Orange Glazed Duck with Herb Crepes, picturelink: null}, 36912: {instructions: Cream together the butter, sugar, salt and vanilla seeds in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Dont overmix or your cookies will not stay in shape when they bake. Add the egg and mix just to combine, then add the flour, ginger and cinnamon and mix until it all looks uniform.nSquidge the mixture into a ball and then pat it down into a disc. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill until firm, in the fridge for about 20 minutes or the freezer for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper.nOnce firm, roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to about 14 inch thick, then cut out your cookies using any cutter you like. You may need to reroll the dough a couple of times to cut out all your cookies. If the dough gets too soft, put it back in the freezerfridge to firm up. Put the cutout cookies in the fridge for 10 minutes to firm up before baking, so they dont spread too much in the oven.nBake until the cookies are just turning golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack before decorating with Royal Icing and your favorite sprinkles.nAdd the egg whites to a bowl and whisk until frothy soft peaks form. Add the confectioners sugar gradually, mixing until the royal icing is uniform and nice and shiny. Add the lemon juice and whisk a little more to incorporate., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, Pinch of fine salt, 1 vanilla bean pod, split and seeds scraped, 1 large egg, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Royal Icing, recipe follows, for decorating, Your favorite sprinkles or other edible candy, for decorating, 2 large pasteurized egg whites, 3 34 to 4 cups confectioners sugar use more for stiffer icing, less for thinner, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Sugar Cookies, picturelink: dNFO3xgxvZ1Gl7mKFLNQrAuGTGU.Ue}, 36913: {instructions: In a kettle, bring 3 quarts water to boil with 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil, add the noodles, and cook them until they are just al dente. Drain them in a colander, rinse them under running cold water, and drain them well.nIn a food processor fitted with the metal blade or in a blender, blend all the ingredientsnToss noodles with peanut sauce., ingredients: [12 cup smooth peanut butter, 13 cup chicken stock, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons peeled and minced ginger root, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 2 teaspoons hot pepper oil, 14 milk, 3 quarts water, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 10 ounces thin Chinese egg noodles or spaghettini], title: Noodles with Creamy Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 36914: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPrepare a baking sheet by lining it with parchment paper. Set the uncooked pie dough onto the baking sheet.nIn a bowl, gently mix peaches, sugar, and flour together. Pour fruit mixture into the center of the pastry round, leaving about 2 12 inches around the edge. Fold up the edge of the pastry dough over the filling to make a rim. Fan the edge as you go around folding the dough.nBrush pastry with the beaten egg and place the pat of butter on top of the fruit mixture. Bake for 30 to 45 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown and the fruit is bubbling. Cool the crostata on a rack and serve warm or at room temperature with your favorite ice cream., ingredients: [Prepared pastry dough uncooked, enough for a 9inch pie pan, 4 large peaches, thinly sliced, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 whole egg, beaten, Ice cream, for serving], title: Fresh Peach Crostata, picturelink: null}, 36915: {instructions: Spray a large slowcooker crock with nonstick cooking spray. Place the cabbage in the bottom, then add the onion and toss gently. Add the potatoes, caraway seeds, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle the potatoes with bacon and pour the beer over the potatoes and bacon.nCook until the potatoes are tender, 3 hours on the high setting or 6 to 7 hours on the low setting. Stir gently before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 small cabbage, roughly chopped about 6 cups, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 medium potatoes about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 strips centercut bacon, chopped, 8 ounces Irish lager beer, such as Harp, or reducedsodium chicken stock], title: SlowCooker Cabbage, Potatoes and Bacon, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 36916: {instructions: Cream butter in an upright mixer until fluffy. Add dark brown and white sugar and mix until thoroughly blended with butter, scraping sides and bottom of bowl from time to time.nAdd eggs, l at a time, and mix until thoroughly blended, scraping sides and bottom of bowl from time to time.nAdd vanilla extract and mix at low speed to avoid splashing to combine well. In a separate bowl, mix flour, salt, and baking soda. Add flour mixture to buttersugar mixture and mix at low speed, until thoroughly blended, scraping sides and bottom of bowl from time to time. Mix briefly at medium speed until completely combined.nAdd peanut butter chips and mix on low speed until thoroughly combined. Add toffee ships and mix on low speed until thoroughly combined. Add minimarshmallows and mix on low speed until thoroughly combined. Add chocolate chunks and mix on low speed until thoroughly combined. Refrigerate batter for a few hours or overnight until cold.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F 300 degrees F if using convection oven. Line baking sheet with parchment paper and drop heaping teaspoonfuls of batter 2 inches apart. Bake for approximately 12 to 18 minutes depending on type of oven, turning tray once during baking. Cookies are done when they are golden brown around edges and soft not bubbly on top. Let cool on wire rack.nServing Suggestions: Fill 2 cookies with your favorite ice cream or gelato and freeze for the perfect ice cream sandwich or fill with chocolate butter for an utterly divine sandwich cookie. Serve with a cold glass of milk., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup dark brown sugar, packed, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon. salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup peanut butter chips, 12 cup toffee chips, 12 cup minimarshmallows, 2 cups imported semisweet chocolate chunks], title: Kitchen Sink Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 36917: {instructions: For the truffles: Set up a double boiler over low heat. Add the chocolate chips, almond milk, sugar, vanilla and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chips are melted and the mixture is well blended. Remove from the heat and stir in the mashed potatoes until completely incorporated.nTransfer the mixture to a loaf pan or small baking dish and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nFor the coatings: Pour the cocoa, pistachios and toasted coconut into separate small bowls.nUsing a tablespoon measure or small scoop, scoop out a ball from the chocolate mixture and roll between the palms of your hands. Place in the desired coating, rolling it around to coat, then transfer to a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining chocolate mixture and coatings.nStore in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup almond milk or light cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup plain mashed potatoes, at room temperature, 13 cup cocoa powder, 13 cup chopped pistachios, 13 cup lightly toasted coconut], title: Mashed Potato Truffles, picturelink: e1.BZ.RwrSPMqOknM.lyqMgWFDkUv8m}, 36918: {instructions: Mix water and yeast in a large bowl and let stand 5 minutes to proof. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour and stir to incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered, for at least 1 hour.nPut sponge in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the dough hook, add the salt and oil, then add the flour, 12 cup at a time, to form a dough. Remove from bowl and knead. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 2 12 hours. Divide dough into 4 balls, let rise again for 12 hour, and then roll out as desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 12 teaspoon active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil, plus more for bowl], title: Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 36919: {instructions: Cook 13 cup olive oil, 6 whole garlic cloves and a rosemary sprig in a pot over mediumlow heat, stirring, until the garlic is golden, 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cook 2 bunches broccoli rabe in salted boiling water until wilted, about 5 minutes. Drain and return to the pot, then pour in the garlic oil. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the greens are tender, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and top with shaved parmesan.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Garlicky Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 36920: {instructions: To make this milkshake even more over the top, garnish the rims of 3 glasses with vanilla frosting and then roll them in the cookie crumbs. Chill 3 glasses in the freezer while you make the milkshakes.nCombine the milk, ice cream, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, allspice, and molasses in a blender and blend on high. Pour your milkshakes into frozen glasses and top with whipped cream and a gingerbread man cookie., ingredients: [Vanilla frosting, for decorating the glass rim, optional, Crushed gingerbread cookies, for decorating the glass rim, optional, 1 14 cups milk, 2 pints 4 cups vanilla ice cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons molasses, 3 gingerbread man cookies, for serving, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Gingerbread Man Milkshake, picturelink: ySK7sTltySK14uZl2sBXiyja1A24aG}, 36921: {instructions: Place red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic and salt in a glass or metal container with a tight fitting lid and shake to combine. Add olive oil and shake vigorously, until dressing emulsifies and thickens to the consistency of cream.nLet dressing sit for 1 hour at room temperature before straining out garlic and serving. Dressing can be refrigerated, but should be brought to room temperature and shaken again before serving., ingredients: [2 ounces red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 garlic cloves, mashed, 14 teaspoon of kosher salt, 34 cup olive oil], title: Veni Vedi Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 36922: {instructions: Place shrimp in large bowl. Place chiles in a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade and puree. With the motor running, drizzle in oil until creamy emulsion is formed. Pour over shrimp in bowl and mix thoroughly to coat shrimp. Cover bowl and refrigerate for 12 hours. Soak 12 bamboo skewers in water 30 minutes. Preheat grill to moderately high.nLay 6 to 7 shrimp on board in front of you, nestled together and flat, with tails all facing one direction and heads the other. Holding shrimp flat with the palm of one hand, insert one bamboo skewer one third of the way from one end. Insert another skewer parallel to the first, one third of the way from the other end, so as to create a flat panel of shrimp that can be turned easily. Repeat with remaining shrimp and skewers to form 6 skewers in all. Season each side of shrimp with pepper the marinade is already salted. Brush grill well and wipe with oiled paper towel. Place shrimp skewers and grill 12 minutes per side until done. The center shrimp should be just opaque. Remove from grill and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds about 4042 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 small can chipotle chiles in adobo, stemmed and wiped clean, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chipotle Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 36923: {instructions: Heat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nIn a small bowl, combine the canola oil, salt and pepper, to taste.nWhen the grill is hot, brush the corn with the seasoned oil. Grill on all sides until the corn is charred and tender, about 12 minutes. Reserve 2 ears for Round 2 Recipe Corn Salsa.nWhile the corn is grilling, in a bowl combine the butter, mayonnaise, onion powder, and lime zest.nWhen the corn is cooked, generously brush on the flavored butter and serve with a wedge of lime., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ears corn, fresh or frozen and thawed, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 lime, zested, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Zesty Grilled Corn on the Cob, picturelink: eo4rEu4UOOydFOSaKwRqpA0hUVvApvO}, 36924: {instructions: Heat 13 cup of the vegetable oil in a 10inch nonstick ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat until it shimmers. Carefully add the jalapeno and scallions. Turn off the heat and stir to combine. Cook in the hot oil for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Stir in the sesame oil and season lightly with salt. Remove to a bowl and set aside until ready to serve. Wipe the pan clean.nHeat the broiler with a rack set in the middle of the oven.nPulse the ham, onions and mustard in the bowl of a food processor until a chunky paste forms.nWhisk the eggs and heavy cream in a mixing bowl.nHeat the remaining vegetable oil in the same saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the pureed ham mixture and saute until the onions have softened and the mixture is lightly browned in parts, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to medium and wait 2 minutes in order for the pan to come down to temperature continue stirring. Pour the beaten eggs over the ham, mix together and cook until the eggs start to set, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with the cheese and continue to cook until the frittata is almost set but the top is still runny, 5 to 7 minutes.nPlace the frittata under the broiler and broil until the top is golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittata from the pan and invert onto a plate. Cut into wedges and serve topped with the jalapeno and scallion relish. Serve alongside a lightly dressed green salad if desired., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 1 jalapeno, halved and thinly sliced, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced white and green parts, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 8 ounces spiral ham, roughly chopped about 1 12 cups, 12 small red onion, roughly chopped about 12 cup, 13 cup yellow mustard, 10 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, Green salad, for serving, optional], title: Deviled Ham Frittata with Jalapeno and Scallion Relish, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 36925: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine first 3 ingredients set aside. Place granulated sugar and butter in a large bowl beat with a mixer at medium speed until wellblended, about 5 minutes. Add egg whites, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in sour cream and vanilla. Lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups level with a knife. Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt, stirring well with a whisk. Gradually add flour mixture to sugar mixture beat well. Spread half of batter into an 8inch square baking pan coated with cooking spray. Sprinkle half of walnut streusel over batter. Spread remaining batter over streusel. Top with remaining streusel.nBake for 45 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool the cake on a wire rack., ingredients: [12 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup butter, softened, 2 large egg whites, 1 cup reducedfat sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Sour Cream Coffee Cake, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 36926: {instructions: Make the croutons: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the bread cubes in a large bowl with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Spread on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, tossing halfway through, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make the dressing: Puree the yogurt, 2 tablespoons parmesan, the garlic, anchovies, lemon juice, mustard and 2 tablespoons water in a mini food processor or a blender. Pound the chicken between 2 pieces of plastic wrap with a heavy skillet until 12 inch thick. Brush a rimmed baking sheet with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil add the chicken and season with salt. Brush evenly with 1 tablespoon of the dressing and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons parmesan. Broil, undisturbed, until golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Toss the lettuce, croutons and the remaining dressing and 34 cup parmesan in a large bowl. Thinly slice the chicken. Divide the salad among bowls, top with the chicken and season with pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 cups cubed dayold crusty bread preferably whole wheat, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 cup shredded parmesan cheese about 2 ounces, 1 small clove garlic, 2 anchovy fillets, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, Kosher salt, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, chopped, Freshly ground pepper], title: Light Chicken Caesar Salad, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 36927: {instructions: Bake or boil the squash. To bake, halve the squash and scoop out the seeds. Place the squash halves cut side down on an oiled baking sheet and cover loosely with aluminum foil. Bake at 350 degrees until tender, about one hour. Scoop out the pulp and discard the skin. To boil, peel the squash, halve it, and scoop out the seeds. Cut it into chunks and place them in a saucepan with water to cover. Bring the water to a boil and cook until the squash is tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and reserve the liquid.nMeanwhile, saute the chopped onion in the oil with the nutmeg, cinnamon, thyme, and bay leaves until the onion is translucent. Add the diced carrot and celery and the water if you boiled the squash, use the reserved liquid. Cover and simmer until the carrots are Tender. Remove the bay leaves.nIn a blender or food processor, puree the cooked squash, the onioncarrot mixture, and the juices in batches. Gently reheat the soup. Add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 medium to large butternut squash about 2 cups cooked pulp, 1 large Spanish onion, chopped about 3 cups, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 medium carrot, diced, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 12 cups water, 112 cups tomato juice, 1 cup apple juice, 1 cup orange juice, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Autumn Gold Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 36928: {instructions: In a saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add sugar and lecithin and stir constantly with a wooden spoon over medium heat. When mixture comes to a boil, add the corn syrup and continue stirring constantly to prevent burning until temperature reaches 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nAfter mixture reaches 300 degrees F, remove from heat and add salt and chopped almonds, if using, and mixing gently. Pour into a well buttered shallow pan. Depth of toffee should be approximately 14inch.nBefore toffee sets, score with a knife into uniform pieces. Toffee should be stored in an airtight container., ingredients: [10 ounces 2 12 sticks butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon lecithin, 1 heaping tablespoon corn syrup, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup roasted chopped almonds, optional], title: Buttercrunch Toffee, picturelink: null}, 36929: {instructions: Remove skin and excess fat from turkey breast. Rinse turkey. Blot dry with paper towels. In cup mix sage, thyme, and pepper. Rub 2 teaspoons over breast.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn large nonstick skillet heat oil over medium heat. Add celery, onion, parsley, and remaining herb mixture. Cook, stirring frequently, until vegetables are slightly softened, 3 to 4 minutes. If skillet gets dry, add a tablespoon or so of water. Stir in apples and another tablespoon water. Cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes more. Spoon into large bowl. Add stuffing mix. In measuring cup add enough water to broth to equal 2 14 cups. Add to stuffing. Toss gently to mix. Spoon into roasting pan. If desired, place roasting rack in pan over stuffing. Place turkey breast on rack or directly on stuffing. Cover pan completely with foil. Roast 1 12 hours.nIn medium bowl mix glaze ingredients. Remove foil from bird. Spoon about onethird of glaze over breast. Roast, uncovered, 30 to 40 minutes longer, basting two or three times with remaining glaze, or until instantread meat thermometer inserted in thickest part of breast registers 165 degrees. Transfer turkey to platter and stuffing to covered serving dish. Let turkey stand 20 minutes. Carve into thin slices., ingredients: [1 whole turkey breast on the bone 6 to 6 12 pounds, 1 12 teaspoons each dried sage and thyme and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 cups diced celery, with leaves, 1 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons water, or as needed, 2 medium Granny Smith apples, cored and diced about 2 12 cups, 2 bags 8 ounces each cornbread stuffing mix, 1 can 14 12 ounces fatfree reducedsodium chicken broth, 13 cup maple syrup, 3 tablespoons coarsegrained Dijonstyle mustard], title: MapleGlazed Roast Turkey Breast in a Cornbread Nest, picturelink: null}, 36930: {instructions: Place Alaska Cod fillets in shallow glass dish. Whisk together lime juice, vinegar, fish sauce, sambal, sugar and oil. Pour half the mixture over fish and reserve remaining for slaw. Let fish marinate 15 minutes. For Slaw: Combine green papaya, cabbage, tomato, carrot, cilantro and mint. Toss with reserved dressing until combined. For Crema: Whisk together crema, sambal and lime juice. Refrigerate until serving. Preheat grill or stovetop grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Remove fish from marinade and grill until barely done, 2 to 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Cook just until fish is opaque throughout. Remove fillets from grill and break into large chunks. Line each tortilla with Green Papaya Slaw. Top with chunks of fish and drizzle with Sambal Crema. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1u00bd pounds Alaska Cod fillets, fresh or thawed, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 Tablespoons Thai fish sauce, 1 Tablespoon sambal or sriracha, 2 Tablespoons palm sugar or brown sugar, 13 cup canola oil, 8 small 6inch corn tortillas, warmed, 1 cup peeled and shredded green papaya, 1 cup finely shredded Napa cabbage, 1 Roma tomato, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 13 cup finely shredded carrot, 14 cup snipped cilantro leaves, 3 Tablespoons slivered mint leaves, 12 cup Mexican crema sour cream or mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sambal or sriracha, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice], title: Black Thai Grilled Alaska Cod Tacos with Green Papaya Slaw and Sambal Crema, picturelink: YgYvPcsYJWZkgFhtV.9vt8PwoAhVHSO}, 36931: {instructions: Put the eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil. Cover, turn off the heat, and let sit 2 minutes. Pour off the water, and run under cold water until completely cool. Refrigerate to cool completely before peeling.nPeel the eggs. Rub the eggs lightly with olive oil. Pour the zaatar, seasoned with fleur de sel, onto a plate and roll the eggs in the mixture to coat. Set upright on a serving platter. Serve., ingredients: [24 fresh quail eggs, Olive oil, for rubbing, 3 to 4 tablespoons zaatar, Fleur de sel sea salt], title: HerbRolled Quails Eggs, picturelink: null}, 36932: {instructions: Wash the inside and outside of the wok with hot water, using a stainlesssteel scrubber and liquid dishwashing soap. Rinse with hot water. Dry the wok with paper towels, and then place over low heat 1 to 2 minutes until the pan is totally dry. Cut the chives into 2inch pieces.nOpen the window and turn the exhaust fan on high. Heat the wok over high heat until a bead of water vaporizes with 1 to 2 seconds of contact. Swirl in the oil and add the chives. Reduce the heat to medium and stirfry 5 minutes, pushing the mixture up the sides of the wok to the edge. If the mixture becomes dry, add additional tablespoons of oil. Remove from the heat. Cool. Discard the chives. The wok is seasoned and ready for cooking.nWash wok with hot water. Dry over low heat, 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [12 bunch Chinese chives about 7 ounces, 2 tablespoons peanut oil], title: Hung Chong Chinese Chive and Oil StirFry, picturelink: null}, 36933: {instructions: Special equipment: three 8inchround cake pansnFor the devils food cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease three 8inchround cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nCombine the hot water, chocolate and coffee powder and whisk to dissolve. Set aside to cool for a few minutes.nSift the granulated sugar, cocoa powder, flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt into a large bowl and whisk to combine. Add the buttermilk and oil to the chocolate mixture. Add the chocolate mixture, eggs and vanilla to the bowl with the dry ingredients. Beat with an electric mixer on low until the dry ingredients are moistened, about 30 seconds. Give the bowl a scrape with a rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat the batter for 2 minutes.nDivide the batter equally among the 3 prepared pans, about 1 pound of batter per pan.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out almost clean, 25 to 35 minutes. Cool in the pans for 12 minutes, then turn out onto wire racks to cool completely. Wrap the cake layers in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour before assembling.nFor the peanut butter buttercream: Beat the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until it is glossy and creamy, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low. Working in batches, slowly add the confectioners sugar, allowing each addition to be incorporated. Once all the confectioners sugar has been added, scrape the bowl with a rubber spatula and then beat the mixture on medium speed until no lumps remain and the mixture is smooth and thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the milk, vanilla and salt and mix on low speed to combine. Give the bowl and the paddle another scrape, then increase the mixer speed to medium and beat for about 5 minutes. Add the peanut butter and beat until combined. If the icing appears to be too thick, thin it by adding more milk, 1 teaspoon at a time.nTo assemble the cake: Place one of your refrigerated cake layers on a cake circle or serving dish and spread about 1 cup of peanut butter buttercream evenly across the cake. Place a second layer on top, press down slightly and spread another 1 cup buttercream evenly over the top of the cake. Top with the third layer. Give the cake a crumb coat by placing a large dollop of buttercream on top of the cake and spreading it to the edges of the cake and down the sides to seal in any crumbs. Refrigerate the 3layer cake for about 20 minutes. Use the remaining buttercream to frost the top and sides of the cake., ingredients: [1 cup very hot water 8 fluid ounces, 2 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon instant coffee powder, 400 grams 14.1 ounces granulated sugar, 100 grams 3.5 ounces Dutch process cocoa powder, 220 grams 7.75 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces buttermilk, 4 12 fluid ounces vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 sticks 2 cups unsalted butter, softened, 28 ounces sifted confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, plus teaspoons for thinning as needed, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 34 cup creamy naturalstyle peanut butter], title: Devils Food Cake, picturelink: 0bXvVXRpTBccLbeh9.9JfS9atFi.XW}, 36934: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt chocolate and 12 cup butter and set aside to cool.nTo make the cream cheese batter, with a whip attachment cream 6 tablespoons butter than add the cream cheese and continue mixing. Add the sugar, beat until fluffy then beat in the eggs, then flour, and vanilla. Set aside.nFor the chocolate batter, in a separate bowl whip the eggs and sugar until fluffy. Stir together the flour, baking powder, salt, and mix into egg mixture. Mix in the melted chocolate and butter, and the extracts.nIn a rectangular pan, lined with parchment, spread half the chocolate mixture. Spread the cream cheese layer over that to cover, then drop remaining chocolate batter by spoonfuls on top then swirl with a knife. Bake for 40 minutes. Cool and cut into bars., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 cup butter, 6 tablespoons butter, 9 ounces cream cheese, 34 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoons vanilla, 6 eggs, 2 14 cups sugar, 1 12 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoons vanilla, 34 teaspoons almond extract], title: Black and White Brownies, picturelink: kxH180mdNgLXoUVA1EsnDkWmrXJeTS}, 36935: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the melted butter and sugar in a mixing bowl. Blend well until smooth. Add the salt, vanilla, coffee, and cinnamon, and blend until smooth. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until smooth. Combine the cocoa powder and flour, and sift. Add the cocoaflour mixture to the butter mixture and to form a batter. Add 12 of the nuts and blend well.nGrease a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Pour the batter into the dish. Sprinkle the surface with the remaining 12cup of nuts. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [34 pounds butter, melted, 1 14 pounds granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 teaspoon coffee extract, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup whole eggs, 2 ounces cocoa powder, 8 ounces flour, 1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts], title: Coffee Extract Cocoa Pecan Brownies, picturelink: null}, 36936: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the tuna, cucumber, carrots, peppers, tomato, onion, and chives. Gently toss with hands. Season with the salt and lime juice. In the piece of cheesecloth, add the grated coconut. Then gather up the ends and over the bowl, wring out the milk from the coconut by twisting the cheesecloth tighter and tighter retain the coconut juice for another recipe notably Prawns with Vanillla Coconut Sauce, also shown on this show. Gently toss the ingredients in the bowl again and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ounces tuna loin, diced, 12 cup quartered, sliced fresh cucumber, 12 cup julienned carrots, 14 cup julienned red pepper, 14 cup julienned yellow pepper, 12 cup diced tomato, 12 cup sliced white onion, 14 cup chopped chives, Salt, 14 cup lime juice, 1 fresh whole coconut, split and meat grated to equal 2 cups], title: Raw Fish: Poisson Cru, picturelink: null}, 36937: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil in a large pan over high heat. Add 12 of the mushrooms and shallots in 1 layer to sear or brown them evenly. After a few moments, stir and continue to cook for about 5 minutes. Season with salt, freshly ground pepper and add half of the tarragon and the butter and stir to incorporate. Repeat this process again to keep mushrooms from cooking in their own liquid and getting too wet. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pounds fresh chanterelle mushrooms, torn apart into uniform pieces, 12 cup sliced shallot rings about 6 or 8 large shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Tarragon Scented Chanterelles and Shallots, picturelink: dVdi9qqOI5HHGTm8HzquCjIsG4WvaYW}, 36938: {instructions: Dip the cheese slices in cold water, then flour them lightly.nHeat 14inch olive oil in a wide pan until smoking. Fry cheese slices 30 to 40 seconds on each side until golden brown. Remove and drain briefly on paper towels. Warm ouzo over a low flame. Put slices of cheese in a cast metal serving dish, pour ouzo over the slices and, standing clear, ignite the ouzo.nAllow to burn briefly, then extinguish fire with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice. Serve immediately.nSuggested drink: Kourtakis Retsina of Attica, ingredients: [3 slices hard, Greek, sheep cheese, 2inches by 2inches, 14 to 12inch thick, Flour for breading, Olive oil for frying, 2 tablespoons ouzo, 1 lemon, halved,  Vlahotyri sheep and goat cheese or Kefalograviera], title: Saganaki, picturelink: null}, 36939: {instructions: Peel shrimp and devein. Set aside. In bowl combine lemon juice, 14 cup olive oil, minced garlic, and red pepper flakes. Add shrimp and stir to coat. Let sit for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in separate bowl combine pineapple, tomato, and onion and parsley. Drizzle on remaining oil and mix together. Remove shrimp from marinade and grill, broil or cook in cast iron pan until shrimp are pink. Plate and top with salsa., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, 1 cup pineapple, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 small tomato, diced, 12 cup olive oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Spicy Grilled Shrimp with Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 36940: {instructions: If bread is not stale: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes out on a baking sheet and cook until toasted, about 10 minutes.nWhisk the halfandhalf, eggs, sugar, whiskey, vanilla, salt and nutmeg together in a large bowl. Toss bread cubes and dried fruit together and place into the slow cooker. Pour custard over top and press down lightly until all bread is covered with custard.nCover and cook on LOW until pudding puffs and is just set, about 3 12 hours. Remove insert from the slow cooker and cool on a rack, about 20 minutes.nSpoon pudding into large cups or bowls and sprinkle each serving with cinnamon sugar, and toasted nuts. Top with whipped cream or yogurt, if desired., ingredients: [1 loaf about 1 pound wholewheat multigrain bread, preferably stale, cut into large cubes about 6 cups, 1 quart 4 cups halfandhalf, 4 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons whiskey or bourbon, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 12 ounces dried pears or a combination of pears and apricots, chopped, 14 cup sugar and 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon mixed together, 1 12 cups walnuts or pecans, toasted, Whipped cream or yogurt], title: Slow Cooked Winter Bread Pudding with Dried Pears, picturelink: 4WNl.N.kZcNB.LfD7DwUl3f3sfRSgi}, 36941: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Fit a pastry bag with a round tip preferably 38 to 12inch in diameter. In a large mixing bowl, combine powdered sugar, almond flour, cocoa, and salt. Using an electric mixer, whip the egg whites and food coloring until the whites hold a soft peak. Add the granulated sugar and continue beating whites until they hold a firm peak. Using a large rubber spatula, gently fold egg whites into dry ingredients. After combined, move the rubber spatula back and forth a few times through the mixture until the batter looks slightly shiny. Fill pastry bag with mixture. Pipe 1inch rounds approximately 1 inch apart. Let cookies sit out at room temperature for 20 minutes. Prepare filling see instructions below. Bake cookies for about 25 minutes, or until the tops of the cookies feel dry and crisp. Remove cookies from oven and let cool completely on the baking sheet. Once cool, use a spatula to separate cookies from parchment paper.nFor the filling: Combine all filling ingredients and, using an electric mixer, beat until smooth and fluffy. Using a small spatula or knife, spread the flat side of half of the cookies with a dollop of filling, about 12 teaspoon each you may have some leftover filling. Sandwich the remaining halves to the filling side., ingredients: [12 cup sifted powdered sugar, 34 cup almond flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, Pinch fine salt, 2 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon red food coloring, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sifted powdered sugar], title: Red Velvet Gems, picturelink: null}, 36942: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together mayonnaise, wasabi paste, and crabmeat. Gently fold in caviar. Season with salt and pepper refrigerate until ready to serve. To serve, fill pastry shells with crabcaviar mixture garnish with more caviar.nHeat oven to 400 degrees F. Defrost pastry dough, following label directions. In a small bowl, whisk together egg and milk set aside. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment set aside. On a lightly floured surface, cut pastry with a 1inch pastry cutter to make 36 rounds. Use the cutter to make indentations on the centers of the rounds without cutting through the dough. Using a pastry brush, coat rounds with egg wash. Cook on prepared baking sheets until raised and golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Gently push the indented center into the cavity, and remove to form a shell. If necessary, use a paring knife to coax out the center. Level the bottom with a paring knife so that the shell wont wobble. Repeat with remaining shells. Yield: 3 dozen shells, ingredients: [6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste or powder, 2 tablespoons wasabi caviar, plus more for garnish, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked clean, Salt and white pepper, VolauVent, recipe follows, 1 sheet puff pastry from a 17ounce frozen package, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Crabmeat Salad and Wasabi Caviar in VolauVent, picturelink: null}, 36943: {}, 36944: {instructions: Fill a 1ounce shot glass with Irish whiskey. Fill a second 1ounce shot glass with beer. Serve the two shots. The whiskey should be drunk first., ingredients: [1 ounce Irish whiskey, 1 ounce beer], title: Mulligan, picturelink: null}, 36945: {instructions: Heat the marinara sauce and vodka in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Simmer for 3 minutes to thicken. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cream. Serve atop your favorite shape of cooked pasta., ingredients: [One 24ounce jar marinara sauce, 12 cup vodka, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Vodka and Cream Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 36946: {instructions: Gently warm the milk in a small saucepan over medium heat. When small bubbles begin to form around the edges, whisk in the chocolate chips, cocoa powder and salt whisk until smooth.nScoop small scoops of ice cream into small tea cups or espresso cups. Ladle some of the hot chocolate over the ice cream and let the kids top with candy canes or gingersnaps if desired., ingredients: [2 cups 2 percent milk, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Mini candy canes, for topping, optional, Gingersnaps, for topping, optional], title: Hot Chocolate Affogato, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 36947: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the oil to a large pot of boiling salted water, add the pasta and cook al dente according to the directions on the package. Drain well. Heat the milk in a small saucepan, but dont allow it to boil. In a large pot, melt 6 tablespoons of the butter and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring constantly with a whisk. Still whisking, add the hot milk and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, the pepper and nutmeg and stir until the cheese melts. Stir in the cooked pasta and lobster. Pile the mixture into 6 to 8 2cup gratin dishes. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, combine with the bread crumbs and sprinkle on top. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the sauce is bubbly and the pasta is browned on top.nPhotographs by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 pound cavatappi or elbow macaroni, 1 quart whole milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups grated Gruyere cheese 12 ounces, 2 cups grated extrasharp Cheddar 8 ounces, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 pounds cooked lobster meat, 12inchdiced, 1 12 cups fresh white bread crumbs 5 slices, crusts removed], title: Lobster Mac and Cheese, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 36948: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Combine the butter, cumin, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Brush half of the butter mixture over the ears of corn and wrap each ear in a piece of heavyduty foil.n2. Place the wrapped ears of corn on the grill and cook, turning every 10 minutes, until the corn feels soft on all sides when you squeeze it with tongs, about 30 minutes. Remove from the grill and cool for about 5 minutes.n3. Unwrap the corn, being careful of steam, and place on a serving platter. Brush with the remaining butter mixture, sprinkle with the cilantro and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 4 ears yellow corn, shucked, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 4 wedges fresh lime], title: Grilled Corn on the Cob Wrapped In Foil, picturelink: null}, 36949: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut slice from top of bread loaf remove center, leaving 1inchthick shell. Cut removed bread into bitesize pieces. Cover shell with top of bread place on baking sheet with bread pieces. Bake 15 min. Cool slightly.nMeanwhile, cook and stir celery, red peppers and onions in butter in medium saucepan on medium heat until tender. Add VELVEETA cook on low heat until melted, stirring frequently. Add broccoli, rosemary and hot pepper sauce cook until heated through, stirring constantly.nSpoon into bread loaf. Serve with toasted bread pieces, NABISCO Crackers andor assorted cutup fresh vegetables.nMicrowave celery, red peppers, onions and butter in 2qt. microwaveable bowl on HIGH 1 min. Add VELVEETA, broccoli, rosemary and hot pepper sauce mix well. Microwave 5 to 6 min. or until VELVEETA is melted, stirring after 3 min.nSubstitute 1 pkg. 10 oz. frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, for the broccoli.nOmit bread loaf. Spoon dip into serving bowl. Serve with crackers and assorted cutup vegetables as directed., ingredients: [1 loaf 112 lb. round sourdough bread, 12 cup chopped celery, 12 cup chopped red peppers, 14 cup chopped onions, 2 Tbsp. butter or margarine, 1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 pkg. 10 oz. frozen chopped broccoli, thawed, drained, 14 tsp. dried rosemary leaves, crushed, Few drops hot pepper sauce], title: Hot Broccoli Dip, picturelink: null}, 36950: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a deep 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute pancetta, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and saute, stirring, until golden, about 30 seconds.nStir in clams, broth, wine, and chiles and boil, covered until clams open, about 4 to 5 minutes discard any clams that do not open after 6 minutes. If using whole chiles, remove with a slotted spoon and discard.nWhile clams are cooking, cook pasta in a 6quart pot of wellsalted boiling water until al dente. Drain in a colander, then add to clams and simmer, stirring, 30 seconds.nToss pasta with parsley and drizzle with remaining 5 tablespoons oil., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, cut into thin strips, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 2 pounds cherrystone clams, scrubbed, 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 13 cup dry white wine, 4 small dried hot chiles 1inch or 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 14 ounces dried thin linguine, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Linguine alle Vongole, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 36951: {instructions: Place the currants in the freezer for about 30 minutes prior to making the cocktail. They will act as mini ice cubes and will keep the cocktail colder longernAdd the black currant syrup to the bottom of a champagne flute. Top with sparkling apple cider, or Champagne, if using. Drop a couple of currants into the glass and garnish with a small frozen bunch, if desired.nCooks Note: For the ultimate in crowd control, prepare a pitcher of Ruby Royales just make sure to add the chilled sparkling cider just before serving so everyone will enjoy the bubbly. A pitcher will allow you to mingle with your guests without playing mixologist., ingredients: [2 tablespoons black currant syrup recommended: Ribena, Sparkling apple cider or Champagne, if desired, chilled, 2 tablespoons fresh black or red currants, some berries picked and some clusters], title: Ruby Royale, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 36952: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nMelt butter in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add onions and cook until golden brown. Set aside to cool. Unroll pie dough 1 at a time. Use a 2 12inch round cutter and cut as many rounds as possible about 14 to 16, reserving scraps repeat with second pie dough. Gather together scrap dough and cut out as many rounds as needed to make 24 in total. Fit dough rounds into cups of mini muffin pan. Place in the oven and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg, halfandhalf, golden onion soup mix, and fines herbs. Set aside. Divide onions among tartlet shells, about 12 teaspoon each. Stir the egg mixture and fill tartlets to cover the onions. Top each with 12 teaspoon of cheese. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 Vidalia onion or other sweet onion, diced, about 3 cups, 1 box 15ounce refrigerated pie crust recommended: Pillsbury, 1 large egg, 13 cups halfandhalf, 12 1.3ounce envelope golden onion soup mix recommended: Lipton, 1 teaspoon fine herbs recommended: Spice Islands, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese], title: Sweet Onion Tartlets, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 36953: {instructions: Remove the back sinew of the ribs. Sear the rack on a hot grill on both sides, and place in a roasting pan. Combine the water and the Barbecue Sauce and pour over the ribs. Bring the ribs to a boil on the stove, cover with foil, and braise in a 350degree oven until tender, but not falling of the bone. Cool thoroughly.nHeat oil in pot. Chop onion, scallions, and peppers, then saute in heated oil for 5 minutes. Add the garlic, sugar and dry ingredients and stir. Add liquids and stir. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours, until flavors are mixed. Adjust seasoning to taste., ingredients: [6 pounds pork baby back ribs, 4 ounces tap water, 1 12 pints Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 tablespoons pomace oil, 2 ounces Spanish onion, 1 ounce scallion, 2 ounces fresh green pepper, 14 tablespoon peeled garlic, 1 14 ounces brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 ounces ground paprika, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 ounces lemon juice, 3 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 3 ounces red wine vinegar, 1 2 cup crushed tomatoes, 4 12 ounces chili sauce, 1 12 cups ketchup, 3 ounces grandma molasses, 1 12 ounces honey, 1 12 ounces crystal hot Louisiana sauce], title: Barbecued Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 36954: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Stir together.nMeasure the buttermilk and milk into a measuring cup and add the egg. Stir together with a fork. Add the baking soda and stir.nPour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients. Stir with a fork until combined.nIn a small bowl, melt 14 cup shortening in the microwave. Slowly add the melted shortening to the batter, stirring until just combined.nIn a castiron skillet, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons shortening over medium heat. Pour the batter into the hot skillet. The batter should sizzle. Spread to even out the surface. Cook on the stovetop for 1 minute, and then transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. The edges should be crispy, ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup milk, 1 whole egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons shortening], title: Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: ZYsfVuAbRD96qpMKKrvudtdzrIFY1jW}, 36955: {instructions: Set a large saute pan over medium heat and add a 2 count of olive oil. Add the onion and caramelize for about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the coconut milk and ginger and simmer for 5 minutes to reduce a little. Remove the ginger and add the hominy. Season mixture with salt and pepper, to taste, the nutmeg, and chicken stock and cook for 10 minutes to heat through and allow the flavors to come together. Pour into a serving dish and season with pepper, if desired., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 12 onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cups skim coconut milk, 1 3inch piece ginger, cut in 12, 2 15ounce cans white hominy corn, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock], title: Corn Porridge, picturelink: FhPutvXb0vFSphgvba19pBwCOPvhFgC}, 36956: {instructions: Spread 1 cup shredded white cheddar cheese on 12 of a flour tortilla. Then spread on top 1 cup of the Black Bean Filling. Then place 14 cup feta cheese. Fold over the tortilla. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Grill on an oiled flat grill, on medium high heat, for 4 to 6 minutes or until both sides are golden brown. Cut each quesadilla into 4 triangles and serve.nIn a large bowl, mix all ingredients., ingredients: [4 cups shredded white cheddar, 4 10inch flour tortillas, Black Bean Filling, recipe follows, 1 cup feta, 12 cup vegetable oil, for grilling, 4 cups cooked black turtle beans, drained, 2 cups brown rice, cooked, 1 cup corn kernels, cooked, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, rehydrated in water, 2 tablespoons cumin, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, Salt], title: Black Bean Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 36957: {instructions: One hour prior to cooking, coat the steaks with oil and season liberally with the peppercorn mixture and salt. Grill or saute over high heat to your desired doneness, approximately 4 minutes on each side for medium rare.nFor the sauce: Sweat the shallots and garlic in the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan on medium heat. Add the whiskey and reduce by half. Add the stock and cream and simmer for 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 8 ounce sirloin bison steaks, well trimmed, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup mixed peppercorns, black, green and pink, coarsely ground, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup Tennessee Whiskey Recommended: Jack Daniels, 1 cup veal stock, 12 cup cream, Salt, Pepper], title: 3Peppercorn Bison with Tennessee Whiskey Sauce, picturelink: null}, 36958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the beets on a sheet of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Wrap the foil around the beets and place on a baking sheet. Roast until tender when pierced with a knife, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool slightly, then unwrap and rub off the skins using a paper towel.nAbout 30 minutes before serving, remove the burrata from the refrigerator and let stand at room temperature. Whisk the orange juice, vinegar and shallot in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the 2 tablespoons olive oil until emulsified.nThinly slice the beets and arrange in a single layer on a serving plate, overlapping slightly. Spoon the vinaigrette over the beets and season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper set aside.nPreheat the broiler. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet and broil until toasted. Sprinkle the beets with the chives and pistachios. Place the burrata on the beets. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Serve with the toasted bread.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 medium beets, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt, 1 8ounce ball burrata cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar or, white wine vinegar, 12 small shallot, minced, Freshly ground pepper, 4 12inchthick slices crusty bread, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped pistachios], title: Beet Carpaccio with Burrata, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 36959: {instructions: Steam broccoli, cauliflower, green beans, and carrots in a vegetable steamer 5 to 10 minutes, or cook covered in a microwave with a little water until crisptender.nTransfer to a large serving bowl. Add red pepper and mushrooms to bowl and toss to mix.nIn a small bowl, combine olive oil, vinegar, scallions, and thyme with a wire whisk. Drizzle over vegetables and serve.nRecipe provided by Low Cholesterol Olive Oil Cookbook, ingredients: [1 12 cups broccoli florets, 1 12 cups cauliflower florets, 34 cup green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, thinly sliced, 1 medium red bell pepper, cut into 1inch julienne strips, 12 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 12 cup Filippo Berio Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped scallions, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves], title: Simple Vegetable Medley, picturelink: null}, 36960: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometer and 12 cake pop sticksnFor the cake pop: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 10inch round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray, dust with flour and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nSift together the allpurpose flour, cake flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a medium bowl and set aside. Mix the heavy cream, sour cream, orange zest and scraped vanilla bean in another bowl and set aside.nAdd the sugar and butter to the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on medium speed until the color lightens slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time and beat until the mixture is smooth. Add onethird of the dry ingredients and mix on low until combined, then scrape the bowl. Add half of the wet ingredients and mix on low until combined. Add another onethird of the dry ingredients followed by the remaining wet ingredients, mixing on low after each addition and scraping the bowl. Add the remaining dry ingredients and mix until just combined.nDivide the batter between the prepared cake pans and bake until a cake tester inserted in the middle of the cakes comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the cranberry compote: Cut the apple into small pieces. In a medium saucepan, add the cranberries, sugar, cinnamon, orange zest and juice and apples. Cook over medium heat until the cranberries start to pop open and the mixture thickens slightly. Transfer to a medium bowl and let cool.nFor the orange buttercream: Place the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment. Mix the sugar and 12 cup water together in a medium saucepan, place over high heat with a candy thermometer and heat the mixture to 238 to 240 degrees F. While the mixture is boiling, mix the egg whites on medium speed until soft peaks form. When the boiling sugar reaches 240 degrees F, pour it slowly into the egg whites with the mixer on low. Once all the hot sugar has been added, increase the mixer speed to high and whip until thick, glossy and cooled. Reduce the speed and add the butter 1 to 2 tablespoons at a time, mixing until the buttercream thickens. Whip in the orange zest.nTo assemble the pops: Crumble the cooled cakes into small pieces. Mix in enough buttercream to hold the cake pops together. Add the desired amount of cranberry compote there should be some in every bite. Scoop balls of the cake pop mixture onto a baking sheet lined with parchment. Press a cake pop stick into each ball and freeze until firm.nMelt the white chocolate gently over a double boiler. Dip the frozen cake pops into the white chocolate and place on the parchment to set. If adding toppings, right after you dip the cake pops in the chocolate, dip them in in the desired toppings such as nuts, sprinkles or chocolate chips., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cake pans, 6 ounces allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the cake pans, 8 ounces cake flour, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sour cream, Zest of 1 orange, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 3 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 large eggs, 1 Granny Smith apple, One 8ounce bag frozen cranberries, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 6 ounces egg whites, 1 pound granulated sugar, 5 sticks 1 14 pounds unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon orange zest, White chocolate, as needed for coating, Nuts, sprinkles or chocolate chips, optional, for topping], title: Cranberry Orange Vanilla Cake Pops, picturelink: 8WugaoZmOT80iWqfPr3WskwfeyI.O7C}, 36961: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 4ounce glass bowls or ramekinsnPut 14 cup cold water in a small bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin over the water, stir and let sit until the gelatin has softened, about 5 minutes.nStir the halfandhalf and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat until the sugar melts and the halfandhalf is hot and begins to steam. Stir in the softened gelatin, lemon zest, vanilla and a large pinch of salt. Make sure all the gelatin dissolves.nDivide the mixture evenly into 6 small glass bowls, and let cool for a few minutes. Wrap and refrigerate until chilled and set the panna cottas will be jiggly, about 4 hours. They can be made a day ahead and refrigerated.nFill a medium bowl with very hot water. Working with one panna cotta at a time, dip a bowl almost completely in the water, and hold it there for about 1 minute. Dry off the bowl, then invert it onto a small serving plate. Repeat with the remaining panna cottas. They can be unmolded and inverted onto the serving plates up to 3 hours before serving. Top each with a mound of strawberries, and drizzle with honey., ingredients: [One 14ounce packet unflavored powdered gelatin, 2 cups halfandhalf, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 4 large strawberries, diced into small pieces, Honey, for drizzling], title: StrawberryLemon Panna Cottas, picturelink: afChIgg8iEZOAPNrRwE15t50Ip4v.hC}, 36962: {instructions: Cut potatoes into wedges. Add wedges to a bowl and coat with olive oil. Toss in thyme and salt and pepper. Place potato wedges in a pan and roast at 425 degrees for 35 minutes., ingredients: [2 small or one large sweet potatoes, Olive oil, Fresh thyme, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes Wedges, picturelink: null}, 36963: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and coat a 12cup minimuffin pan with cooking spray. Sift the flour, cocoa powder and salt into a small bowl.nBeat the egg yolk and 2 tablespoons granulated sugar in a medium bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and thick, about 2 minutes. Beat in 2 teaspoons coffee and the vanilla. Fold in the flour mixture with a rubber spatula until just incorporated.nBeat the egg white in a separate bowl with clean beaters on medium speed until foamy. Increase the speed to medium high and gradually add the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar beat until stiff shiny peaks form, about 3 minutes.nStir about onethird of the beaten egg white into the batter with a rubber spatula, then gently fold in the rest. Divide the batter evenly among the minimuffin cups, filling them halfway. Bake until the cupcakes are golden brown and spring back when pressed, about 10 minutes. Poke a few holes into each with a toothpick, then brush with the remaining 1 tablespoon coffee. Remove to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter and confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on low speed until combined, then increase the speed to medium high and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes add the mascarpone and beat until just incorporated. Beat in the vanilla.nSpread the coconut on a plate. Cover each cupcake completely with a thick layer of frosting, then roll in the coconut. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day.nWhat do you think this pull apart bread should be called Let us know you must use the entry formin order to be considered.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 14 cup cake flour not selfrising, 12 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder, Pinch of salt, 1 large egg, separated, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons strong brewed coffee or espresso, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, For the frosting:, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut], title: Snow Globes, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 36964: {instructions: Pour amaretto and sambuca into a footed, glass coffee mug. Fill mug with coffee and top with whipped cream.nSemiHomemakers Tip: To make flavored coffee, add a teaspoon of flavored extract to your coffee grounds before brewing., ingredients: [1 shot amaretto recommended: Disaronno, 1 shot sambuca, Vanillaflavored coffee, Pressurized whipped cream recommended: Ready Whip], title: Venetian Coffee, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 36965: {instructions: Fry the bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until slightly crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove from the pan and cut into bitesize pieces.nIn a separate pan, cook the onions in the butter over a low heat until caramelized, 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nUse a fork to crumble the gorgonzola.nPut the bacon, caramelized onions and crumbled gorgonzola into separate bowls. Serve as delicious toppings for both sliders and macaroni cheese., ingredients: [1 pound thickcut peppered bacon, 3 yellow onions, halved and sliced, 3 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces gorgonzola, Cooked sliders andor macaroni and cheese, for serving], title: Macaroni and Cheese and Sliders Bar, picturelink: u0Q3kklsycvKvkIF6wxOLxCQga69Kf6}, 36966: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot of water to a rolling boil, add lobsters, and cook at a fast boil until done, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of iced water to cool, then remove and reserve tail and claw meat for another use. Do this messy job over a bowl to reserve drippings. Crush shells, which will be the base for the stock, using a mallet or hammer, then grind as fine as possible with reserved drippings in a food processor.nMelt butter and oil in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Cook onions, carrots, celery, and salt until golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in crushed shells, white wine, and Madeira. Turn heat to high and cook until liquid is reduced by half.nAdd clam juice and tomato juice. Bring to a boil and carefully skim and discard foam that rises to surface. Add remaining ingredients and cook at a simmer, uncovered, 1 hour 15 minutes.nStrain through a fine sieve and refrigerate up to 2 days or freeze indefinitely., ingredients: [4 1 12 pound lobsters or 4 pounds crayfish, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks celery, peeled and chopped, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups dry white wine, 1 cup Madeira, 5 cups fish stock, clam juice, or water, 3 cups tomato juice, 1 head garlic, with skins, cut in half horizontally, 12 bunch fresh parsley, with stems, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 teaspoons dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon cayenne], title: Lobster Stock, picturelink: null}, 36967: {instructions: In a blender, combine the carrot, water, vinegar, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil, shallot and sherry and puree. While the motor is running, drizzle in the oil until incorporated. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [12 pound carrots 3 medium, chopped, 14 cup water, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon sherry, 12 cup peanut or vegetable oil], title: CarrotGinger Dressing, picturelink: null}, 36968: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 7 by 11 12 by 2inch baking pan. Line with parchment paper set aside.nIn a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, combine the butter and chocolate and melt. Remove from heat and let stand until cool. Sift the flour and baking powder together into a medium bowl set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the eggs until thick and creamy, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in the sugar. Continue beating until mixture is thick and mousselike and a trail is left on the surface when the whisk is lifted, about 3 minutes more. Gradually fold in the chocolate mixture, alternating with the dry ingredients. Fold in the nuts.nPour batter into prepared pan, and bake until top is cracked and the center is just firm to the touch, about 40 to 45 minutes. The brownies should not have a cakelike consistency. Remove from oven and let cool in pan.nCut into squares in the pan before turning out onto a board., ingredients: [18 tablespoons 2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 12 ounces bestquality bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, packed, 1 34 cups pecan halves, coarsely chopped], title: Perfect Brownies, picturelink: iDTbhm7zNAaoeZ3C8.lu.hOujNFhOse}, 36969: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar, vanilla bean and 2 cups water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the sugar melts. Remove from the heat and let cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks.nFor the martini: In a cocktail shaker with ice, add the blood orange juice, vodka and 2 ounces of the simple syrup. Shake, then strain into a martini glass. Garnish with the orange zest., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 4 ounces blood orange juice, 2 ounces vodka, 1 strip blood orange zest], title: Blood OrangeVanilla Martini, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 36970: {instructions: Heat a nonstick griddle over medium heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the baking mix and cinnamon. In a separate bowl, whisk together the halfandhalf, mashed bananas, pineapple, sugar, butter and egg until smooth. Add the wet mixture to the dry and stir just until the dry ingredients are moistened, taking care not to overmix. Fold in the pecans.nUsing a 14cup measure, pour the batter onto the griddle and cook the pancakes for 2 to 4 minutes, watching for the tops to start bubbling. Flip and cook for 2 to 4 more minutes. Repeat the process with the remaining batter. Serve with sliced bananas and strawberries., ingredients: [1 12 cups baking mix, such as Bisquick, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup mashed bananas about 2 large, plus sliced bananas, for serving, 12 cup drained crushed pineapple, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 large egg, 14 cup pecans, finely chopped, Sliced strawberries, for serving], title: Hummingbird Pancakes, picturelink: XBfLyoRQ2sf7xujrdT4NDARsn7I7Ru}, 36971: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare a baking sheet with foil and spray with canola oil.nIn a shallow pie plate or dish, mix the flour, garlic powder, paprika and 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, stirring well to combine. Add the beaten egg whites to another pie plate or dish and then add the panko to another pie plate or dish. Sprinkle the fish, flour, egg whites and panko lightly with salt and pepper and seafood seasoning. Begin by taking 1 piece of fish at a time and dredging first in the flour, then into the egg whites, then the panko and then place it on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pieces of fish. Spray the tops of the fish sticks with canola oil.nPlace the baking sheet into the oven and cook the fish for 8 minutes, turning once, and continue to cook another 8 minutes. Remove the fish sticks and let cool for 5 minutes. Serve the fish sticks with the Funked Up Ketchup.nCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl and mix well., ingredients: [Canola oil spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, Seafood seasoning, as needed recommended: Old Bay, 3 egg whites, lightly beaten, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 pound centercut fish fillet, such as cod or haddock, cut into 16 1ounce pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Funked Up Ketchup, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup ketchup, 1 cup mild barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons sweet relish, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Big Daddys Fish Sticks with Funked Out Ketchup, picturelink: ahf6rXfQqvk4dToM4aG8IuoBcr3FamK}, 36972: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nGrease a 10inch tube pan and dust with flour.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until fluffy. Slowly add 2 cups of the sugar and mix until just incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, until incorporated.nReduce the mixeru2019s speed to low. Alternately add the flour and soda until a smooth batter is formed. Transfer the batter to a large bowl.nClean the bowl of the mixer and place the egg whites inside. Using the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites until foamy. Add the lemon juice and beat until soft peaks are formed. Add the remaining sugar and beat until stiff peaks are formed.nWorking in 3 batches, using a rubber spatula, fold the egg whites into the batter.nPour the batter into the pan and bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes to 1 hour. Allow to cool completely about 2 hours, then unmold and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups sugar, 5 eggs, separated, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup lemon lime soda, 3 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Lemon Lime Soda Pound Cake, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 36973: {instructions: Preheat a gas or charcoal grill to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, add all the ingredients, except the chips, and mix well. Transfer to a 9 by 9inch foil baking pan and cover with aluminum foil. Put on the grill over indirect heat 350 degrees F is ideal and cook for 15 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, to keep the heat even. Carefully remove from the grill and serve with the chips., ingredients: [14 ounces canned or frozen, thawed artichoke hearts, drained, diced not marinated, 9 ounces frozen creamed spinach, thawed, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 12 cup diced roasted red bell pepper, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons jarred pesto sauce, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 package tortilla chips, 1 package pita chips], title: Artichoke Spinach Dip with Roasted Red Bell Peppers, picturelink: qXCETK1KtMa7Czkw7Q8OxXIylMv0.}, 36974: {instructions: Season salmon with salt and pepper and place in a nonreactive container. Combine sake, shallot, garlic, sesame seed, and cilantro and pour over fish. Cover and marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nCombine cabbage, seaweed, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, leeks, lime juice, and orange juice in a nonreactive bowl and season with black pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPrepare wasabi aioli by combining mayonnaise, wasabi powder, garlic powder, and lime juice and chill.nHeat sesame oil over low heat and poach salmon fillets until fish is just opaque. Drain on paper towels and bring to room temperature.nArrange a bed of Asian slaw on serving plate, top with poached salmon and spoon a quenelle of wasabi aioli on fish., ingredients: [6 4ounce czarcut salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sake, 2 shallot cloves, minced, 2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup sesame oil, 12 head napa cabbage, sliced chiffonade, 14 cup dried seaweed, 1 pint bean sprouts, 1 6ounce can bamboo shoots, drained, rinsed and cut chiffonade, 2 leeks, white and tender green parts only, soaked in salt water to remove grit, and very thinly sliced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon wasabi powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice], title: Chilled Poached Salmon with Asian Slaw and Wasabi Aioli, picturelink: null}, 36975: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor combine bread, lemon zest, walnuts and cheese. Pulse until almost uniform in texture. Continue pulsing while drizzling in the olive oil. Set aside.nSeason fish with salt and pepper. Place 4 fillets in a single layer on a buttered 9 by 12inch casserole. In a small saucepan melt 4 tablespoons of butter and add the lemon juice and capers. Pour butter mixture over fish, and sprinkle tops with bread crumb mixture. Bake uncovered for 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Infuse the oil with minced garlic, then add the Swiss chard and saute until wilted, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve hot with the sole., ingredients: [4 slices fresh white bread, crusts discarded and bread quartered, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup walnut halves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 lemon sole fillets, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, plus extra for casserole, 14 cup lemon juice 3 tablespoons capers 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bunches Swiss chard, leaves removed and chopped], title: Baked Lemon Sole with Sauteed Swiss Chard, picturelink: RHSFRzwjEwNBNDADbLDlCwvR4Y3Hj.}, 36976: {instructions: In a shaker, combine the litchi syrup, tequila, triple sec, lime juice and ice cubes. Close shaker and shake a few times. Coat the rim of a cocktail glass with salt. Pour cocktail, straining the ice, into salted glasses. Garnish with lime., ingredients: [2 ounces litchi syrup, from the can, 1 12 ounces tequila, 1 ounce Triple Sec, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 cup ice, Salt, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Litchi Margarita, picturelink: null}, 36977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the rub: The day before cooking, mix the turbinado sugar, salt, paprika, chili powder, granulated garlic, onion powder, ground cumin, ground mustard, cayenne pepper and black pepper together.nFor the ribs: Take a slab of ribs and turn over so the curved side is up. Using your fingernail or a knife, pry under the membrane until you can put your finger under it and then pull it off.nSprinkle this side of the ribs with about 1 tablespoon rub, and then about 1 tablespoon yellow mustard. Use the mustard to help evenly distribute the seasoning. Turn the ribs over and repeat the process. Cover and store in the refrigerator overnight.nTo cook, start a smoker and bring the temp to 200 degrees F. Use apple or cherry wood chunks to provide smoke and flavor. Place the ribs in the smoker, curved side down. Smoke for 2 hours at 200 degrees F, and then raise the temperature to 250 degrees F for about 2 12 hours. Check for tenderness by testing if the bones will pull apart with a slight bit of pressure. If they are still tough, allow to cook for another 30 minutes.nRemove from the smoker. For drystyle ribs, sprinkle with about 1 tablespoon rub. For wetstyle ribs, glaze with the BBQ sauce., ingredients: [1 cup turbinado sugar, ground, 14 cup kosher salt, 6 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 4 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground mustard, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, coarse ground, One 2.25pound slab of baby back pork ribs also known as loinback ribs, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons BBQ sauce, for glazing, optional], title: Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: 8.cY0f1WOEYjWTi7190bT93OWU.tiYC}, 36978: {instructions: For croissants:nUse a sharp chefs knife to cut out triangles with a 2 12inch base and 10inch sides. Lay each triangle on a lightly floured work surface with the tip facing you. Gently pull the tip toward you this light stretch adds layers to the finished croissant without adding density. Use the palms of your hands to roll each triangle up from the base to the tip. At this stage, they can be frozen for up to 1 week if well wrapped in plastic wrap. Thaw on a parchment papercovered baking sheet overnight in the refrigerator before proceeding.nPlace the rolled croissants on a parchment covered baking sheet spaced about 2 inches apart. Loosely cover the baking sheet with plastic wrap. Allow the croissants to proof at room temperature until they have doubled in size and appear light and full of air about 1 12 to 3 hours depending on the temperature of the room and of the dough.nFor the Pain au Raisin:nHave dough rolled to the 10 by 36inch rectangle. Use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of almond cream over the dough, spreading it all the way to the edges of the rectangle. Sprinkle the top of the almond cream with the hydrated raisins. Roll the dough toward you, starting at the long side. Try to keep the roll tight and even. Cut the roll into 1inchthick slices. You will have a tail on each slice. To close the pain au raisin, simply tuck the tail under the dough. Place the pain au raisin on a parchment covered baking sheet, spaced about 2 inches apart. Allow the Pain au Raisin to proof at room temperature until they have doubled in size and appear light and full of air about 1 12 to 3 hours depending on the temperature of the room and of the dough.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMake an egg wash by whisking together the egg yolks, whole egg, and milk in a small bowl until well combined. With a pastry brush, very gently coat the pastries completely with egg wash. Bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes.nLeftovers can be stored in the freezer if well wrapped in plastic wrap for up to 2 weeks. Thaw at room temperature and warm in the oven before serving.nFor the egg wash:nPrepare the dough: Melt the 3 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Allow the butter to cool to room temperature. It should be warm to the touch.nIn a small bowl, dissolve the yeast in the cold water. Place the flour, salt, sugar, milk, and melted butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Set the mixer on medium speed and mix just until the ingredients are dispersed, about 5 seconds. Add the dissolved yeast and beat on mediumhigh speed until the dough is well combined and no longer sticks to the sides of the bowl, about 1 minute. If the dough is too soft, add more flour 1 tablespoon at a time until it is firmer. The dough is too soft when it cannot hold its shape. If the dough is too hard, add cold water 1 tablespoon at a time until it has softened. The dough is too hard when it is difficult to mix in the mixer. Remove the dough from the mixing bowl. If the dough is slightly sticky and ropy, knead it with your hands for about 30 seconds, until it is smooth. Pat it into a ball. Place the dough on a lightly floured baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and let it proof at room temperature for about 30 minutes.nPlace the dough on a lightly floured work surface and roll it out to an 8 by 15inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Wrap the rectangle in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours. The cold retards the rising process, allowing a slow fermentation to help develop the flavor of the dough.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator, unwrap the rectangle, and place it with a long side facing you on a lightly floured work surface. Spread the softened butter evenly over the right two thirds of the dough. Incorporate the butter by folding the butterless left third of the dough over the center, Then fold the right third of the dough to the left, to resemble a folded letter. Roll this out into another 10 by 30inch rectangle about 18inch thick. Fold each short end of the dough to the middle so they meet but do not overlap. Then fold one half over the other half and, if necessary, rotate the dough so that the seam is on your right. Wrap the folded dough in plastic wrap and let it rest in the refrigerator for a minimum of 2 hours.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator, unwrap it, and place on a lightly floured work surface. Roll it into a 10 by 30inch rectangle and turn it so a long side faces you. Give the dough a single fold by folding the left third of the dough over the center, then fold the right third of the dough to the left. Now the dough should resemble a folded letter. Wrap in plastic wrap and let it rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place it on a lightly floured work surface. Roll out the dough into a 10 by 36inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Keep the thickness even and the edges straight. This will make it easier to cut the croissants or pain au chocolat.nFor pain au chocolat:nWith a sharp chefs knife, cut the dough into 3 12 by 4 12inch rectangles. Lay each rectangle on a lightly floured work surface, with a long side facing you, and place about 12 tablespoon of the chopped chocolate in the upper third of each one. Fold that third of the dough over the chocolate. Place about another 12 tablespoon of the chocolate along one seam of the folded dough. Fold the bottom third of the dough over the chocolate. At this stage, they can be frozen for up to 1 week if well wrapped in plastic wrap. Thaw on a parchment covered baking sheet overnight in the refrigerator before proceeding.nTurn over the pain au chocolat so the seams face down. This will keep them from opening as they bake. Place them on a parchment covered baking sheet spaced about 2 inches apart. Loosely cover the baking sheet with plastic wrap and allow the pain au chocolat to proof at room temperature until they have doubled in size and appear light and full of air, about 1 12 to 3 hours.nFor the Danish with apricots or cherries: Roll the dough into a 10 by 36inch rectangle. Roll up the dough into a long cylinder that is about 2 inches in diameter. Use a sharp knife to make cut 1 12inch slices and lay flat to see the spirals. Place on a parchment covered baking sheet. Allow the Danish to proof at room temperature until they have doubled in size and appear light and full of air about 1 12 to 3 hours. Use your fingers to make an indentationpocket in the center of the dough. Add a dollop of almond cream to the center of each Danish. Top with fruit I used canned apricots halves and cherries that have been drained on a wire rack placed over a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Place the apricot half cut side down onto the almond cream. Or use 3 to 4 cherries.nPlace the butter, sugar, and almond flour in a mediumsize mixing bowl and beat with an electric mixer set on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. The mixture will be dry and sandy until the butter begins to incorporate. Add the egg and mix well. Use a rubber spatula to scrape down the side of the bowl as needed. The egg is well incorporated when the mixture is light and creamy, about 3 minutes. It is important to allow time for this air to beat in, otherwise, the almond cream will be too heavy.nAdd the flour and beat on low speed just until it is no longer visible, about 30 seconds.nPour the almond cream into an airtight container and store in the refrigerator for up to 5 days. Allow it to come to room temperature before using and beat it lightly with an electric mixer set on medium speed until it returns to its initial volume and is once again light in texture and color.nPlace the raisins in a mixing bowl or glass jar and add water so that it covers the raisins by at least 12inch. Stir in the rum or flavored alcohol. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours. It is even better to allow the raisins to hydrate for 2 to 3 days. You can keep them in the refrigerator for a few weeks. When you are ready to use them, strain the amount that you need through a finemesh sieve before adding them to the recipe., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Scant 14 cup loosely packed fresh compressed yeast, Generous 12 cup cold water, 3 13 cups bread flour, plus extra if needed, 2 teaspoons salt, 13 cup granulated sugar, Generous 12 cup whole milk, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons room temperature unsalted butter, 9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, Almond cream, recipe follows, Hydrated Raisins, recipe follows, Almond cream, recipe follows, Canned fruit, For the egg wash:, 2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, Scant 14 cup whole milk, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon room temperature unsalted butter, Generous 12 cup granulated sugar, Generous 1 cup almond flour, 1 large egg, Scant 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup raisins, Water, as needed, 12 cup dark rum or flavored liquor], title: Croissants, Pain au Chocolat, Pain Raisin and Danish, picturelink: null}, 36979: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPour the orange juice into an 8 by 8inch pan. With the tip of a sharp knife, scrape the insides of the vanilla bean into the pan, reserving the outside pod. Place the nectarines cut side down in the pan. Sprinkle with sugar and lay the vanilla pod on top of the nectarines. Bake until the nectarines are slightly slumped and feel a little soft, about 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool in the pan to room temperature, then remove the nectarines from the pan and chill until ready to serve. Reserve any pan juices to pour over the nectarines later.nMeanwhile, blend the ricotta with the honey in a food processor until smooth. Chill until ready to serve. To serve, turn the nectarines over and spoon the cheese filling into the cavity. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar if using and serve immediately. Place 3 on each plate and drizzle the reserved pan juices over the stuffed nectarines., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, heated, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 nectarines, halved lengthwise and pitted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup skim milk ricotta, 3 tablespoons honey, Cinnamon sugar, for sprinkling optional], title: Ricotta Stuffed Oven Roasted Nectarines, picturelink: null}, 36980: {instructions: For the onions: In a saute pan over medium heat, add the butter and olive oil. When the butter starts to foam, add the onions, salt and sugar. Cook until the onions break down and are caramel in color, 25 to 30 minutes.nWhile the onions cook, start the Mayoli: In a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, olive oil, dried basil and granulated garlic. Refrigerate 30 minutes.nFor the burgers: Combine the lamb loin, granulated garlic, salt and pepper in a food processor and chop until completely ground. Divide the meat into 6 balls and then form into patties. In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and cook 3 of the burgers, about 3 minutes per side. Remove and keep warm on a plate under foil. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and cook the remaining 3 burgers, about 3 minutes per side.nButter the pita or rolls and toast in a skillet until golden brown, about 2 minutes. To serve, spread 1 pita with Mayoli, top with a lamb burger, some onions and 12 ounce of the feta. Close the burger with another pita. Continue until all 6 burgers are built., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 rack untrimmed lamb, loin removed from the bone and diced, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 6 tablespoons butter, softened, 12 small pitas or 6 soft rolls, split, 3 ounces feta cheese, divided], title: Lamb Burgers with Caramelized Red Onions, Mayoli and Feta, picturelink: SLbqspFrZyVWp5kL.JU1iEp18lvzvZS}, 36981: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBlend first 4 ingredients in a food processor. Add vegetables. Using onoff turns, pulse until vegetables are just minced. Drain excess liquid from vegetable mixture. Arrange 12 wonton wrappers on work surface. Lightly brush edges of wrappers with water. Spoon 1 tablespoon vegetable mixture into center of each wrapper. Top with remaining wonton wrappers, pressing to enclose filling completely. Using ravioli cutter or sharp knife, cut edges of wontons. Heat canola oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, fry dumplings until just golden, about 1 minute per side. Bake until dumplings are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer dumplings to serving tray. Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds. Serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon hot Chinesestyle mustard, 12 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 14ounce can chow mein vegetables, rinsed and drained very well, 24 square wonton wrappers, 12 cup canola oil, Toasted white sesame seeds, Black sesame seeds, For dipping: soy sauce, sweet and sour sauce, and hot Chinesestyle mustard], title: PanFried Dumplings, picturelink: NVdPjck2YboMbUKv3b.p.832lWURbG}, 36982: {instructions: Saute onion in oil, add beef and cook out. Add spices and cool. Blanch cabbage leaves for 1 minute and shock in an ice bath. Lay leaves on flat board on table, place a spoonful of beef in middle with 12 teaspoon of raw rice. Roll loosely and place in pot. Combine sauce ingredients and bring to simmer. Pour sauce over cabbage, cover with chicken stock and simmer for 2 hours, Take out of pot and plate., ingredients: [1 medium onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground beef, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 12 cup rice, uncooked, Cabbage, 2 pounds chopped tomato, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup chopped basil, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, Chicken stock enough to cover cabbage], title: Stuffed Cabbage with Spicy Beef, picturelink: null}, 36983: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the lemon juice, simple syrup, strawberries and ice in a blender. Puree until slushy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [23 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup simple syrup, 6 big strawberries, hulled, 2 heaping cups ice], title: Strawberry Lemonade Slushes, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 36984: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside 1 12 teaspoons of the drippings. Add the leek to the skillet with the bacon and cook until softened, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nCombine the milk, 1 tablespoon butter and the mustard powder in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir until the butter melts. Gradually add the cheese whisk until melted and smooth but do not boil. The sauce may look separated. Add the egg yolks and cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the Worcestershire sauce season with salt and pepper.nToast the bread and spread with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter cut in half. Top with the baconleek mixture, then cover with the cheese sauce. Toss the watercress with the vinegar and the reserved drippings rewarm if needed season with salt and pepper. Serve with the toast.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 leek white and light green parts only, sliced and well rinsed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 2 cups grated extrasharp cheddar cheese about 8 ounces, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 6 thick slices sourdough or other crusty bread, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar], title: Cheesy Bacon and Leek Toast, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 36985: {instructions: Preheat a grill to a medium heat. In a small bowl, combine the rosemary, olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Rub this mixture inside and outside the entire fish. Place lobster inside cavity of fish and wrap the fish in a plantain leaf. Grill over medium heat for about 5 minutes per side. The fish should be opaque when fully cooked. Serve with Curry Mango Mojito sauce.nIn a small bowl, gently mix all ingredients until well combined. Heat a small saute pan over medium heat and saute until warmed through. Serve with fish., ingredients: [2 sprigs rosemary, 1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, Sea salt and pepper, 1 1 to 1 12 pound whole red snapper, cleaned, 12 pound Caribbean lobster, cut into medallions, 1 plantain leaf, Curry Mango Mojito, recipe follows, 1 ripe mango, chopped into 12inch dice, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon curry paste, 1 teaspoon fresh basil, cut into chiffonade], title: Grilled Fresh Red Snapper Stuffed with Lobster in a Curry Mango Mojito, picturelink: null}, 36986: {instructions: Combine juice of 1 lime, the olive oil and half the garlic in a shallow bowl season with salt and pepper to taste. Add chicken, turn to coat.nMix the tomatoes, onion, cilantro and remaining garlic in bowl. In another bowl, blend the sour cream with the finely grated zest and juice of remaining lime. Season sauces with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat a grill to high. Grill chicken, turning once, 46 minutes per side. Transfer to cutting board, slice. Brush the tortillas with olive oil and toast on grill, 30 seconds a side. Transfer to platter and season with salt. Spread some avocado on each tortilla, top with chicken, tomatoes and crema. Serve with Bushsu00ae Texas Ranchero Grillin Beansu00ae., ingredients: [2 limes, 3 Tbsp extravirgin olive oil, 1 small clove garlic, finely minced, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, about 1 pound, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 14 white onion, diced, 1 12 Tbsp chopped cilantro, 1 cup sour cream, 4 6inch corn tortillas, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and diced, Bushsu00ae Texas Ranchero Grillin Beansu00ae], title: Grilled Chicken Breast Tostada and Lime Crema with Bushs Texas Ranchero Grillin Beans, picturelink: 7KmZkBe.a9cN.JElsWflQU4lCf1Oq}, 36987: {instructions: Prepare a large bowl of ice water. Set aside.nTrim the Brussels sprouts and peel off 1 outer layer of leaves. Cut the sprouts in half lengthwise, larger sprouts can be quartered. Place the sprouts in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and add about 2 tablespoons of salt. Bring the sprouts to a boil and drain immediately. Transfer the sprouts to the bowl of ice water. This will stop the cooking and preserve their color. Drain well.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. When the butter is melted, add the Brussels sprouts. Cook for 1 minute then add the sliced cabbage. Cook until the cabbage has softened and the sprouts are warmed through. Season with salt and pepper and serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small red cabbage or 12 large cabbage, finely sliced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Brussels Sprouts and Red Cabbage, picturelink: ZUFfwz8PLVEqYbkckS9BfPvNm5NxANG}, 36988: {instructions: Game Plan: Slice the garlic and onions while the water boils. Wash and tear the greens while the onions brown.nBring a large pot of cold water to a boil and salt it generously. Cook garlic in olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes take care that the garlic doesnt get too brown or it will be bitter. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the garlic chips to a paper towel. Pour off and reserve all but 2 tablespoons oil. Add the onions and red pepper add a little more if you like things spicy to the skillet and cook, stirring, until light brown, about 10 minutes. Season with the 1 12 teaspoons salt.nWhen the onions are almost done, add the greens to the boiling water and cook, uncovered, just until tender, about 2 minutes. Using tongs, lift the greens from the water, shake off the excess water, add them to the onions, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes.nBring a fresh pot of water to a boil. Salt it generously, add the spaghetti, and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Scoop out and reserve about 1 cup of the cooking water drain the pasta. Transfer the pasta to a serving bowl and toss with the cheese. Add the greens and some of the reserved pasta water and toss, adding more water as necessary to keep the pasta from clumping. Scatter the garlic chips over the top and serve., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for pasta water, 16 cloves peeled garlic, thinly sliced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium yellow onions, halved and sliced, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 cups torn greens, such as mustard, kale, chard, escarole, or a mix, 12 ounces spaghetti, 14 cup grated pecorino Romano cheese], title: Spaghetti with Spicy Greens and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 36989: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.nUsing 12cup measuring cup coated with cooking spray divide warm cereal mixture into portions. Using buttered hands shape each portion into ghost shape. Cool. Decorate with coconut, frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, flaked coconut, canned frosting or decorating gel, assorted candies], title: Coconut Ghost Treats TM, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 36990: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 inches olive oil in a deep skillet over medium high heat. Cut each pound of mozzarella and smoked mozzarella into 16 cubes. Set up a breading station: flour, 2 eggs beaten with 13 cup milk, Italian bread crumbs mixed with a couple of handfuls of grated cheese. Reserve the chopped parsley. Roll fresh plain mozzarella in flour, dip in egg, then coat in bread crumbs. Bread all the plain mozzarella, then add chopped parsley to the bread crumbs. Coat the cubed smoked mozzarella in flour, egg, then Italian bread crumbs mixed with parsley. The chopped parsley will allow you to distinguish between the fresh and fresh smoked cheese once fried. Place herbs into hot oil and fry 30 to 45 seconds. Be careful not to stand over pan, the oil will spatter a little because of the water content in herbs. Remove herbs with a slotted kitchen tool and transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Season immediately with fine salt. Fry the mozzarella bites in batches in a single layer. Cook until evenly deep golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and cool mozzarella bites on a paper towellined surface. Let stand and cool a few minutes so that the cheese will not be too runny when bitten into.nFor dipping sauce, heat a small saucepan over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, garlic and crushed pepper flakes. Saute garlic and hot pepper 2 or 3 minutes, and add tomatoes. Season with salt.nTo assemble your serving plate, pile mozzarella bites, alternating them with fried herbs. Set the dipping sauce in a bowl along side the balls and pile bamboo skewers or party picks on the edge of the plate to spear and dip the bites.nAdd some mixed olives, celery sticks, long bread sticks to round out this finger food selection., ingredients: [Olive oil, for frying, 1 pound ball fresh mozzarella, buy a piece wrapped, not packed in water, 1 pound fresh smoked mozzarella, found in the specialty cheese case, 1 cup all purpose flour, 2 eggs, 13 cup milk, eyeball it, 2 cups Italian style bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan or Romano, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 8 stems or large sprigs each fresh parsley, sage, thyme, Fine salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, moderate to hot heat level, eyeball the amount, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, Coarse salt, Bamboo skewers, 6inch, or party picks, for dipping], title: Fried Mozzarella Bites, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 36991: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake pan with 24 mini cupcake liners or a regularsize cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the water, mayonnaise and cocoa powder together. Add the granulated sugar and flour mixture and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes. Using a bowl scraper, fold in the chocolate chips. Fill the cupcake liners twothirds full with batter and bake until golden and baked through, 25 to 35 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely. For the filling: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, combine the ricotta cheese, powdered sugar and tangerine zest on low speed until all components are thoroughly combined. For the ganache: Bring the heavy whipping cream to a slight boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Immediately remove from heat and pour over chocolate chips in a glass or heat resistant bowl. Gently stir the mixture until all of the chocolate chips have melted. Set in the refrigerator to expedite the cooling and thickening process. For the candied tangerines: Slice the tangerines into 12 mediumthin slices. Sprinkle a thick layer of sugar in a medium saucepan and lay the tangerine slices in the sugar. Sprinkle another thick layer of sugar over the top of the tangerine slices and cook the fruit over mediumhigh heat until caramel in color. Remove the pan from the heat and remove the tangerine slices onto a heatresistant plate using tongs. To assemble: Core the cupcakes by taking a small knife to the center of each one and cutting in a circle from the top to bottom of the cake. Fill this hole with the tangerine cheese until the filling reaches the top of the cake. Using a knife, place a smattering of chocolate ganache on the top of the cupcake near the filling. Stick a wedge of the Tuile Cookie into the filling and garnish with a slice of candied tangerine. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and powdered sugar. Add the egg whites, one at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla extract and the flour and mix until all the ingredients are thoroughly combined. With an offset spatula, spread the tuile cookie dough onto the lined cookie sheet to about 18inch thick. Bake until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool completely. Mix the purple food coloring, vodka and cornstarch together until the desired consistency of foodsafe paint is acquired. Using a medium round brush, splatter the paint onto the tuile cookie in an abstract fashion. Break the cookie into imperfect shapes about 3inch pieces., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup hot water, 34 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup cocoa powder, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup chocolate chips, 3 cups ricotta cheese, 34 cup powdered sugar, 3 tangerines, zested, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 14 cups chocolate chips, 3 tangerines, Granulated sugar, Tuile Cookie, recipe follows, 1 stick butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 4 egg whites, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Purple food coloring, Vodka, Cornstarch], title: Chocolate Tangerine Cannoli Cupcakes, picturelink: oz3GL2jSCPlLU9SsWgx5sPIf1mmN.C}, 36992: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nSeason lamb with salt and pepper. Brush lamb with Dijon mustard, to coat. Dredge in breadcrumbs. Place on a rack into the oven for 20 minutes. Remove and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [3 racks of lamb, 6 bones each, frenched, Salt and pepper, Dijon mustard, Seasoned bread crumbs, for dredging], title: Oven Roasted Rack of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 36993: {instructions: For the mozzarella sticks and chicken fingers: Fill a Dutch oven halfway with oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the flour, eggs and crushed party mix to 3 separate shallow dishes. Coat the cheese and chicken pieces first in flour, then egg, letting the excess drip off, and then coat in the snack mix. Fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove to a papertowellined plate to drain and then season with salt and pepper.nFor the poppers: Halve the jalapenos lengthwise, removing the seeds and leaving the stems on. In a mixing bowl, stir together the cream cheese, horseradish, honey, mustard, Worcestershire, cayenne, garlic and some salt and pepper. Spoon this mixture into each of the split jalapenos and brush with oil. Bake until the tops are brown and the skins are slightly blistered, 10 to 12 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Open the each roll and layer with fried mozzarella, chicken tenders and jalapeno poppers. Top with a piece of lettuce, a couple slices of tomato and Jeffs Homemade Buttermilk Ranch Dressing.nMix the mayonnaise, buttermilk, dill, garlic, honey, mustard, salt and pepper in a bowl. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 1 cup flour, 3 eggs, beaten, One 8ounce bag party snack mix, pulsed in a food processor until fine, 6 individual string cheeses, cut in half, 1 pound chicken tenders, cut into 1inch pieces about 8, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 medium jalapenos, 2 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon grainy mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Pinch cayenne, Pinch ground garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for brushing, 8 soft French rolls, 12 head Bibb lettuce, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced thin, Jeffs Buttermilk Ranch, recipe follows, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 1teaspoon fresh dill, minced, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch salt, Pinch ground black pepper], title: Sampler Platter Sub, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 36994: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and 12 cup water over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 15 minutes.nIn a blender, puree the syrup, vodka, vermouth, lime juice and pears until smooth. For each drink, pour some of the pear mixture into an icefilled cocktail shaker and shake well. Pour into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with pear slices and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup vodka, 14 cup dry vermouth, 14 cup fresh lime juice from 3 large limes, Two 8ounce ripe pears, such as Comice, peeled, stemmed, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, Ice, 12 unpeeled pear, cored and cut into 14inchthick slices, for garnish], title: Peartini, picturelink: 7ojT50i1vS8DehCPWEfpgLkQqWySsi}, 36995: {instructions: For the shrimp sauce: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions and turkey bacon for 3 minutes. Add the garlic, clam juice, diced tomatoes, Italian seasoning and sugar. Simmer for 25 minutes.nSprinkle the shrimp with salt, pepper and the smoked paprika. In a small skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat and saute the shrimp for 1 minute. Transfer the shrimp to the tomato sauce and simmer for 2 minutes.nFor the polenta: Bring 3 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in the polenta and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 10 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream, Parmesan, butter and lemon zest. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Divide the polenta between shallow serving bowls and top each with some shrimp and sauce. Garnish with the turkey bacon and parsley., ingredients: [1 pound 1620 count shrimp, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup diced onions, 2 tablespoons chopped turkey bacon, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 cup clam juice, 16 ounces canned diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons chopped cooked turkey bacon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: LoLa Shrimp and Parmesan Polenta Grits with Tomato Basil Concasse, picturelink: HyEydaw.5YJruzEoalnM4nlAf0NXTi}, 36996: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with gray salt and fennel spice, pressing the spice into the chicken breasts.nIn a deepsided ovenproof skillet, heat the olive oil. Add the chicken, skin side down, and saute for 3 minutes to brown. Place the pan in the oven, uncovered, for 10 minutes.nRemove from the oven and turn the chicken over and place skin side up on a baking sheet. Return chicken to the oven until cooked through, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pieces to a platter.nUsing the same pan used for the chicken, add the shallot to the fat in the pan. Add salt and pepper, cook for 2 minutes. Add the chopped rosemary and let sweat for 1 minute, then add the grape juice. Reduce by half and add the chicken stock. Reduce the sauce by half again, for about 1 cup of sauce. Add the grapes and cook just to heat through, about 1 minute.nSpoon the grapes and sauce over the chicken and garnish with sprigs of fresh rosemary.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carfelly, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender or spice grinder and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blendergrinder occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nYield: 1 14 cups, ingredients: [4 bonein chicken breast halves, Gray salt, 2 tablespoons Fennel Spice Rub, recipe follows, or fennel seeds, toasted and ground, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup sliced shallots, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 cups grape juice, 2 cups chicken stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup halved seedless red grapes, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Chicken alla Vendemia, picturelink: null}, 36997: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse and pat the meat dry. Place in a sealable plastic bag or small glass dish. In a medium bowl combine 1 tablespoon of the lime juice, soy sauce, canola oil, brown sugar, garlic, ginger and red curry paste. Pour half the mixture into the bag with the meat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons lime juice to the bag. Seal tightly, and marinate meat in refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight, turning occasionally. Reserve the rest of the mixture refrigerated, to dress the salad.nSpray grill or grill pan with cooking spray and preheat. Grill steak until mediumrare, about 5 minutes per side, depending on desired doneness. Let rest until room temperature then slice thinly against the grain.nCombine lettuce, sliced shallot, cilantro, basil and beef in a salad bowl, reserving a few shallots for garnish. Add the reserved dressing and toss to coat. Divide salad among 4 plates and garnish with reserved sliced shallots., ingredients: [1 pound topround London broil or flank steak, about 1 to 1 12inches thick, 3 tablespoons lime juice, divided, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 14 teaspoons red curry paste or chiligarlic sauce, 12 head redleaf lettuce, torn about 6 cups, 3 shallots, thinly sliced about 12 cup, divided, for garnish, 12 cup cilantro leaves, rinsed and dried, 1 cup basil leaves, sliced into ribbons], title: Grilled Thai Beef Salad, picturelink: JR4SQedwzvngoH1kqYm9mRF4KROy3Xi}, 36998: {instructions: Chop the garlic until it is fine, either in a food processor fitted with the steel blade or by hand. Heat the oil on high heat in a Dutch oven or large saucepan with at least a 5quart capacity. Add the garlic and cook until light brown.nStir in the tomatoes, juice, and quarts of water. Add the pepper, parsley, basil, sugar and salt. Stir again.When the sauce begins to boil, reduce the heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup garlic cloves, peeled, 34 cup vegetable oil, Two 28 ounce cans crushed, peeled tomatoes, including juice, 2 quarts water, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried parsley leaves, crumbled, 1 14 teaspoons dried basil leaves, crumbled, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 14 teaspoons salt], title: Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 36999: {instructions: Make seasoned flour with salt, pepper, dry mustard and cayenne pepper.nIn a food processor finely mince the leg meat, add the egg white and seasoning and blend to a paste. Flatten the fillets and flour lightly. Lay a piece of bacon cut to fit on one fillet, spread a layer of the mousseline of rabbit and egg white onto the bacon and lay your sorrel of sage leaves on top of this. Place the other rabbit fillet on top to make a parcel.nIn a heavylidded frying pan melt the butter and gently fry the onion, add the rabbit parcel and brown, turning carefully. Season, pour on white wine, cover and cook gently for 10 minutes turning the parcel halfway through.nCheck that the rabbit is tender and cooked through, and serve with garlicpureed potatoes and a green vegetable., ingredients: [1ounce plain allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 young rabbit per person, fillets and leg meat removed, 1 egg white, 1 slice good bacon per two rabbit fillets, Sorrel or sage leaves, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, Glass white wine], title: Rabbit Isabel, picturelink: null}, 37000: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric mixer with paddle attachmentnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUse an electric mixer to cream together the butter, sugar, and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolk and molasses and mix well.nIn a separate bowl, combine the flour, espresso, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, baking soda, and salt. Mix the dry ingredients into the butter mixture. The dough will be quite soft.nRoll the dough into tight 1inch round logs, wrap snugly in parchment paper or plastic wrap, and chill until firm see Cooks Note.nUnwrap the dough and slice into 14inch rounds. Pour some sugar into a shallow dish. Press the top of each cookie into the sugar and then place cookies sugar side up on a parchment paperlined sheet pan about 2 inches apart. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Do not over bake the cookies will become snappy once they have cooled completely. Transfer them to a wire cooling rack to cool for 5 minutes., ingredients: [23 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, plus sugar for dusting the cookies, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons blackstrap molasses, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground espresso, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Snappy Gingers, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 37001: {instructions: Cut each chicken into 8 pieces. Remove the skin but not the bones. Season generously with salt and pepper.nHeat vegetable oil to 300 degrees F. On 3 separate soup plates, put the flour, eggs and bread crumbs, and dip all chicken pieces first in flour, then eggs, and finally bread crumbs. Shake off excess crumbs.nFry chicken pieces for about 12 to 14 minutes until nice and brown. Drain on paper towels.nFry the parsley for about 30 seconds. Remove, drain on paper towels, and sprinkle over chicken.nDivide onto 4 plates. Sprinkle with parsley and serve with half a lemon., ingredients: [1 2 12 pound chickens, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, 4 cups panko or bread crumbs, 1 cup parsley leaves, 2 lemons], title: Viener Backhendl: Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 37002: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients together in a large resealable plastic bag. Place in a bowl, to catch any leaks, and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the turkey breast from the brine, drain well and pat dry with paper towels.nPlace the turkey breast, skinside up, on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack. Place in the oven and cook for 1 hour 15 minutes. Turn the oven up to 400 degrees F and cook for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until the internal temperature is 160 degrees F and the skin is nicely browned. Remove from the oven, cover with aluminum foil and let rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the grill to medium heat and oil the grates generously with vegetable oil.nOnce the turkey has rested, cut the meat off the bone and carve into 38inch thick slices. Place the slices on the grill and cook 1 to 2 minutes on each side, just until grill marks develop.nRemove from the grill. Use in a Po Boy or as main course., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound turkey breast, bonein, 3 cups buttermilk, 12 cup hot sauce recommended: Crystal, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: ButtermilkBrined Turkey Breast, picturelink: 0.JYXClLaicXmJYMSnUvx1OaP5S3d.}, 37003: {instructions: Mix the flour, 1 12 cups water and salt together knead to form the dough. Pinch off a golf ball size piece of dough and use your hands to flatten into a round shape. Set the dough on a piece of plastic and cover with another piece of plastic. Use the back of a heavy castiron pan to flatten the dough. Transfer the tortilla to a hot, dry skillet. Cook for about 30 seconds on each side. Remove and keep the tortilla warm., ingredients: [2 cups very fine corn flour masa harina, 1 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Chucks Homemade Corn Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 37004: {instructions: For Pastry: Combine flour, salt and butter. Mix in water to form dough. Knead lightly into a ball and let rest for 1 hour. Roll pastry out to cover top of pie dish, leaving enough of an overhang to form a secure edge and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, place whole chicken in pot with water to cover. Add bay leaf, thyme and parsley. Cover and simmer 25 minutes. Remove chicken and cool. Cut into 1inch cubes.nMelt butter in saucepan over medium heat and add flour. Stir well and cook 1 minute to make roux. Strain 58 cup chicken stock and add to roux, whisking well, to make sauce. Season with salt and pepper and add cream and wine. Whisk again until smooth and simmer for 5 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place 12 of chicken in bottom of pie dish, cover with onion, then celery, then ham. Heat a little clarified butter in small saucepan and fry mushrooms for 1 minute. Add mushrooms to pie dish, along with lemon juice. Top this with remaining chicken and pour sauce on top of it all. Secure pastry to pie dish with water. Cut air hole in top of dough and paint dough with egg yolk. Bake 40 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup butter, cut into small pieces, 2 cups flour, sifted, Salt, 12 cup water, 1 3pound chicken, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig thyme, 6 parsley stalks, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 58 cup chicken stock, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 12 cup cream, 14 cup white wine, 12 medium onion, finely sliced, 12 cup celery, finely sliced, 4 ounces sliced ham, Clarified butter, 1 cup mushrooms, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 egg yolk], title: Parramatta Pie, picturelink: null}, 37005: {instructions: Prepare lobster: Place live lobster on its stomach and drive a sharp knife into point where tail meets head to kill lobster. Halve crosswise where tail meets chest cavity. Drain liquids from both halves into a small bowl, and spoon tomalley and coral, if lobster is female into another small bowl tomalley is a dark graygreen mass in the head section or upper tail coral will appear as dark red or black roe. Twist off claws close to lobster body, split again at elbow and crack each piece with a heavy knife. Discard head. Split tail in half, lengthwise, and remove brown intestinal vein. Halve each piece crosswise. You will have 8 pieces in all. Alternatively, lightly steam lobster and cool before cutting in 8 pieces.nIn a large, heavy saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. Add onions and cook until wilted. Turn heat to high and add lobster pieces to saucepan as soon as they are ready. saute, shaking pan, 4 to 5 minutes until shells turn bright red. Push lobster to sides and add chicken breasts, skin side down. Cover and cook 5 to 6 minutes, until just cooked through. Using a slotted spoon, remove lobster and chicken pieces. When cool enough to handle, remove meat from lobster and chicken pieces and return shells and bones to saucepan. Meanwhile, deglaze pan with sherry and brandy, scraping bottom of pan to incorporate all browned bits. Add fish stock, white wine, reserved lobster liquids, chopped tomatoes and herbs bring to a boil, partially cover and reduce heat to simmering.nPrepare the sauce: In a food processor, process nuts to a fine powder. Add reserved lobster tomalley and coral, garlic, chocolate, sugar and saffron. Process until smooth. Strain lobster stock into a bowl and discard shells and bones. If desired, chill stock and remove any fat that accumulates on top reheat before continuing. Transfer sauce to a saucepan and beat in hot stock, whisking well to combine. Simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. For smoothest texture, strain soup again into cleaned saucepan and return to a simmer. Stir in arrowroot in a thin stream, whisking until soup thickens slightly. Slice reserved lobster and chicken meat, add to soup and warm for 5 minutes. Serve sprinkled with parsley., ingredients: [1 1 14 pound lobster, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped onions, 3 chicken breast halves, bone in, 12 cup dry Fino sherry, 2 tablespoons Spanish brandy, 3 cups fish stock, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 cup peeled, seeded and chopped fresh or canned tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, plus additional for garnish, 16 blanched almonds, 10 hazelnuts, 1 large clove garlic, 1 12 teaspoons grated unsweetened chocolate, 18 teaspoon sugar, Pinch saffron dissolved in 2 to 3 tablespoons hot fish stock, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, dissolved in 3 to 4 tablespoons cold water], title: Catalan Surf and Turf Sopa de Langosta con Pollo, picturelink: null}, 37006: {instructions: In a large saucepan, add the milk and 3 ounces of the dark and white chocolates. Turn onto medium heat and stir constantly. When the chocolate begins to melt, add the remaining chocolate and the sugars, and continue constantly stirring with a wire whisk until the chocolate is completely melted. Pour the hot chocolate into coffee cup and top with marshmallows. Brulee with a blow torch. Top with whip cream and toasted coconut., ingredients: [8 cups milk, 6 ounces dark chocolate, 6 ounces white chocolate, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, Marshmallows, for topping, Whipped cream, for topping, Toasted coconut, for topping], title: Coconut Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 37007: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes, adding the red onions during the last 4 minutes of cooking. Remove with a slotted spoon blot dry with paper towels.nPrepare a large bowl of ice water. Return the pot of water to a boil add the Brussels sprouts and cook until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain and immediately transfer to the ice water. Stir a few times until cooled, then drain the Brussels sprouts blot dry with paper towels. The vegetables can be prepared to this point up to 2 hours ahead cover and refrigerate.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the thyme, vinegar and honey and bring to a simmer. Add the vegetables and toss until glazed and heated through, about 3 minutes, adding a few tablespoons of water if necessary. Season with salt and pepper and toss with the parsley.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds baby redskinned potatoes, 2 red onions, cut into 1inch wedges, 2 pounds small Brussels sprouts, trimmed, tough outer leaves removed, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Glazed Brussels Sprouts and Potatoes, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 37008: {instructions: In a large pot, heat up the extravirgin olive oil and saute the garlic, onion, carrot, celery, and pancetta for 5 minutes. Add the fresh sage and rosemary, allowing the olive oil to absorb the flavors of the herbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the beans and cook for a few minutes. With the back of a fork, mash up a quarter of the beans and add 1 cup water. Break the uncooked spaghetti into thirds using your hands and add into pot. Stir for about a minute. Add the remaining 3 12 cups water and bring to a boil. Cook for about 15 minutes, allowing the water to reduce until it becomes a thick consistency.nLet rest for 10 minutes off the heat. Add the freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, parsley, and finish with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 1 small celery stalk, finely chopped, 3 ounces pancetta, diced, 3 fresh sage leaves, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cannellini beans, 4 14 cups water, 12 pound spaghetti, 12 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, Fresh parsley, finely chopped], title: Pasta E Fagioli, picturelink: null}, 37009: {instructions: Slice the tomatoes 14inch thick. Lay them out in a shallow baking pan and sprinkle with salt. Place the tomato slices in a colander and allow time for the salt to pull the water out of the tomatoes, approximately 30 minutes. In a skillet, heat the oil for deepfrying over medium high heat. Dip the tomatoes into buttermilk, then dredge them in flour. Deepfry until golden brown. Keep warm.nMeanwhile, prepare Hollandaise Sauce.nTo assemble each serving, place 2 fried tomatoes on a plate. Top with 2 strips of cooked bacon in a crisscross fashion. Top bacon with a poached egg, spoon on Hollandaise Sauce.nCombine all ingredients in the top of a double boiler, over boiling water. Stir until thick, approximately 3 minutes set aside until ready to use. Do not reheat or cover the pot. Thin, if needed with a little chicken broth. Stir in the vinegar., ingredients: [3 or 4 large firm green tomatoes, Salt, 2 cups vegetable or peanut oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups selfrising flour, 6 slices bacon, cut in half and cooked until crisp, 6 eggs, poached, Hollandaise sauce, recipe follows, 2 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons cream, 2 large tablespoons butter, 12 lemon, juiced, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar, Chicken broth, optional, 1 tablespoon white vinegar], title: Paulas Fried Green Tomato and Egg Hollandaise, picturelink: KSGz0R..v0BXlT9uSe4kkvqSGN91WC}, 37010: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace sugar in a saucepan. Pour water around the sides of the pan. Make an X with your finger across the sugar. Cook over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan, until the mixture turns a caramel color. Remove from the heat, add the butter carefully as it will bubble up, add popped corn, and toasted nuts. Pour onto a silicone baking mat or foil lined cookie sheet. Break into clusters while still warm.nTo make popcorn on the stove: put 2 to 3 tablespoons oil in a large pot with high sides, and add 1 kernel of corn. Heat oil over mediumhigh heat until the kernel pops. Add 13 cup corn kernels and shake pan continuously until all the kernels are popped., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 23 cup water, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups Popped Corn, recipe follows, 12 cup toasted pecans, 12 cup toasted cashews], title: Caramel Corn, picturelink: ZPCzRAOE8282tk0tNT0T3ZTpXKemwK}, 37011: {instructions: Make a deep pocket in the side of the steak or steaks. Beat butter with scallion, ground cumin, salt and pepper to taste, cheese and drops of lemon juice. Preheat grill or broiler.nYou can first give the swordfish a barbecued smoky flavor in the following way. Open windows wide. Line a wok with foil. Set some hardwood chips in wok. Set a cake rack 2 inches above hardwood and set swordfish on rack. Heat wok and when smoke rises, cover fish lightly with foil, then with wok lid and smoke for 4 minutes. Remove from heat.nStuff fish with mixture and grill or broil 2 inches away from heat source 3 to 4 minutes a side or until just cooked through. Cut into thin diagonal slices and serve over roasted pepper salad., ingredients: [1820 ounce swordfish steaks, skin removed, Optional  hardwood chips, wok, foil and cake rack for impromptu indoor barbecue smoker, 4 tablespoons room temperature unsalted butter, 1 scallion, finely sliced, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces grated Monterey Jack cheese, Vegetable oil], title: Indoor Fish Barbecue, picturelink: null}, 37012: {instructions: In a heavyduty sealable plastic bag or between 2 sheets of waxed paper, crush all peppercorns and fennel seeds coarsely, using the bottom of a heavy skillet. Pat steaks dry and coat both sides with peppercorn mixture.nIn a 10inch heavy skillet, heat butter and oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook steaks for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare. Season steaks with salt and transfer to plates.nPour off excess fat from skillet and add cream and Cognac. Boil mixture, scraping up browned bits, until sauce thickens and coats back of spoon, about 1 minute. Season sauce with salt and spoon over steaks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons white peppercorns, 2 teaspoons dried green peppercorns, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 4 boneless shell steaks 34 pound each, about 1 14 inches thick, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup Cognac or brandy, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steak au Poivre, picturelink: null}, 37013: {instructions: Toss 1 pound thinly sliced button mushrooms with 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley, dill and chives in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Mushroom Salad, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 37014: {instructions: Descale the fish under water, using the back edge of the knife. Then, with a sharp knife, slit down the back of the fish and carefully remove the fillets No bones allowed Squeeze the juice from the limes. Slice the onion and then dice it. Blanch the tomatoes in boiling water  cool and then peel off the skin and remove the pips. Measure the tomato juice and oil. Wash, dry and finely chop the cilantro. Smash the clove of garlic. Carefully remove the pips from the pepper. Place the fillets of fish into a mincer and when minced pour the lime juice over it and season with salt and pepper set aside in a large bowl and refrigerate for up to 2 hours or until opaque. Before serving, toss with the remainder of the ingredients and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds sea bass or red snapper fillet, 7 limes, 1 medium onion, 8 fluid ounces tomato juice, 10 ounces tomatoes, 1ounce serrano chili pepper, 1 level tablespoon cilantro, 1 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable, 4 cloves, 12 teaspoon oregano, Salt, White pepper], title: Ceviche, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 37015: {instructions: Wash and trim the broccolini and steam for 5 minutes, until it is crisp yet tender. Drain.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Drizzle the dressing over the broccolini and toss to coat., ingredients: [1 pound broccolini, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Broccolini, picturelink: PTzUizQfWGeYl2k6drxB3veWYskSnpi}, 37016: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet aside 8 to 12 raspberries for garnish. Put the remaining raspberries in a saucepan with the lemon juice and 14 cup of the granulated sugar. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Strain out the seeds and set aside to cool.nIn a food processor, add the cookies, butter, 13 cup of the white chocolate chips and the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and pulse until finely chopped. Press into the bottom and sides of a 9inch deepdish pie pan. Refrigerate while you make the filling.nSet aside about 1 tablespoon of white chocolate chips for garnish. In a double boiler or a microwave, melt the remaining white chocolate chips. Set aside to cool a bit.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and vanilla until fluffy. Add the powdered sugar and beat until smooth. Slowly add the melted chocolate and beat to incorporate. Pour in the raspberry puree and beat to incorporate.nSpread the raspberry mixture into the crust and decorate with the reserved raspberries. Chop up the reserved chocolate chips and scatter over the top. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 pint raspberries, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup granulated sugar, One 10ounce package shortbread cookies, such as Lorna Doone, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, One 12ounce package white chocolate chips, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup powdered sugar], title: White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 37017: {instructions: For the brisket: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nLay the sliced onions in the bottom of a roasting pan. Place the brisket on top of the onions and season with salt and pepper. Top with the garlic cloves and ale. Cover tightly with foil and roast until tender, 5 to 6 hours. Loosen the cover and let cool to room temperature.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the jalapeno and diced onion and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the pureed chipotle peppers and cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nRemove any excess fat from the cooled brisket with a spatula. Slice the brisket across the grain into 1 12inchthick pieces and gently pull the meat apart by hand. Place the meat in a large bowl and season with the granulated garlic, paprika, 1 teaspoon pepper and 2 teaspoons salt. Add the cooked onion and jalapeno mixture and toss gently to combine.nFor the biscuits: Increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the 2 sticks of cold butter until the mixture is crumbly, being careful not to overmix. Add the Cheddar. Add the buttermilk a little at a time, just until the mixture is combined and moist. Turn the mixture out onto a lightly floured surface. Gently roll or press the dough into a 1inchthick rectangle. Cut the dough into 4by4inch squares or use a large biscuit cutter, place on the baking sheet and brush with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Brush with additional melted butter while the biscuits are still warm. Set aside.nFor the chipotle sauce: Combine the guacamole, mayonnaise, chipotle peppers and lemon juice in a medium bowl and mix well. Season with salt, cover and refrigerate.nTo serve: Heat the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until deep golden brown, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLoosely wrap the biscuits in foil and place in the oven until warm. For each sandwich, place 6 to 8 ounces of the brisket mixture in a small saute pan. Heat until very warm, stirring so the brisket does not brown. Turn off the heat and top with 1 slice of Cheddar and some caramelized onions. Cover the pan until the cheese melts. Cut the warm biscuit in half lengthwise and fill with the brisket mixture. Top with the desired amount of chipotle sauce and serve., ingredients: [4 yellow onions, 2 sliced and 2 finely diced, One 4pound beef brisket pointcut or flatcut, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, 6 cups ale, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 large jalepenos, minced, 3 to 4 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, pureed, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, plus more melted butter, for brushing, 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar, 1 12 to 2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup homemade or storebought guacamole, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 to 4 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, pureed, 14 cup lemon juice, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 yellow onions, sliced, 6 to 8 slices white or yellow Cheddar], title: Chipotle Brisket Sandwich on a Cheddar Biscuit, picturelink: null}, 37018: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare 1 batch of corn custard and set aside. Dry roast all the vegetable rounds until wrinkly, but not too brown. Let cool. Meanwhile, spray 8 souffle dishes with pan coating. Line the edges of the dishes with the leeks horizontally. Arrange 3 to 4 carrot rounds on the bottom of each dish making a flower. Follow layers in this order: zucchini, tomatoes, eggplant, yellow squash, and red peppers. Place the rounds in concentric circles fully covering the previous layer.nLadle the corn custard over the entire timbale. Once the custard is up to the lip, cover with spinach leaves. Press the leaves lightly into the custard to coat.nCover with foil and bake until the custards reach a temperature of 150 degrees F.nPut corn in a bowl. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs with the cream, just enough to blend and add to the corn. Add the remaining ingredients and blend. Pour over timbales and bake., ingredients: [Corn Custard, recipe follows, 1 to 2 leeks, green part only reserving the white for other uses, blanched and cut inhalf lengthwise, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into 14inch rounds, 3 zucchini, sliced into 14inch rounds, 3 tomatoes, sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 eggplant, sliced into 14inch rounds, 3 yellow squash, sliced into 14inch rounds, Roasted red peppers, Spinach leaves, 4 cups raw corn, cut from the cob, 8 eggs, 4 cups cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoons fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper], title: Vegetable Timbales, picturelink: null}, 37019: {instructions: Soak a thinly sliced red onion in water for 15 minutes drain. Whisk 1 12 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar and 1 tablespoon capers. Whisk in 13 cup olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss with 1 pound shredded carrots, 2 thinly sliced celery stalks, the onion slices and 14 cup chopped dill.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: CarrotMustard Slaw, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 37020: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pancetta: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray 2 baking sheets with vegetable oil cooking spray. Arrange the pancetta in a single layer on each baking sheet. Bake until golden and crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes.nFor the jam: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, figs, and brandy or apple juice over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Pour into a food processor and add the hazelnuts. Blend until smooth and thick.nPreheat a panini press. Spread the bottom half of each roll with the jam. Place 4 slices of cooked pancetta on top and add 2 slices of cheese. Place the top half of the roll on top of the cheese. Grill in a panini maker until the bread is toasted and the cheese has melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Cool slightly and serve.nCooks Notes:nTo toast the hazelnuts, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 8 to 10 minutes until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using.n For easier slicing, freeze the cheese for 15 minutes, ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 16 thin slices pancetta, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 dried black mission figs, 3 tablespoons brandy or apple juice, 12 cup hazelnuts, toasted see Cooks Notes, 4 ciabatta rolls, halved lengthwise, 8 ounces Brie, rind removed, cut into 8 slices see Cooks Notes], title: Breakfast Panini, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 37021: {instructions: 1. Add boiling water to gelatin mix in a medium bowl stir for 2 min. or until completely dissolved.n2. Microwave evaporated milk and chocolate in microwaveable bowl on high for 2 min. or until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended, stirring after each minute. Add to gelatin whisk until blended.n3. Pour into 14 3 oz.} paper cups sprayed with cooking spray. Refrigerate for 15 min.n4. Top with cherries, pressing in slightly to stick. Refrigerate 20 min. or until firm. Unmold to serve.nVariation: Substitute minimuffin pan or ice cube tray for paper cups., ingredients: [13 cups boiling Water, 1 pkg. 3 oz. JELLO Cherry Flavor Gelatin, 1 can 5 oz. Evaporated Milk, 2 squares BAKERS SemiSweet Chocolate, coarsely chopped, 14 maraschino cherries with stems, drained], title: ChocolateCherry Bombs, picturelink: null}, 37022: {instructions: Combine beets, eggs, carrot, and turnips in a bowl. In a separate bowl add lemon juice, mustard, garlic, salt and pepper and olive oil and whisk together. Add herbs to dressing and whisk again to combine. Toss dressing into beet mixture. Season with salt and pepper if more is needed., ingredients: [1 pound freshly boiled beets, chopped, 2 hard boiled eggs, chopped, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 2 turnips, boiled and diced, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon English mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 23 cup olive oil, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 bunch fresh dill, chopped, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped], title: Spring Festival Salad, picturelink: null}, 37023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nTo make veloute: Melt the butter in a saucepan, and add the flour. Stir the mixture and cook for 2 minutes. Add the fish stock to the roux, and whisk in the cream. Bring the veloute to a boil and season.nPrepare Lobsters: To prepare the lobsters, use a sharp knife, and cut the lobsters lengthwise. Place the lobster flesh down in a hot pan. Do not add the butter until halfway cooked.nOnce the lobster is halfway cooked, remove from pan. Remove the flesh from the tails, and chop meat. Mix the brunoise vegetables, lobster, and the fish veloute. Refill the lobster shells with the mixture, cover with the remaining sauce, and sprinkle with Gruyere. Bake in oven until nice and brown, approximately 5 minutes.nTo assemble: Place lobster in the center of the plate. Decorate with cooked vegetable, and sprinkle Gruyere around the plate., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 4 ounces flour, 16 ounces fish stock, 4 ounces heavy cream, 4 lobsters, 1 yellow squash, brunoised, 1 zucchini, brunoised, 4 carrots, brunoised, 4 turnips, brunoised, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces Gruyere], title: Perros Style Stuffed Lobster, picturelink: 4ZTZ8f07kGzREVnxRcigp1emjeucYO}, 37024: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: candy thermometernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and lightly flour two 9inch cake pansnFor the cake: Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt and set aside. With an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla and beat on high speed for 3 minutes. Add the flour mixture in stages with 1 13 cups water, beginning and ending with the flour.nDivide the batter evenly between the pans and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Turn the layers out onto racks that have been sprayed with cooking spray.nFor the caramel icing: Mix 3 cups of the sugar and the milk in a heavy 3quart saucepan. Bring slowly to a boil and keep it hot. Caramelize the remaining cup of sugar in an iron skillet. Do this by cooking over mediumhigh heat and stirring and scraping the pan with a flatedged spatula as the sugar melts. Continue to cook until the syrup turns to medium or dark brown in color. This occurs at about 320 degrees F to 350 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Do not scorch the syrup. Stream the syrup into the boiling sugar and milk mixture and cook to the soft ball stage, about 238 degrees F. Add the butter, vanilla extract and baking soda.nPour the hot mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer and beat as it cools until the icing is creamy, 15 to 20 minutes. Watch the icing because it will go from runny to too thick very quickly. Spread on the cake layers while the icing is still warm. If it becomes too stiff, add a few drops of hot water., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more to grease pans, 23 cup cocoa, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 13 sticks 23 cup butter, plus more to grease pans, 1 23 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cooking spray, 4 cups sugar, 1 cup milk, 1 stick 12 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon baking soda], title: Lizzies Old Fashioned Cocoa Cake with Caramel Icing, picturelink: qB8YkuzaRdaacYFMZWOhvMss1u2QrPm}, 37025: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the souffle base, mix together the flour, butter, milk, egg yolks, Stilton, mustard, salt, and pepper, and mix until smooth and set aside. This maybe be prepared a day ahead of time.nIn a separate bowl, beat the egg whites, corn flour, and salt until stiff but fluffy. Add a small amount of the egg whites to the souffle base and blend. Add the remaining egg whites to the mixture and fold gently. Gently spoon in the mixture into 6 buttered ramekins and place in the oven. Bake souffles for approximately 10 minutes until they have risen and are golden. Once you remove them from the oven, allow to rest for 1 minute before serving.nTo prepare the salad, mix all of the ingredients together.nTo serve, place the salad on each plate on the side and remove the souffle from the ramekins and invert 1 onto each plate. Top the souffle with chopped walnuts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon soft butter, 1 tablespoon flour, 6 ounces milk, 9 egg yolks, 2 ounces Stilton blue cheese, crumbled, 1 teaspoon mild mustard, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces egg whites, 1 teaspoon corn flour, Pinch salt, 2 cups celeriac, finely sliced into sticks, 12 cup Granny Smith apple, finely sliced into sticks, 14 cup chopped walnuts, plus extra for garnish, 12 teaspoon mild mustard, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: Cheese Souffle with Celeriac, Apple Walnut Salad, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 37026: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nTo make the pudding: In a saucepan add the milk, vanilla, and a 14 cup sugar. Heat until just boiling. In a bowl mix yolks, remaining 14 cup sugar and salt. Add cream to yolk mixture when cream mixture has reached a boil.nMeanwhile, heat the chocolate in a doubleboiler until melted. Place melted chocolate in a large bowl and add warm cream. Mix in diced brioche.nPour the mixture into 8 4ounce ramekins coated with nonstick cooking spray. Bake in preheated oven for 12 to 15 minutes.nUnmold and serve warm with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and fresh raspberries and mint sprigs.nCombine water, cream, sugar, and cocoa in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Let mixture simmer until liquids thicken. Pass through a fine mesh sieve., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, 5 egg yolks, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 ounces 327 grams bittersweet chocolate, 4 cups diced brioche or Pullman loaf, Whipped cream, as an accompaniment, Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh raspberries, as an accompaniment, Mint sprigs, as an accompaniment, 34 cup 175 grams water, 12 cup 100 grams heavy cream, 12 cup 120 grams sugar, 14 cup 50 grams cocoa powder], title: Warm Chocolate Brioche Pudding, picturelink: null}, 37027: {instructions: Carefully separate the grape leaves, place in a large bowl and pour boiling water over them to cover. Let the leaves soak for 20 minutes, then drain and rinse to remove excess salt. Drain the leaves, snip off the stems reserving stems, and lay the leaves on a towel to dry.nIn a large saucepan, heat 34 cup olive oil, add the onions, salt and pepper, and cook over medium heat until onions are translucent, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the water and stir in the rice. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook rice until water is absorbed, about 17 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, and mix in the pine nuts, lemon juice, parsley, currants, dry mint, allspice, and additional salt and pepper to taste.nPlace one leaf on a flat surface, vein side up, shiny side down. Place a rounded teaspoon of filling in the center of the leaf, near the stem edge. Fold the stem end over the filling, then fold both sides toward the middle, and form into a roll. Squeeze lightly in the palm of your hand to secure the roll. Repeat process with remaining leaves and filling.nLine the bottom of a 3 quart heavy saucepan with reserved stems, trimmings and any leftover or torn grape leaves, and arrange bundles seam sides down, packing them close together in layers.nCombine the remaining 14 cup olive oil with 34 cup water, and pour over the stuffed grape leaves. Place a small, heatproof plate on top of the stuffed leaves, cover the pan and simmer over low heat for about 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until leaves are tender and most of the liquid is absorbed. Cool the rolls in the pan, covered, then chill, covered and serve cold., ingredients: [1 jar preserved grape leaves, drained, 1 cup olive oil, 4 large onions, diced about 8 cups, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup water, 1 cup long grain rice, 14 cup pine nuts, roughly chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley or dill, 2 tablespoons finely chopped currants, 1 teaspoon chopped dry mint, 18 teaspoon allspice], title: Roses Stuffed Grape Leaves, picturelink: null}, 37028: {instructions: 1. Blend together BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, BACARDIu00ae Superior, Martini  Rossi Moscato dAsti and ice for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform.n2. Pour into champagne flutes, and garnish with grapes and mint leavesn3. Serves five people, ingredients: [12 can of frozen BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, 12 cup of BACARDIu00ae Superior, 13 cup of Martini  Rossiu00ae Moscato dAsti, 4 cups of ice, Red grapes and mint for garnish], title: BACARDIandreg Mixers Sparkling Margarita, picturelink: 4Rtv.dGBOtWdLiZlz.NgSYLifHdXYm}, 37029: {instructions: In a fireproof dish large enough to lay out the shrimp in 1 layer preferably a cazuela, add the oil, lemon juice, garlic and chiles. Heat over a high flame until the oil mixture starts to sizzle. Season the shrimp with a little salt and add them into the oil in 1 layer. Cook them for about 20 seconds on 1 side, then flip them over for another 20 seconds. Transfer to a serving dish, sprinkle with a little parsley and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups extravirgin olive oil, enough to cover half way up the shrimp, 2 ounces lemon juice, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 6 guindilla chiles, broken open, 1 pound 26 to 30 shrimp peeled and deveined, tails removed, Salt, 12 bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped], title: Gambas al Ajio, picturelink: null}, 37030: {instructions: Heat a griddle or castiron skillet over high heat until a drop of water sizzles on contact. Roast the tomatoes, turning several times, until blackened on all sides. Let sit until cool enough to touch. Working over a bowl to catch any juices, peel off the black skin. Seed the tomatoes, chop the flesh roughly, and set aside. In a blender or food processor fitted with the steel blade, puree the chipotle chiles and the sauce that clings to them with the water or stock. Set aside. In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat until very hot but not quite smoking. Add the garlic and onion and cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, cumin, nutmeg, and pureed chipotles and cook, stirring, another 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium add the shredded meat, and simmer, uncovered, until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve at once, ingredients: [2 large ripe tomatoes, 3 canned chile chipotles en adobo available in Latin American markets, 14 cup water or chicken stock, 13 cup vegetable oil, 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 large or 2 medium onions, thinly sliced in halfmoons about 2 cups, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 6 cups shredded cooked chicken or any other cooked meat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Tinga de Pollo Chicken Hash, picturelink: null}, 37031: {instructions: Combine the mango, red onion, cilantro, lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until it starts browning, about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, chile powder and 34 teaspoon salt. Continue to cook until the beef is cooked through and the sauce is slightly reduced, about 2 minutes.nDivide the beef among the tostadas top with lettuce, the mango salsa, sour cream and cilantro. Sprinkle with chile powder, if desired. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 mango, diced, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 14 pounds ground beef chuck, 1 15ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes with chiles, 12 to 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, plus more for topping, 8 corn tostadas, Shredded iceberg lettuce, for topping, 23 cup sour cream], title: Beef Tostadas with Mango Salsa, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 37032: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher or punch bowl, stir together the sparkling cider, orange juice, cranberry juice and some vodka if using. Float the orange rounds on top. Serve chilled over ice., ingredients: [Two 750ml bottles sparkling apple cider, 3 cups orange juice, 2 cups cranberry juice, Vodka, optional, 2 oranges, sliced into rounds], title: Sparkling Apple Cider Punch, picturelink: USL2VizUlLdK6j3k3N5uOpjlbEAP25y}, 37033: {instructions: Put the wrap on a work surface, and spread the sunflower butter to the edges. Drizzle the honey on top, and spread to the edges. Sprinkle the chopped bananas and bacon evenly on top, almost to the edges.nRoll the wrap up tightly, then squeeze it gently to make an even, tightly sealed log. Trim about 1 inch from each end to discard or nibble on, then slice the roll into six 1inchwide pinwheels. Set them in a small airtight container, a cutside up lay a whole banana slice on top of each one then seal the container tightly. The pinwheels should be served the day theyre made., ingredients: [1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup freezedried banana slices, roughly chopped, plus 6 slices whole, One 9inch flour tortilla wrap, 3 tablespoons sunflower butter, 2 slices cooked bacon, chopped], title: Crunchy SunflowerButter, Bacon and Banana Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 37034: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium saucepan. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally until they begin to wilt. Add garlic and ginger and saute 30 seconds. Deglaze with vinegar and evaporate.nStir in coriander, cumin, lentils and broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, until lentils are tender and soupy, about 10 to 15 minutes season to taste with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, cook pasta. When done, drain pasta and return to pot, off heat toss with butter and lentils adjust seasoning. Serve out a portion and garnish with mint., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Quartersize slice of fresh ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon each ground coriander and cumin, 1 cup red lentils, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 pound spaghettini, 14 cup butter, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup firmly packed fresh mint leaves], title: CorianderScented Red Lentils with Spaghettini, picturelink: null}, 37035: {instructions: For the bars: Combine the GlutenFree Flour Blend, oat flour, maple sugar, flaxseed meal, oats, salt and cinnamon in a food processor and pulse until mixed. Add the butter and vanilla and pulse into coarse crumbs. Pulsing, add 5 tablespoons water until the dough comes together. Divide the dough in half and wrap each piece in plastic wrap, pressing down gently to flatten. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, combine the dried berries and boiling water in a small bowl. Let stand until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain the berries, reserving the liquid. Place the berries in a blender or food processor. With the machine running, add the liquid, a little at a time, until a thick mixture forms.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nLightly beat the egg white with 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl. Lightly sprinkle a piece of parchment paper with the GlutenFree Flour Blend. Working with one piece of dough at a time, roll the dough on the floured parchment into a 4by12inch rectangle, about 14 inch thick. Trim the edges. Leaving a 12inch border and working lengthwise, top the center of the dough with half the filling. Fold the top half of dough over to cover most of the filling brush the edge of the dough with the egg wash. Fold the remaining dough over to form a log, pressing down gently to seal. Gently flip the log so its seamside down brush with the egg wash and sprinkle with flaxseed meal. Cut the log evenly into 3 bars and refrigerate. Repeat with the remaining dough, filling, and flaxseed meal.nPlace the bars on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Slide the bars on the paper onto a rack and let cool completely.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt., ingredients: [12 cup 142 grams GlutenFree Flour Blend, recipe follows, or storebought blend, such as Cooking for Isaiah by Silvana Nardone GlutenFree MultiPurpose Flour, 12 cup 45 grams glutenfree oat flour, 2 12 tablespoons maple sugar, 2 tablespoons flaxseed meal, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons glutenfree oldfashioned rolled oats, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg white, 12 cup assorted dried berries, such as cherries, strawberries and blueberries, 14 cup boiling water, 3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: TripleBerry Cereal Bars, picturelink: fwbjeZUSx.TDuh21zTxM7FbBF69dbq}, 37036: {instructions: Cook the udon noodles as the label directs. Dont overcook or they will get mushy. Drain, reserving about 13 cup of the cooking water.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Pat the tofu dry and season all over with salt and pepper. Add the tofu to the skillet and sear until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Set aside and keep warm.nAdd 1 tablespoon oil and the greens to the skillet. Cook, tossing, until just wilted. Add the scallions, red pepper flakes, the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the soy sauce and sugar. Add the reserved cooking water heat to create a broth. Divide the noodles and greens among 4 bowls and top with the tofu.nPhotography by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 8 ounce package udon noodles, 4 tablespoons roasted peanut oil, or 3 tablespoons sesame oil mixed with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 12 ounce package firm tofu, cut into 12 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 11 ounce package Asian cooking greens or baby spinach, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced diagonally, Large pinch of red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, Pinch of sugar], title: Udon with Tofu and Asian Greens, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 37037: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Place the pasta in a large bowl.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, carrots and 14 teaspoon of the salt. Cook until the carrots begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Add the orange juice, zucchini and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil. Cook until the juice thickens and the zucchini is tender, about 2 minutes. Add the zucchini mixture to the pasta.nFor the dressing: Whisk together the mascarpone cheese, lemon juice, lemon zest and salt in a small bowl until smooth.nPour the dressing over the pasta. Add the tomatoes and sausage slices and toss until coated. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 pound rotelle pasta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 3 medium carrots, sliced into 14inch rounds, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 3 medium zucchini, trimmed and cut into 12inch rounds, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 pound sweet Italian sausages, cooked, cooled and sliced into 12inch rounds, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature 4 ounces, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Zest of 1 large lemon, 1 teaspoon salt, plus extra for seasoning], title: Round and Round Pasta, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 37038: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a serrated knife, cut the top 14 off the bulbs of garlic. Place the bulbs in a small baking dish. Drizzle with the oil, season with salt and pepper, and cover with foil. Bake until the garlic is tender when pierced with fork, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool a bit. Squeeze the base of the bulbs to extract as much of the garlic pulp from the skins as possible. Season the garlic, to taste, with salt and pepper, stir in the chopped parsley and chives, and reserve. Reserve the oil in the pan also. Toast the bread on both sides, either over an outdoor grill, under the broiler, or in a toaster, until golden. Cut each piece of toast in half. Rub 1 side of the toasted bread with the whole cloves of garlic. Brush the toast with the reserved oil, and then spread the garlic paste over it. Place the toasts on a platter. Garnish with sprigs of parsley, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 bulbs garlic, plus 2 cloves, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus fresh flatleaf parsley sprigs, for garnish, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 6 slices rustic countrystyle bread, cut 38inch thick], title: Garlic Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 37039: {instructions: In a large bowl toss the penne, balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Stir in mozzarella, tomatoes and basil. Season with salt and pepper, ingredients: [12 ounces Penne, cooked and drained, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into bite size pieces, 6 plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Everything Fresh Pasta, picturelink: null}, 37040: {instructions: In a large skillet cook the onion and the garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the onion is softened. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil and heat it over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Add the eggplant and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes, or until the eggplant is softened. Stir in the zucchini and the bell pepper and cook the mixture over the moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Stir in the oregano, thyme, coriander, and fennel seeds. Add salt and pepper, to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the basil and combine the mixture well. The ratatouille may be made 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and reheated before serving.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water cook pasta until al dente. Serve with ratatouille., ingredients: [1 onion, sliced thinly, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 34pound eggplant, cut into 12inch pieces about 3 cups, 1 small zucchini, scrubbed, quartered lengthwise, and cut into thin slices, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 34 pound small ripe tomatoes, chopped coarsely about 1 14 cups, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 18 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 cup shredded fresh basil leaves, 1 pound penne pasta], title: Ratatouille with Penne, picturelink: null}, 37041: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: CALIFORNIA AVOCADO TOAST THREE WAYS Sponsored, picturelink: dHFyedv4AjBct.sfXLxWo7LNgaMB5W}, 37042: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 pintsize Mason jarsnCombine the carrots, celery and onions, chicken stock and 2 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the orzo and 12 teaspoon salt, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the vegetables and orzo are tender, about 10 minutes.nToss the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper, then add to the soup along with the peas. Simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the spinach and cook, stirring, until just wilted.nOff the heat, stir in the lemon juice and zest and season with salt and pepper to taste. Divide the soup between 4 pintsize Mason jars., ingredients: [1 medium carrot, chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 quart chicken stock, 13 cup orzo, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 2 split breasts, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 4 cups loosely packed baby spinach, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Lemony Orzo Chicken Soup in a Jar, picturelink: wRdCThJsuhLF4O582jDdX6coL2dxsG}, 37043: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometer a meat grindernFor the donut dough: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, place the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Turn on to low speed to slightly mix all the dry ingredients. Add the milk, butter and egg, and mix until the dough is smooth, about 4 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 8 hours or up to overnight.nTurn the dough out onto a floured work surface, sprinkle more flour on top and roll out 12inch thick. Using a donut cutter or drinking glass, cut out donuts and place on a tray to rest. Place the donuts back in the refrigerator until ready to cook.nAdd the oil to large, deep saute pan or pot and heat it to 350 degrees F.nUsing a slotted spoon, slowly drop 2 or 3 donuts into the hot oil, adjusting the heat to maintain the oil at 350 degrees F. Fry the donuts for 3 minutes, then flip and cook 2 minutes more. Drain on paper towels and fry the remaining donuts in the same manner. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the glaze: Combine the confectioners sugar and milk in a bowl and stir until smooth. The mixture will thicken while it sits. Reserve until needed.nFor the burgers: Combine the chuck and brisket in a bowl. Grind the meat through the small die of a meat grinder into a bowl and mix until thoroughly combined. Wrap the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 hours to allow the meat to rest and thoroughly chill. Divide the meat into 8 portions and press into patties about 14inch thick.nPreheat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the patties with salt and pepper and cook until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Top with Cheddar and allow to melt.nFor the donut sliders: Split the donuts in half to open like sandwich buns. Brush the cut sides with mayonnaise. Place a burger on the bottom half of each donut and cover with the top half. Using a spoon, drizzle some glaze over the donuts, completely covering them. Enjoy them immediately., ingredients: [1 pound allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 6 ounces granulated sugar, 2 ounces baking powder, Pinch salt, 8 ounces milk, 1 ounce butter, softened, 1 egg, 1 quart vegetable oil, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 12 pounds beef chuck, diced, 8 ounces beef brisket, diced, Salt and black pepper, 2 ounces Cheddar, cut into 8 slices, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Donut Sliders, picturelink: pmS9QHgJyXhBiTZWvqL7wxoWcK5t.y}, 37044: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 4ounce ramekinsnStir the gelatin and 2 tablespoons cold water together in a small bowl and let stand for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the matcha powder and 12 cup sugar in a small saucepan until no large lumps remain. Pour in 14 cup of the halfandhalf and whisk until it forms a smooth, thick paste. Pour in the vanilla and 1 more cup halfandhalf and stir until smooth. Place the saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cream just begins to simmer at the edges and the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and immediately whisk the gelatin into the hot mixture until it dissolves. Pour the remaining halfandhalf into the saucepan and stir until evenly combined.nUsing a ladle or liquid measuring cup, pour the matcha cream into eight 4ounce ramekins. Refrigerate the ramekins until the cream is firm, about 3 hours.nMeanwhile, place the strawberries in one small bowl and the kiwis in another. Evenly divide the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar between both bowls, toss to coat the fruit, then let stand for 15 minutes.nTo serve, briefly dip the bottom of each ramekin in a bowl of hot water for 10 to 15 seconds to loosen the panna cottas. Invert each panna cotta onto a small serving plate, spoon the strawberries and kiwis around the sides and sprinkle each lightly with the poppy seeds before serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin one 14ounce packet, 1 tablespoon matcha tea powder, such as Kenko or The Republic of Tea, sifted, 12 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 cups halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into 12inch chunks, 2 teaspoons poppy seeds], title: MatchaPoppy Seed Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 37045: {instructions: Sift the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, anise, cloves, ginger, salt and pepper into a medium bowl, then whisk to combine.nBeat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low add half of the flour mixture and beat until combined, scraping down the bowl as needed. Add 3 tablespoons water and the remaining flour mixture and beat until just combined. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap, pat into a disk, wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nDust the dough with confectioners sugar, then transfer to a piece of parchment paper and roll out until 14 inch thick. Cut into shapes using 2to3inch cookie cutters. Transfer the cutouts to 2 ungreased baking sheets and press sliced almonds decoratively on top. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Transfer the cookies to the oven and reduce the temperature to 275 degrees F bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until crisp and golden, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground anise, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Sliced blanched almonds, for decorating], title: Dutch Spice Cookies, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 37046: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a saucepan, bring 3 cups of water to a boil, then add hamburger and garlic. Boil for 20 minutes. Drain and set aside.nIn another saucepan, bring 3 cups of water to a boil and add the rice and carrots. Turn heat down and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and set aside to cool.nNext, mix tomato and egg together with cooled rice and carrots, hamburger and garlic and spread in a 9 by 13inch casserole dish that has been sprayed with nonstick spray.nSprinkle top with Parmesan cheese and bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound hamburger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 cups quick rice, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced tomato, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons oil, 14 cup Parmesan cheese], title: Chow Down Casserole, picturelink: null}, 37047: {instructions: In a small cup, mix together the cocoa powder and sugar. Add the water and stir well until a paste is formed. Set aside.nPut the milk into a tall fountain glass. Slowly add the seltzer water. Stir gently. Drizzle the chocolate syrup in slowly, being careful to disturb the foam as little as possible. Stir gently with a tall spoon. Your drink should be 2toned, chocolatebrown on the bottom with a white foam on top.nServe with a pretzel rod., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon boiling water, 12 cup lowfat milk, very cold, 1 12 cups seltzer water not club soda, 1 pretzel rod], title: Chocolate Egg Cream, picturelink: null}, 37048: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine 4 cups of flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, and salt. Blend in the cold butter at the lowest speed and mix until the butter is in peasized pieces. Combine the eggs and heavy cream and quickly add them to the flour and butter mixture. Combine until just blended. Toss the strawberries with 1 tablespoon of flour, add them to the dough, and mix quickly. The dough may be a bit sticky.nDump the dough out onto a wellfloured surface and be sure it is well combined. Flour your hands and a rolling pin and roll the dough 34inch thick. You should see lumps of butter in the dough. Cut into squares with a 4inch plain or fluted cutter, and then cut them in half diagonally to make triangles. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.nBrush the tops with egg wash. Sprinkle with sugar and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the outsides are crisp and the insides are fully baked., ingredients: [4 cups plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus additional for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 pound cold unsalted butter, diced, 4 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 34 cup smalldiced dried strawberries, 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water or milk, for egg wash], title: Strawberry Scones, picturelink: jRn8hAKzAVpumuX2WDed8z3532Bl8o.}, 37049: {instructions: Heat a large round grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the pan and let oil heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Rub the blackening spices all over the duck pieces until both sides are covered. Carefully place the spiced duck pieces into the pan, reduce the heat to medium, and cook for about 5 minutes on each side, or until desired degree of doneness.nIn a large bowl, combine all ingredients by gently stirring with a wooden spoon or plastic spatula until thoroughly mixed. Set aside to let flavors meld. Spoon the salsa over the duck pieces, or serve as a garnish on the side.nPrepare the wild rice according to the directions on the box. In a medium skillet, saute the pepper, onion, and garlic in olive oil over medium heat until vegetables are tender, being careful not to let the garlic burn. When the rice is fully cooked, add the sauteed vegetables to the rice, and stir to combine.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add enough olive oil to thinly coat the bottom of the pan, and let oil heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the pepper, mushrooms, and garlic to the pan, and saute until the vegetables are almost tender. Add the beans and carrots to the pan, and cook until all of the vegetables are slightly tender and the flavors have combined. Serve with the Blackened Duck and Wild rice., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteing, Blackening spices, to coat duck pieces, 1 whole duck, cut into pieces, Mango Salsa, recipe follows, Wild Rice, recipe follows, Vegetable Medley, recipe follows, 2 mangoes, skinned and diced, 1 large onion, diced, 1 lime, juiced, 2 to 3 tomatoes, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 box wild rice, 1 red pepper, seeded and diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Olive oil, for sauteing, 1 red pepper, seeded and chopped, 14 pound mushrooms, cleaned and chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 30 string beans, trimmed, 2 to 3 carrots, thinly sliced], title: Blackened Duck topped with Mango Salsa and served with Wild Rice and a Vegetable Medley, picturelink: null}, 37050: {instructions: In a large frying pan melt butter over mediumhigh heat. When butter has melted, add bananas and saute 1 minute. Add brown sugar, cinnamon, and rum. Stir to combine. Let simmer 3 to 4 minutes. Serve bananas over ice cream with cookie on the side., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 4 medium bananas, underripe, sliced diagonally 12inch thick, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup dark rum recommended: Myerss, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream recommended: HaagenDazs, Oatmeal cookies, for serving], title: Sauteed Bananas over Ice Cream with OatmealRum Cookie, picturelink: null}, 37051: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nCook bell peppers in olive oil on medium heat. Season generously with salt and pepper. Add onion and garlic. Stir in olives, then tomatoes, stirring constantly. Add serrano and potato. Reduce heat to low and add herbs.nWhile vegetables are cooking, beat together egg whites, salt to taste, and water, until mixture forms stiff, but not dry, peaks. Separately combine cream and yolks, and thoroughly fold into egg whites.nMelt butter in a large, ovenproof pan over high heat. Pour out half of butter and reserve. Add 34 of egg mixture to pan, then add vegetables, distributed evenly. When underside is cooked takes less than a minute, pour on remaining egg mixture. Place pan in broiler for 2 minutes.nTo serve, invert onto a heated serving platter and brush with reserved melted butter., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped, 1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped, 14 cup olive oil, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup chopped onion, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 18 cup olives, halved, 1 medium tomato, thinly sliced, 1 serrano chili, finely chopped, 1 potato, cooked in boiling, salted water, then diced, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 6 eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon cold water, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 4 tablespoons salted butter], title: Mexican Omelet, picturelink: null}, 37052: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the yeast and warm water stir to blend. Let stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, about 5 to 10 minutes.nPut all of the candied fruit in small bowl and drizzle the rum on top. Let stand for 15 minutes to 1 hour to infuse the flavor.nIn a small pot, warm the milk over medium heat. Add the sugar, butter, vanilla, cinnamon, and salt.nIn a large bowl, mix 3 12 cups flour, 2 eggs, yeast mixture, milk mixture, and the rum soaked candied fruits, mixing very well until the dough gathers into a ball. If the dough is too wet, Add additional flour, a little at a time, if needed to form a soft dough. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until its smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Put the ball of dough back into the bowl and cover with plastic wrap or a kitchen towel and set aside in a warm spot to rise for 1 hour.nRemove the dough from the bowl and knead on a lightly floured surface. Using your palms, roll the dough into a long rope. Shape the coil into a ring, sealing the ends together. Insert a little doll or coin into the bread from the bottom, if desired. Line a baking pan with aluminum foil and coat with nonstick cooking spray. Carefully transfer the dough ring to the prepared baking pan.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat the remaining egg in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon of water to make an egg wash, and brush the top of the bread. Decoratively garnish the top of the bread with more candied fruit and bake for 35 to 40 minutes until the cake is golden.nCool on a wire rack before slicing., ingredients: [1 14ounce packet active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water, 14 cup dried figs, cut into strips, plus more for garnish, 14 cup candied orange peel, cut into strips, plus more for garnish, 14 cup candied lemon peel, cut into strips, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped candied cherries, plus more whole for garnish, 2 tablespoons light rum, 14 cup milk, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 12 to 4 cups allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, divided, Water], title: Three Kings Bread: Rosca de Reyes, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 37053: {instructions: Combine ingredients for the spicy mayo.nFor the beef, chop the tenderloin as fine as possible. Season with salt and pepper. Add 3 to 4 tablespoons of spicy mayo to taste.nDivide this mixture into quarters.nMold it into a tortilla and garnish with tomato, a few slices of jalapeno, red onion, mango, pear, caviar, mascaporne, and cilantro.nWarning: Consumption of raw or undercooked meat may substantially increase the risk of foodborne illness., ingredients: [8 ounces Saga Wagyu beef tenderloin, chopped finely, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 soft tortillas, 4 cherry tomatoes, cut in 14, 1 jalapeno, sliced thin, no seeds, 1 small red onion, julienned, 1 mango, diced, 1 Asian pear, diced, 1 ounce caviar, 2 ounces mascarpone, micro cilantro, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoon Chinese chili paste tobanjan, 2 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Saga Wagyu Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 37054: {instructions: Whisk the egg, evaporated milk, cayenne, nutmeg, and salt and black pepper to taste in a bowl. Toss the grated cheeses in a separate bowl.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the cauliflower and cook until almost falling apart, about 7 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Add the pasta to the same water and cook until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain, reserving 14 cup cooking water. Preheat the broiler.nCombine the egg mixture and the grated cheeses in the empty pot and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until the cheeses melt and the sauce begins to thicken. Remove from the heat and add the cauliflower. Puree with an immersion blender until smooth and light you can also use a regular blender. Stir in some of the reserved pasta water until creamy.nToss the pasta in the sauce season with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a shallow casserole dish and top with muenster slices. Broil until golden brown, about 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 12 ounce can evaporated whole milk, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 13 cups grated muenster cheese 4 ounces, plus 4 delithin slices 1 ounce, 12 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese 2 ounces, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese 1 ounce, 12 head cauliflower, cut into small florets 4 cups, 4 cups medium pasta shells 9 ounces], title: ThreeCheese Macaroni, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 37055: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring, until crisp and most of the fat has rendered, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate and set aside. Lower the heat to medium, add the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft and fragrant, about 8 minutes.nStir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Pour in the broth and tomatoes and bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Tie the parsley sprigs, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine and add to the pot. Lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nWhen the soup base is cool, remove and discard the herb bundle. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth. Using a sieve over a large bowl, strain the tomato puree. Return the puree to the pot and reheat over medium heat.nWhisk the heavy cream and salt into the soup and season with pepper to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls, garnish with the crispy bacon, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced bacon about 12 ounce, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes with liquid, roughly chopped, 3 parsley sprigs, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato Bisque, picturelink: 5h1hQMdbjYWhxSSOyN4nGOKrUF3Om}, 37056: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.nLay slices of the bread, butter side down, on an ungreased sheet pan. Sprinkle evenly with the chopped chocolate, covering the bread to within 14inch of the crust. Cover each with a second slice of bread, butter side up. Press closed with the back of a spatula. Bake until the bread is golden and the chocolate begins to melt, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using a spatula, carefully turn each sandwich over and bake 5 to 7 minutes more. Let cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [8 12inch thick slices sourdough bread or peasant bread, buttered on 1 side, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped with a heavy knife], title: Chocolate Panini, picturelink: kxH180mdNgLXoUVA1EsnDkWmrXJeTS}, 37057: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the grilled lamb: Trim the excess fat and any gristle from both sides of the lamb and lay it flat on a cutting board. To make the lamb generally the same thickness, butterfly the thick ends by slicing shallowly on the diagonal into the thickest part and opening it up, like a book. Score the entire roast, both sides, in a shallow 1inchwide crosshatch pattern.nHeat a small saute pan over mediumlow heat and add the coriander and cumin seeds. Toast until fragrant. Combine the toasted seeds with the sesame seeds and grind finely in a spice grinder or a mortar and pestle. Pour the ground spices into a bowl and add the sumac, salt and cinnamon.nCombine the garlic with a little bit of canola oil to make a paste, and rub into the meat. Rub the spice mix evenly into the meat and leave to penetrate for at least 1 hour at room temperature, or up to 1 day refrigerated.nFor the herbed yogurt: Combine the yogurt, chives, cilantro, dill, olive oil, lemon juice, salt and cayenne in a bowl and set aside.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nGrill the lamb over mediumhigh heat, watching carefully for flareups, until dark brown on the underside, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until dark brown again, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook the lamb, flipping every minute or so, until the lamb feels bouncy when poked and measures 125 degrees F on an internalread thermometer for mediumrare, about 5 minutes longer. If you like your lamb medium, bring it to 130 degrees.nLet the meat rest for at least 5 minutes on a platter, flipping it occasionally, before slicing thinly across the grain and serving with the herbed yogurt., ingredients: [3 12 to 4 pounds boneless leg of lamb, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon ground sumac, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 5 cloves garlic, grated, Canola oil, as needed, 1 cup wholemilk yogurt, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill fronds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, Dash of cayenne pepper], title: Grilled Butterflied Lamb with African Spices and Herbed Yogurt, picturelink: hz5cJWba2BBZMIilGC7IEmUZ2FVzjV6}, 37058: {instructions: For the cake pops: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. Combine the cake crumbs and frosting in a large bowl. Work the frosting into the crumbs with your hands until it forms a thick paste and can be easily rolled into balls.nRoll the mixture into 12 balls and place on the prepared baking sheet. Freeze until almost solid, 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the decoration: When ready to decorate, melt the white chocolate discs in a double boiler and keep warm. Melt the red and black chocolate discs in small bowls in the microwave. Remove the cake pop balls from the freezer and insert a plastic or metal fork into each. Dip the tines of another fork into the red chocolate and wave over the bowl of white chocolate to make flecks and drizzles. Insert cake pops into the white chocolate and swirl to coat completely. Let any excess drip off, then place a green chocolate disc in the center to form the iris of the eye. Set down on the prepared baking sheet and allow to set while you repeat with the remaining cake balls. Dip the back of a skewer into the black chocolate and make a large dot in the center of the green on each pop. Clean the skewer, dip into the white and make a small dot to the side of the black. Allow to set completely at cool room temperature or in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the confectioners sugar, butter, milk, vanilla and salt, and whip on low speed until incorporated. Turn the speed up to high and whip until the buttercream is smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl once or twice. If its too wet, add a bit more confectioners sugar. If its too stiff, add a bit more butter.nUse immediately, or store in an airtight container at room temperature for 24 hours or in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Rewhip cold buttercream before using it., ingredients: [3 cups finely crumbled cake in your choice of flavor about half of an 8inch cake layer, 12 cup American Buttercream Frosting in your choice of flavor, recipe follows, 16 ounces white chocolate discs, 4 ounces red chocolate discs, 4 ounces black chocolate discs, Green chocolate discs, for the eyes, 6 cups confectioners sugar, or more as needed, 4 sticks 1 pound butter, or more as needed, softened, 14 cup whole milk, 1 to 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or any other flavor, Pinch kosher salt], title: Eyeball Cake Pops, picturelink: m0QrOLwrZSGYIBwfRR1uUKfyi3PMV46}, 37059: {instructions: Add vegetable oil to a large, heavy Dutch oven or deepfryer to a depth of about 3 inches. Slowly heat the oil until it registers 365 to 375 degrees on a candy or deepfry thermometer.nMeanwhile, sift 1 cup of the flour and the salt, baking powder and baking soda into a large mixing bowl. Add the nutmeg and sugar and stir well with a wire whisk to thoroughly blend. Sift the remaining 1 12 cups flour into a small bowl and set aside. In a third bowl, lightly beat the egg and the egg white, then stir in the buttermilk and cooled melted butter. Add the buttermilk mixture to the dry ingredients all at once, then stir with a large looped whisk or a wooden spoon until the batter is almost smooth. Gradually beat in the remaining flour, stirring just enough to moisten the flour and smooth out most of the lumps. Do not overbeat the batter or it may become gluey and the fritters will be tough.nHave a large plate lined with several layers of paper towel near the stove. Place the cinnamon sugar in a shallow bowl and have a second platter ready to hold the finished doughnuts. When the oil has reached the right temperature, gently drop spoonsful of the batter about the size of a large egg into the hot oil in batches of three or four. Cooking more fritters at a time may cause the oil temperature to drop too severely. Keep an eye on the thermometerthe temperature will initially jump when the batter is added, then drop slightly. Try to keep it within 5 or 10 degrees of 365 by playing with the number of fritters in the pot. Too low a heat will cause the fritters to absorb too much oil, while too high a heat will burn the outsides before the insides are properly cooked.nFry the doughnuts for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side, turning once or twice so they cook evenly. When they are a deep amber brown, transfer them to the paper towels with a pair of tongs or a slotted spoon. Let the fritters cool for a minute or so, then roll them in the cinnamon sugar and set them on the platter or, as in my house, directly into somebodys open, waiting hand. Allow the temperature of the oil to recover before adding the next batch of doughnuts and repeat until all of the batter is used. Like most fritters, these doughnuts are best eaten as soon as they are fried, as they tend to get soggy and unappetizing with standing., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 large egg white, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Mildflavored vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup granulated sugar blended with 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, for rolling the hot fritters], title: Buttermilk Nutmeg Drop Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 37060: {instructions: In a food processor, combine all ingredients. Add just enough oil so the paste mixes well, but remains thick. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [6 shallots, peeled, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper, 2 Serrano chiles, 3 Thai bird chiles, 6 cloves garlic, 2 stalks lemon grass, chopped, white part only, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Canola oil], title: Chili Paste, picturelink: null}, 37061: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the cocoa, sugar, flour, baking soda, and salt.nIn another medium mixing bowl, combine the stout, melted butter, and vanilla. Beat in eggs, 1 at time. Mix in sour cream until thoroughly combined and smooth. Gradually mix the dry ingredients into the wet mixture.nLightly grease 24 muffin tins. Divide the batter equally between muffin tins, filling each 34 full. Bake for about 12 minutes and then rotate the pans. Bake another 12 to 13 minutes until risen, nicely domed, and set in the middle but still soft and tender. Cool before turning out.nIn a medium bowl with a hand mixer, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in the heavy cream. On low speed, slowly mix in the confectioners sugar until incorporated and smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. Icing can be made several hours ahead and kept covered and chilled.nTop each cupcake with a heap of frosting and dust with cocoa.nTo make the icing: ., ingredients: [34 cup unsweetened cocoa, plus more for dusting finished cupcakes, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups allpurposeflour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch fine salt, 1 bottle stout beer recommended: Guinness, 1 stick butter, melted, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sour cream, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 34 to 1 cup heavy cream, 1 1pound box confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Stout Cupcakes, picturelink: Sy6PCT3eJMDfRx28ZuiHlxvL6dlk3W}, 37062: {instructions: Add water, wine and spices to poaching pan and place over low heat. Bring to a simmer just below boiling point. Rinse and dry fillet, then place skin down on poaching rack and lower into poaching mixture. Cover and simmer until done, approximately 20 minutes, depending on size of the fillet. To check, poke gently with sharp probe. If it passes through readily, the fillet is done.nRemove poaching pan from heat and allow contents to cool to room temperature before removing fillet. Lift cooled fillet from pan and allow to drain a few minutes. If tiny pin bones are still present above the position of the ribs, remove with tweezers. Carefully transfer the fillet onto serving platter and peel off skin.nIn a mixing bowl, combine ranchtopping package with sour cream. Follow package directions. Spread uniformly over the salmon fillet to a thickness of 18 to 14inch. Slice cucumber into 18inch thick rounds. Start at slender tail of fillet and press individual cucumber rounds gently into the dip with each vertical row slightly overlapping the previous row to create fish scales. Continue with row after row toward the head, until fillet is completely covered. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 quart cold water, 1 bottle dry white wine, 1 bay leaf, 6 black peppercorns, 1 whole Alaska silver salmon fillet, 1 package ranch dip mix, 1 pint sour cream, 1 English cucumber], title: Poached Alaska Silver Salmon, picturelink: null}, 37063: {instructions: In a large serving bowl whisk together the marmalade, mustard, Worcestershire, red wine vinegar, extravirgin olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the lettuce, celery, cucumber, onions, tomatoes and herbs, if using. Toss and adjust seasoning. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup orange marmalade, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 to 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large or 3 small romaine hearts, chopped, 3 to 4 celery ribs, chopped, 12 seedless cucumber, sliced, 1 small red onion, chopped or thinly sliced, 2 ripe tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup fresh herb or herbs: parsley, basil, dill, tarragon  whatever is on hand, optional], title: Garden Salad with OrangeDijon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 37064: {instructions: Mix equal parts sparkling wine and grape juice. Serve chilled with the garnish of your choice., ingredients: [1 bottle dry sparkling wine, 1 bottle white grape juice], title: Tiziano, picturelink: null}, 37065: {instructions: To make the streusel, combine the brown sugar, walnuts, chocolate, cinnamon, and ground espresso in a small bowl, and stir until well blended.nTo make the cake, position an oven rack in the middle of the oven, and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F 325 degrees F if using a convection oven. Line the bottom and sides of a 10cup loaf pan with foil and grease it lightly preferably with Pam. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together. Using an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed for about 3 minutes, until soft and smooth. Add the granulated sugar and beat on mediumhigh speed for 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the eggs, one at a time, and beat until well blended. Add the vanilla and mix until combined. Add half of the flour mixture and beat on low speed until just combined. Add the sour cream and mix until blended, about 1 minute. Add the remaining flour mixture and mix until just combined. Do not over mix. Scrape half of the batter into the prepared pan and spread it evenly. Evenly distribute half of the streusel mixture over the batter. Then spoon the remaining batter evenly over the streusel, and spread it evenly. Scatter the remaining streusel evenly over the top. Bake for 68 to 70 minutes 50 to 60 minutes if using a convection oven, until the topping is browned and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let cool for 20 minutes. Lift the cake and the foil liner from the pan, peel away the foil, and return the cake to the rack to cool completely. Using a serrated knife, cut the coffee cake into 1inchthick slices., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla bean paste or pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon finely ground espresso beans, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate preferably Valrhona Caraibe 66 percent, chopped into 12inch pieces, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon preferably Saigon, see note below], title: Sour Cream Coffee Cake, picturelink: uURzV7oJhDIVphA8PtGBqMNhQaAxAKO}, 37066: {instructions: The beef should be thawed, if frozen, set aside. In a large saute pan, heat the oil. Add the onion, garlic, and pepper and saute. When theyre soft, add the oregano, tomato sauce, raisins, and chopped olives. This should be at medium heat from now on. Add the ground beef.nPour the wine over the beef mixture and cover to cook through. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Once its almost cooked, uncover, and let dry up to a juicy but dry look to it.nNever use if it is runny. Thats the trick.nSift the flour with the baking powder and the salt. Pour this into a large bowl. Pour in the rest of the ingredients. Work this with a fork, trying to bring together all the ingredients but never beating or mixing. Once its all together and not sticky...youre ready to make Empanadillas.nASSEMBLING THE EMPANADILLAS: Prepare your table by spreading some flour to keep the mixture from sticking. You will need a roller, a knife and a fork. Your filling should be at hand. Take a small amount of the flour mixture a ball that can fit in your hand and you roll it out in the shape of a plate to a thickness of about 18inch.nTake a spoonful of the filling and place it in the middle half of the pastry and fold the top over the filling to look like a half moon. Seal the inside of the pastry by wetting your fingers with water and rubbing the border of the half moon. Take a knife and cut a perfect pastry halfmoon. Now take the fork and press down the borders of the circular shape to seal. Fry the half moon in hot oil., ingredients: [1 pound hamburger beef could also be chorizo, which is Spanish sausage, 2 tablespoons cooking oil or olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 small green pepper, chopped, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 small can tomato sauce, 1 small box raisins, Chopped olives, to taste, 14 cup cooking dry white wine, Salt and pepper, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 whole eggs lightly beaten, 34 cups sugar, make a syrup with 13 cup water, simmered until sugar dissolves let cool, 2 ounces melted butter, cooled, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup white dry cooking wine], title: Little Meat Empanadas: Empanadillas de Carne, picturelink: null}, 37067: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPick through crabmeat to make sure it has no shells. Stir in mayonnaise and mustard. Add 14 cup of the bread crumbs, red and green jalapenos, thyme, chives, salt, and pepper and mix in thoroughly. Add the lemon juice and orange juice and stir to combine.nLine a 12cup measuring cup with plastic wrap and pack cup with crab mixture. Pull plastic wrap so that molded crab mixture can be easily removed and place on a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper. Repeat until all of the mixture has been molded into cakes. Sprinkle 14 cup of bread crumbs on a plate and mix with olive oil. Sprinkle a little of this mixture on top of each crab cake. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve over the salad and top with a dollop of avocado mousse.nPlace julienned carrots in a bowl of cold water which will cause them to curl. Meanwhile, toss greens with sesame oil, lemon juice, and salt and pepper. Fill the bottom of a cocktail glass with a handful of the salad and top it with a few of the carrot strips. Place 1 crab cake on top of salad. Place citrus fruit wedges around crab cake, if desired. Repeat for remaining servings.nScrape the flesh of the avocado into a medium mixing bowl, discarding the skin and pit. Mash with a fork until moderately lumpy. Add cream, orange juice, and lemon juice and stir gently to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir until well mixed. Place a dollop of the mouse on top of each crab cake., ingredients: [1 pound lump crabmeat, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons spicy mustard, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon minced red jalapeno pepper, 1 teaspoon minced green jalapeno pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 medium lemon, juiced, 12 medium orange, juiced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salad, for serving, recipe follows, Avocado Mousse, recipe follows, 2 small carrots, peeled and julienned, About 4 cups mixed greens, washed and dried, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 medium lemon, juiced, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, Citrus fruit wedges oranges, blood oranges, grapefruits, andor lemons, for garnish, optional, 1 large avocado, 1 tablespoon heavy whipping cream, 12 medium orange, juiced, 12 medium lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Crab Cakes with Avocado Mousse, picturelink: null}, 37068: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Veggie Dagwood Sandwiches, picturelink: 30PjJhwDGO.wP.P.1jExFJZM18Ju9WW}, 37069: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the apples, onion, caraway seeds, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples start browning around the edges, about 4 minutes. Add the sauerkraut and cook until the excess liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add the apple cider and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the apples and onion soften, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, season the pork with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a separate large skillet over medium heat. Working in two batches, cook the pork until browned and just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Serve the pork with the sauerkraut mixture top with the parsley.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 crisp cooking apples such as Gala, Cameo or Golden Delicious, sliced, 1 medium onion, sliced, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound sauerkraut, rinsed, drained and squeezed dry, 12 cup apple cider, 12 cup chicken stock, 8 pork scallopini or thin cutlets about 112 pounds, 2 teaspoons paprika, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Paprika Pork Scallopini with Sauerkraut and Apples, picturelink: a7mmRIcmsrjuOiStJTVmCAsmm4P0XK}, 37070: {instructions: Special equipment: 4inch ring cutternPlace a small piece of plastic wrap inside of a 4inch ring cutter. Place about 8 ounces of the ground beef onto the plastic and lightly press into the mold just to flatten a touch. Repeat with the remainder of the ground beef.nIn a castiron pan, heat the oil until it begins to smoke. Sprinkle the burger patties lightly with salt and pepper and place into the hot pan. Sear the burgers, about 4 minutes, on one side. Flip and top each with 2 slices of the cheese. For medium rare, cook another 4 minutes on the other side. Remove the burgers from the pan and rest the meat, 10 minutes.nIn the meantime, toast the buns place them cutside down in the hot pan until lightly golden brown. In a medium bowl, toss the lettuce leaves with the red wine vinegar, olive oil and some salt and pepper.nTo assemble, place a burger atop the bottom half of each bun, top with a lettuce leaf and slice of tomato. Spread each bun top with some Special Sauce, and then serve with a pickle spear.nCombine the ketchup, mayonnaise, cornichons, horseradish and shallots together and season with some salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices sharp Cheddar, 4 potato hamburger buns, 4 leaves Bibb lettuce, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 slices tomato, 6 tablespoons Special Sauce, recipe follows, 4 kosher dill halfsour pickle spears, 12 cup spiced ketchup, such as Sir Kensingtons, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup finely minced cornichons, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon finely minced shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: GZs Ugly Burger, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}, 37071: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly butter and flour the cake pans.nPut the flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, and cocoa in a mixing bowl, and whisk together to blend. Put the sugars in a large mixing bowl, and whisk in the peanut oil. Then whisk in the eggs, 1 at a time, followed by the vanilla. When fully blended, add the flour mixture all at once, and mix just until smooth. Stir in the grated carrots and the pecans. Divide the batter evenly between the 3 cake pans. Drop each pan sharply onto the counter from a height of about 6 inches to remove any air pockets. Bake for 25 minutes, or until the center springs back gently when touched. Remove from the oven and place on cooling racks until completely cooled then unmold.nPlace 1 of the cake layers, bottom side up, on a cake plate or pedestal. Spoon approximately 14 of the frosting onto the layer, and spread it over evenly. Place a second layer, bottom side down, on top of the first, and spread with an equal amount of frosting. Place the final layer, bottom side down, on top of the others and frost the top and sides with the remaining frosting. Store in a cool but not refrigerated area until ready to serve.nPlace the butter in the mixing bowl of an electric mixer. Mix on medium speed just until the butter begins to become malleable, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream cheese, in pieces, and mix until thoroughly blended. Slowly add the confectioners sugar and vanilla, and mix until blended. Increase mixer speed slightly, and continue mixing for 2 to 3 minutes, until the frosting becomes light and fluffy. Remove from the mixer, and fold in the pecans., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted after measuring, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 tablespoon ground Ceylon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 cups peanut oil, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 cups finely grated carrots, 1 12 cups pecans, chopped, not too finely, Frosting, recipe follows, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 2inch pieces, 24 ounces cream cheese, chilled, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 cups chopped pecans], title: ThreeLayer Carrot Cake, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 37072: {instructions: To toast coconut, place shredded coconut in a frying pan over medium heat. Stir constantly until lightly golden.nIn a bowl, combine ice cream, nectar, and rum and mix until smooth consistency. Put into a container and place in freezer for 2 to 3 hours. In a grill pan over high heat or outdoor grill, grill pineapple rings for 3 to 5 minutes. Turn over and grill for an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to plate and set aside.nTo serve, place pineapple ring on plate with a scoop of Iced Coconut Cream. Top with any accumulated juice from pineapple. Sprinkle with toasted coconut., ingredients: [14 cup shredded coconut, lightly toasted, 1 pint coconut pineapple ice cream, 1 11.5ounce can pineapple coconut nectar, 1 teaspoon dark rum, 1 can sliced pineapple], title: Grilled Pineapple with Iced Coconut Cream, picturelink: null}, 37073: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly oil a 10inch cake pan. Line the pan with parchment or waxed paper and lightly oil the paper.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, coffee, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla extract. Gradually stir the flour mixture into the egg mixture. Mix until thoroughly blended.nLine the bottom of the cake pan with the pears in a circular design. Pour the batter on top of the pears. Bake for 55 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean.nPlace on a cooling rack and let stand for 10 minutes. With a butter knife, cut around the edge of the cake, loosening the sides. Invert the pan onto a plate. Using the handle of the knife, vigorously tap the top of the pan, even shaking it a bit, to loosen the cake. Leave the pan over the cake for 15 minutes. Remove the pan and let the cake cool completely., ingredients: [1 34 cups wholegrain pastry flour, 1 34 cups sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 34 cup brewed strong coffee, cooled, 34 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 to 3 large pears, peeled, cored and sliced], title: UpsideDown Pear Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 37074: {instructions: Place lettuce on large platter and scatter veggies across the top. Put the garlic, almonds, sun dried tomatoes, cilantro, mint and vinegar in food processor and turn it on  if you have trouble getting the dressing going, add a splash 2 tablespoons of water then stream in extravirgin olive oil. Process the dressing then season it with black pepper, to taste, and pour evenly over the salad and serve., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 cup shredded carrots, 4 scallions, cut into 3inch lengths then thinly sliced into sticks, 1 zucchini, cut into matchsticks, 1 red bell pepper, cut into matchsticks, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup smoked almonds, 4 soft sundried tomatoes, chopped, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, Handful fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, Splash of water, 2 tablespoons, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Black pepper], title: Garden Salad with Smoked Almond Dressing, picturelink: OqS2XampfAVXZeJ2KgFD93M5wQbzNyi}, 37075: {instructions: Snip off toptobottom slices all around the marshmallows, leaving a sticky core which you can eateach wedge will have a sticky inside and a powdery outside. You should have about 15 petals.nPress the sticky sides into the blue sanding sugar. Arrange about 10 petals around the edge of the cupcake so that they extend slightly over the edge. Arrange the remaining petals in a second layer on top of the first.nCut 2 small pieces from the black licorice, dab some frosting on the ends and dip in the yellow sanding sugar. Stand it in the center of the flower., ingredients: [3 to 4 large marshmallows, Blue and yellow sanding sugars, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 1 thin black licorice strip, A bit of extra frosting], title: Large Marshmallow Flower, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 37076: {instructions: Roast the peppers whole under a broiler, stovetop, or grill, turning occasionally until the skins blister and chars all over, about 7 to 8 minutes on each side. When pepper skin is black, place peppers in a paper grocery bag, and let steam to loosen the skins for about 15 minutes. Rip back the edges of the grocery bag and peel the blackened skin off the peppers right into the bag for easy clean up. Remove the seeds and tear each pepper into 6 sections. Put the peppers on a platter and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with slices of Pecorino and fresh parsley., ingredients: [4 red bell peppers, 4 yellow bell peppers, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces Pecorino cheese, cut into 14inch thick slices, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped or torn Italian parsley leaves], title: Roasted Peppers and Pecorino Cheese, picturelink: null}, 37077: {instructions: For the CucumberYogurt Dip: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the Spring Rolls: In the bowl of a food processor, pulse together the shallot, garlic, and carrot until finely chopped. Add the mushrooms and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the shrimp, sugar, soy sauce, salt, and pepper. Pulse until the shrimp is chopped into 14inch pieces.nPlace a spring roll wrapper on a work surface. Brush the edges with the beaten egg. Place a heaped tablespoon of the filling about 1inch from the closest edge of thenwrapper. Spread the filling into a log, approximately 4 12inches long and 1inch wide. Place a heaped tablespoon of the cooked noodles on top. Fold the closest edge of the wrapper over the filling. Fold the right and left edges of the wrapper over the filling. Roll up the spring roll tightly and place, seam side down, on a parchment paperlined baking sheet until ready to cook. Repeat with the remaining spring roll wrappers.nIn a highsided saucepan, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat until it registers 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Cook the spring rolls, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes, turning occasionally, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nCut the spring rolls in half diagonally and transfer to a serving platter. Serve immediately with the CucumberYogurt Dip., ingredients: [1 4inch piece hothouse cucumber, finely diced, 13 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon hot chili oil, Spring Rolls, 1 medium shallot, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 large carrot, peeled, and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup 3 12 ounces assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini, and button, 34 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 16 spring roll wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, 1 12 cups cooked cellophane noodles or bean threads, cut into 2inch pieces, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Shrimp Spring Rolls with CucumberYogurt Dip, picturelink: oEHtevDG1wRqHJoXXw96da89Dfq94Fu}, 37078: {instructions: In a small bowl, cover currants with hot water. Let sit and plump for 15 minutes. In a saucepan heat the chicken broth and butter to a boil. Stir in the couscous. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, make the dressing: whisk together the lemon juice, cinnamon and olive oil. When the couscous is done, transfer it to a bowl and break up the lumps with a fork. Drain currants and add to the couscous. Stir in the scallions, pistachios and parsley. Toss the couscous with the dressing and serve., ingredients: [12 cup currants, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup couscous, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 pinches cinnamon, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup sliced scallions, 12 cup pistachios, 2 tablespoons parsley], title: Couscous with Pistachios, Scallions and Currants, picturelink: null}, 37079: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 heavy bottomed skillet or saute pan, 12 inch in diameter with coversnCut the tentacles away where they join the head, clean the octopus head by squeezing out the core with your fingers and cut the head into thin slices. Cut the tentacles into 1 inch pieces. In the meantime warm some olive oil in the skillet. Once the oil is hot add the octopus pieces, cover for about a minute and then saute until crispy. Remove from pan and gently toss the tentacles with the potatoes in a large mixing bowl. Pour in the vinegar, onion and tomatoes and continue to gently toss to coat well. Toss in some chives and plate on desired vessel, sprinkle with chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 lbs. braised octopus, Salt  pepper to taste, 6 tbs. spoons olive oil, 12 Ruby potatoes skin on boiled, slightly cooled and cut in half, 3 tbs. red wine vinegar, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups small colorful tomatoes cherrygrapeheirloom, 1 bunch chives or scallions, 1 lemon], title: Polipo alla Triestina, picturelink: null}, 37080: {instructions: For the Charred JalapenoBasil Vinaigrette: Heat oil in a small saute pan until smoking. Add the jalapeno and cook until charred on all sides. Let the pepper cool and slice thinly. Place the pepper and the remaining ingredients in a medium bowl and whisk until blended.nFor the Crispy Fish: Heat oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F. Pat fish on both sides with paper towels to insure that it is totally dry. Season the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Mix rice flour and water together. Dredge both sides of each fish in the batter and tap off any excess. Slowly lower the fish into the oil and fry for 6 to 7 minutes. Carefully remove, drain on plate lined with paper towels and drizzle immediately with the vinaigrette.nFor the Grilled Vegetables: Toss vegetables with olive oil, salt and pepper, and grill until tender., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 jalapeno pepper, 3 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons basil chiffonade, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 cups canola oil, 4 whole red snapper about 1 pound each cleaned and scaled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups seasoned rice flour, 4 cups water, 1 red onion, sliced thick, 1 eggplant, sliced thick, 1 fennel, cut into 6 pieces, 1 red pepper, cut into 4 pieces, 1 yellow pepper, cut into 4 pieces, Olive oil, to coat, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste], title: Crispy Whole Red Snapper with Charred JalapenoBasil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 37081: {instructions: Season a pork shoulder with barbecue spice. Let stand for 1 hour. Smoke the pork shoulder for about 4 hours or until it reaches 160 degrees internal temperature. Cool and pull the pork by hand. Set aside until you toss salad.nPeel, cut, and season the sweet potatoes with salt, pepper and vegetable oil. Roast the sweet potatoes in a 375 degree oven until browned and tender about 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Roast the corn on the cob in a 375 degree oven until lightly browned. Cool and cut off the cob.nBarbecue Vinaigrette: Whisk all ingredients together.nFried Buttermilk Onions: Soak the onions in buttermilk for 12 hour. Mix flour with salt and pepper. Drain the onions and dredge them in flour. Fry the onions in vegetable oil until crisp and golden brown. Use the fried onions to garnish.nToss all the ingredients together, taste and adjust the seasoning. Garnish with the queso fresca and the fried onions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Pork shoulder, 4 sweet potatoes, medium size cut in 1inch cubes, 6 ounces pulled barbecue pork, 2 roasted corn, cut off the cob, 2 tablespoons cilantro, roughly chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, green part only, 12 cup red onions, diced, Queso Fresca, 1 12 cups your favorite barbecue sauce, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon chipotle peppers in adobo, minced, Salt and pepper, 1 white onion, large, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup flour, Salt and pepper], title: Sweet Potato and Pulled Pork Salad, picturelink: null}, 37082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a deep pot over medium high heat and add oil and pancetta. Brown the pancetta bits lightly, and add herb stems, bay leaf, chopped vegetables, and garlic. Season vegetables with salt and pepper. Add beans, tomato sauce, water, and stock to pot and raise heat to high. Bring soup to a rapid boil and add pasta. Reduce heat to medium and cook soup, stirring occasionally, 6 to 8 minutes or until pasta is cooked al dente. Rosemary and thyme leaves will separate from stems as soup cooks. Remove herb stems and bay leaf from soup and place pot on table on a trivet. Let soup rest and begin to cool for a few minutes. Ladle soup into bowls and top with lots of grated cheese. Pass crusty bread for bowl mopping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 18 pound about 3 slices pancetta, chopped, Two 4 to 6inch sprigs rosemary, left intact, One 4 to 6inch sprig thyme with several sprigs on it, left intact, 1 large fresh bay leaf or 2 dried bay leaves, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, Coarse salt and pepper, Two 15ounce cans cannellini beans, 1 cup canned tomato sauce or canned crushed tomatoes, 2 cups water, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 12 cups ditalini, Grated Parmigiano or Romano, for the table, Crusty bread, for mopping], title: Pasta and Beans: Pasta e Fagioli, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 37083: {instructions: Have all ingredients ready before you begin.nLay out one of the kitchen towels, open the filo package, unroll and place on the towel. Cover with the second towel.nPlace a whole sheet of filo onto one of the sheet pans, brush with melted butter mixed with honey and sprinkle with pistachios.nRepeat two more times, but on last layer sprinkle with sugar.nCut into six equal squares.nPlace a square into a greased muffin tin, pressing gently down to fit form, leave tips sticking up or slightly laying over.nBake at 375 degrees until golden and crispy, approximately 10 minutes.nBring the milk to a boil.nMix couscous, cinnamon, ginger, butter and salt together.nPour milk over the couscous mixture and mix to break up any lumps.nBring cream, sugar and vanilla to a boil.nCombine egg yolks in a small bowl, add half of boiled cream to egg yolk mix.nReturn egg yolks to boiling cream and whisk until thickened, do not boil.nStrain and pour into couscous mixture, stir and cool.nReturn to pot and cook to boil, remove from heat.nPlace mixture in bowl, cover with plastic and refrigerate overnightnIn a medium nonreactive saucepan, combine sugar and water, bring to a boil.nAdd quince, cinnamon, cloves and lemon juice, reduce the heat to low.nSimmer, stirring occasionally, until fruit is tender and translucent, remove from heat, pour into bowl to cool.nStrain quince from liquid and puree 14 of the quince.nAdd the puree to the left over quince and add additional poaching liquid to moisten slightly to make it a spoonable sauce.nTo Assemble:nPlace filo dough on plate, spoon some couscous custard into the cup.nSpoon some quince compote onto the plate, garnish with whipped cream, mint and a few berries., ingredients: [1 package frozen fillo dough, defrosted, 8 ounces melted butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cups ground natural pistachios, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 slightly damp kitchen towels, 1 pastry brush, 2 cookie sheets lined with parchment paper, 6 tablespoons milk, 34 cup couscous, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, Salt, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, 8 egg yolks, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1 pound quince, cored, peeled and cut into small cubes 14inch 1 cinnamon stick, 1 clove, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Couscous Custard, picturelink: null}, 37084: {instructions: Cut off the top and the bottom of the melon. Set the melon upright on 1 of the cut sides. Using a smooth stroking action from the top of the melon to the bottom, let your knife peel off the outer layer. When the entire melon is peeled, quarter the melon by cutting it from top to bottom. Scoop out the seeds and cut each 14 into 5 slices cut the slices in 12.nCut each slice of prosciutto into 3 pieces and wrap the middle of each melon slice with the prosciutto. Arrange on a platter., ingredients: [1 medium cantaloupe, ripe, 13 pound thinly sliced prosciutto], title: Prosciutto and Melon, picturelink: null}, 37085: {instructions: Prepare a fire in a barbecue. When coals are hot, adjust rack so it is about 3 inches from the coals.nCombine the garlic salt, pepper, and salt and rub over the meat. Sear the meat over hot coals for about 6 minutes per side, turning once. Adjust the rack so the meat is farther from coals, about 6 or 8 inches, and continue to cook meat, turning once or twice, until done to your liking, 20 to 30 minutes. Slice meat across grain and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tritip steak, about 1 12 to 2 pounds], title: TriTip Barbecue, picturelink: null}, 37086: {instructions: Thinly slice 12 small red onion and soak in ice water, 10 minutes. Whisk 14 cup olive oil with the juice of 1 lime and 12 orange in a large bowl. Add a 15ounce can hearts of palm drained and sliced, 1 sliced mango and 1 sliced jalapeno. Drain the onion add to the salad along with 1 bunch trimmed watercress. Season with salt and toss.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Tropical Watercress Salad, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 37087: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nAssemble acorn squash on a baking sheet. Place 1 tablespoon of butter and brown sugar in each half. Add 14 teaspoon of nutmeg in each and season with salt. Bake until golden and tender, about 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes, basting flesh of squash several times.nTwenty minutes before the squash is done, sprinkle edges with raw sugar. Serve squash warm., ingredients: [2 acorn squash, sliced in 12, seeds removed, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt, 2 tablespoons raw cane sugar], title: Sweet Roasted Acorn Squash, picturelink: 0kuiYxtR3QN8Mm1zJvpTAnqMaCbEyZi}, 37088: {instructions: Special equipment: a disposable pastry bagnFreeze the grape slices until frozen, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the Gorgonzola and mascarpone in a bowl and mix with an electric hand mixer until combined. Fill a disposable pastry bag with the cheese mixture and snip the tip about 12 inch from the end.nRemove the top third from each fig and place upright on a small baking sheet. Add the walnuts and roast until the figs are soft and beginning to caramelize and the walnuts are toasty, about 10 minutes.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat and add a splash of olive oil. Add the prosciutto and saute until crispy, about 5 minutes. Add a splash of red wine vinegar and remove from the heat.nFinely chop the walnuts. Pipe a heaping amount of the cheese mixture into each fig. Roll the tops in chopped walnuts. Top with crispy prosciutto pieces. Stick a frozen grape slice in each., ingredients: [2 red grapes, thinly sliced, 12 cup Gorgonzola cheese, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 4 fresh figs, 12 cup walnuts, Splash olive oil, 3 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced, Splash red wine vinegar], title: Roasted Stuffed Fig with Gorgonzola, picturelink: G4t0iI0J2tyezN3P6vEBKYzYq1tPjDW}, 37089: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 wire racks 2 rimmed baking sheetsnAdjust 2 oven racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the wire racks in the baking sheets and coat each generously with cooking spray.nCombine the flour and 34 teaspoon salt in a large resealable plastic bag. Combine the eggs and 34 teaspoon salt in another large plastic bag combine the breadcrumbs and 34 teaspoon salt in a third large plastic bag.nAdd about a half of the zucchini rounds to the flour, and use a combination of your hands and shaking the bag to coat the zucchini. Remove the zucchini and shake off any excess flour. Transfer to the egg wash and repeat until coated. Its less messy if you use only one hand for the dry ingredients and the other for the wet. Let any excess egg drip off before transferring to the breadcrumb mixture repeat until fully coated youll still see some green and white of the zucchini peeking through the breading. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and coat the breaded zucchini generously with cooking spray theres no need to turn them. Repeat with the remaining zucchini.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom about halfway through, until golden brown and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nLower the oven to 350 degrees F and let the baking sheet cool for a few minutes. Remove the rack from one of the baking sheets and line the baking sheet with foil. Slide the baked zucchini onto the baking sheet and scatter the cheese and jalapenos on top. Bake until the cheese melts, about 10 minutes. Thin the sour cream out with a little water, until its pourable, and drizzle over the nachos. Then garnish with the pico de gallo, avocado, radish and cilantro. Serve with lime on the side., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 12 cups panko breadcrumbs See Cooks Note, 1 pound zucchini 2 to 3 small to medium zucchini, cut into 14inchthick rounds, 1 12 cups shredded Mexicanblend cheese about 4.5 ounces, 14 cup sliced pickled jalapenos, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup pico de gallo or salsa, 1 small avocado, diced, 1 radish, thinly sliced, A small handful cilantro leaves and tender stems, 1 lime, quartered], title: Zucchini Fry Nachos, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 37090: {instructions: Cut the kernels of corn from the cobs. Reserve the cobs.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large, deep pot and over mediumlow heat. Add the corn, garlic and onions. Sweat until the corn is slightly brown and the onions are translucent.nCarefully add the cobs and fill the pot with water until the corn is covered. Raise the heat and boil for 30 minutes.nRemove the corn from the heat and allow to cool. Then chill for at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nRemove the cobs with tongs, and use an immersion blender to blend the corn and onions. This is the soup base. To this add the coconut milk and blend again. Separate the soup base into the desired portions for adults and kids. Season the adult version with salt, lime juice and chipotle adobo... this stuff is hot, so do as much or as little as you want.nFor the kids, season the soup with salt and serve cold, garnished with caramel corn.nServe the soup cold, garnished with a few pieces of honeydew melon.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [24 ears of corn, shucked, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 onions, diced, 1 can coconut milk, Salt, Lime juice, Chipotle in adobo, Chopped fresh cilantro, Caramel corn, 12 honeydew melon, flesh scooped out with a small melon baller], title: Chilled Corn Soup, picturelink: 5UfZBAlS4OplC3tcpp2x4XqHvPrL8m}, 37091: {instructions: For the honeyglazed walnuts: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking tray with parchment paper.nPlace the walnuts on a baking tray. Drizzle the honey over the walnuts, season with cayenne and salt.nBake in the oven until walnuts are golden brown, approximately 10 minutes.nFor the endive and water chestnut salad: Put the endives, water chestnuts and chile in a bowl. Add the honey, white wine vinegar and lime juice, gently toss to coat. Season the salad with salt. Garnish with the honeyglazed walnuts., ingredients: [HoneyGlazed Walnuts, 1 cup walnuts, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch salt, Endive and Water Chestnut Salad, 2 endives, leaves separated, 2 cups canned water chestnuts, drained and cut in half, 1 red finger chile, sliced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Juice of 1 lime, Salt], title: Endive Water Chestnut Salad, picturelink: null}, 37092: {instructions: Using 4 parfait glasses or cocktail glasses, pour 12 a shot of creme de menthe into each glass. Top with scoops of mint chocolate ice cream, then drizzle another 12 a shot per parfait of creme de menthe over ice cream. Garnish parfaits with mint candy and fresh mint sprigs., ingredients: [4 shots creme de menthe liqueur, 1 mint chocolate ice cream, 4 chocolate mint candies, such as Andes or peppermint patties, 4 sprigs fresh mint], title: Chocolate Mint Parfaits, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 37093: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with paper liners set aside.nCombine in a bowl both flours, sugar, baking powder and salt. Mix on low speed until combined for about 3 minutes. Add in cubed butter, mixing until just coated with flour.nAdd eggs 1 at a time until combined. Slowly add milk and vanilla to batter until completely mixed scraping down the bowl as you mix.nScoop batter into baking cups filling about 23 full. Bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 17 to 20 minutes.nCool and decorate with Old Fashioned Frosting.nCream softened butter and add 4 cups sugar, milk and vanilla. Beat with paddle attachment until smooth gradually add the rest of sugar to reach frosting consistency. See Cooks Note, ingredients: [1 34 cups cake flour not selfrising, 1 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 4 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Old Fashioned Frosting, recipe follows, 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 8 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or other flavoring], title: OldFashioned Cupcakes, picturelink: kxApkFI1BtPsDtCNLNKQtYEVnTCya}, 37094: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the mascarpone, piquillo pepper puree, mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon salt, smoked paprika, and white pepper. Mix on low speed until all of the ingredients are incorporated evenly. Remove the bowl from the mixer and add the sharp Cheddar cheese, diced piquillo peppers, aged sharp Cheddar cheese, Parmesan cheese, and parsley to the bowl. Mix by hand until evenly incorporated. Adjust seasoning, if needed.nPlace the cheese into a container and refrigerate for 1 day.nLay the ground beef on top of a large sheet of plastic wrap. Place another piece of plastic wrap on top of the beef. Press the beef out to form a large square about 13 inches on all sides and about 34 to 1inch thick.nLay a piece of the pullman bread on top of the plastic and cut burgers slightly larger than the bread. Cut a total of 4 burgers all the same size. Remove the plastic on both sides of the meat and season with salt and pepper on both sides. The burgers can be made and seasoned up to a day in advance.nPlace a large cast iron skillet over high heat and allow it to heat about 4 to 5 minutes. If you dont have one large enough for all the burgers use 2 skillets. When the skillet is hot, reduce the heat to mediumhigh and add the burgers to the pan. Cook on the first side for 3 to 4 minutes, or until it has a nice crust on the bottom.nAdd the butter to the pan. Flip the burgers over and cook for another 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the burgers from the pan and keep warm. Allow the meat to rest for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the brioche and brown in the beef fat. Add pimento cheese to the bread and allow it to melt while it is browning.nAdd the rested burgers to the browned brioche top with the pimento cheese. Cut the burgers in half and serve., ingredients: [12 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup piquillo peppers, pureed, 14 cup mayonnaise, Salt, 1 12 teaspoons smoked hot paprika, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 cup sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded, 12 cup diced piquillo peppers, diced, 14 cup aged sharp Cheddar cheese, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground beef chuck 7030 recommended, Pullman brioche cut into 12inch thick slices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Patty Melt with Pimento Cheese, picturelink: null}, 37095: {instructions: In shallow dish stir together eggs, milk, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, vanilla and 12 teaspoon of the cinnamon. Dip bread slices into egg mixture, turning to generously coat both sides. Place on 15 x 10 x 1inch baking pan coated with cooking spray.nBake at 450 degrees F about 11 minutes or until light brown.nMeanwhile, in small bowl stir together remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and remaining 14 teaspoon cinnamon.nTurn bread slices. Sprinkle with KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Lightly press cereal into bread. Sprinkle sugarcinnamon mixture over cereal. Bake at 450 degrees F about 5 minutes more or until light brown.nTop each slice with some banana slices. Serve with syrup., ingredients: [3 eggs slightly beaten, 23 cup fatfree milk or evaporated fatfree milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, divided, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, divided, 8 slices 1inch thick French or Italian bread about 3 to 4inches in diameter, 1 cup RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 2 medium bananas, sliced or 2 cups sliced fresh strawberries, 12 cup maple syrup, warmed], title: Baked Cinnamon French Toast, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 37096: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine all ingredients. Chill before serving to let the flavors marry., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped capers, 10 tablespoons chopped cornichons, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 lemon, juiced, Dash hot sauce, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Homemade Tartar Sauce, picturelink: GfXga8kylcpCqs6kTduW3KAq9qqqna}, 37097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl mix together the icing with the green food coloring until desired monster green is reached. Put the frosting in a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag fitted with pastry tip. Pipe a haphazard squiggle pattern on top of the cupcake until completely covered and slightly mounded. Put a green gummy ring on top. Create eyes for the monster by putting 2 brown coated candies into the center of the green gummy candy. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes.nUse cashew nuts to create horns by inserting them into the frosting behind the eyes with the smaller side facing up. Repeat with remaining cupcakes. Arrange the cupcakes on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cans white frosting, Green food coloring, 1 dozen favorite flavor storebought uniced cupcakes, Pastry bag or resealable plastic bag, No. 7 round pastry tip, 12 green apple gummy rings or green fruit jells, 24 brown chocolate coated candies recommended: M and Ms, Cashew nuts], title: Monster Cupcakes, picturelink: ySH7IzgJAVU.pgizaUsNcGpAiLo8kC}, 37098: {instructions: Roast the chilies over an open flame or on a griddle until blackened but not charred. Wrap the chilies in a towel and place them in a plastic bag for about 10 minutes. Remove the chilies and with the help of a kitchen towel rub the skins off. The chilies should be firm. Cut them in 12inch strips discarding all the seeds and the ribs. Do not rinse them. Heat the oil in a large pan over medium heat. Add the chilies and the onions at the same time. Stir often. When everything is soft add all the sour cream and the chicken bouillon granules to taste. When the cream is hot turn off the burner and add the cheese. Cover immediately. Enjoy with warm tortillas and white rice., ingredients: [5 or 6 fresh poblano chiles, 3 tablespoons corn oil, 2 large onions, halved and sliced about 14inch thick, 1 16ounce container sour cream, Chicken bouillon granules, to taste, 1 12 cups oaxaca or mozzarella cheese, cut in small cubes], title: Rajas con Queso, picturelink: null}, 37099: {instructions: Soak the hickory chips in water for 1 hour before grilling.nFor the brine: Combine the apple cider and water in a large, oval Dutch oven. Add the salt and sugar and stir until it dissolves. Add the black peppercorns and bay leaves. Add the brisket and let soak in the brine solution for up to 3 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the rub: Combine the salt, paprika, pepper, sugar, and onion powder together in a bowl.nFor the sauce: Add all the ingredients to a saucepan and simmer for 5 minutes so the butter can melt and the flavors can marry.nFor the brisket: Set up your smoker with charcoal and hickory chips using indirect heat. Heat the grill to 275 degrees F.nRemove the brisket from the fridge. Drain from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Place on a rimmed sheet tray. Rub the brisket with the spice mixture.nPlace the seasoned brisket fat cap side up on the grill and smoke for 2 hours with the grill lid covered. Starting with the fat cap side up allows the fat to melt into the brisket, adding moisture and flavor. Flip and smoke 2 more hours. Check and refill charcoal levels and hickory chips throughout the smoking process, keeping the temperature at a constant 275 degrees F.nRemove the brisket from the grill and wrap in a double layer of heavyduty aluminum foil. Place back on the grill for 1 12 more hours.nRemove the brisket from the grill, unwrap the foil, brush the brisket with sauce or serve on the side, tent with foil, and let rest for 30 minutes before slicing across the grain. Drizzle more sauce when serving., ingredients: [Hickory chips, for smoking, 4 cups apple cider, 12 cups cold water, 12 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 1 5 to6 pound beef brisket, fat cap 14 to 12inch thick, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 14 cup light molasses, 14 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Cider Brisket, picturelink: null}, 37100: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThrow the cookies and melted butter into a food processor and pulverize. Or, if you have some aggression or energy to expend, you can crush them in a large resealable plastic bag using a rolling pin Set a small handful of crumbs aside to sprinkle over the finished pie. Pour the rest into a pie pan and press into the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Set aside.nHeat the marshmallow and halfandhalf in a saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly. As soon as its all melted and combined, place the saucepan in a bowl of ice to cool down quickly. Stirring occasionally will hasten this process. Once cool, add the creme de menthe and creme de cacao. Taste and add more creme de menthe if needed. Add the green food coloring if using.nIn a mixing bowl, beat the cream until stiff. Pour the cold marshmallow mixture into the whipped cream and fold together gently. Pour the filling into the chocolate crust. Sprinkle over the reserved cookie crumbs.nFreeze until very firm, about 2 hours. Remove from the freezer 10 minutes or so before you want to slice and serve., ingredients: [32 chocolate sandwich cookies, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Two 7ounce containers marshmallow creme, 23 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons creme de menthe liqueur, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons creme de cacao liqueur, 1 to 2 drops green food coloring, optional, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Grasshopper Pie, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 37101: {instructions: 1. Slice eggs in half lengthwise. Remove yolks place in small bowl. Mash yolks with fork or potato masher.n2. Stir in mayonnaise, mustard, parsley and seasoned salt until smooth and creamy. Spoon or pipe yolk mixture into egg white halves. Sprinkle with paprika.n3. Refrigerate 1 hour or until ready to serve.nGently place eggs in single layer in medium saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover eggs with 1 inch of water. Bring just to boil on mediumhigh heat. Remove from heat. Cover and let stand about 15 minutes for large eggs. Adjust time up or down by 3 minutes for each size larger or smaller. After 15 minutes, pour off the hot water and rapidly cool eggs by running them under cold water or place in ice water until completely cooled. Refrigerate and use within a week., ingredients: [6 hardcooked eggs, peeled, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Mustard, Ground, 12 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Parsley Flakes, 14 teaspoon seasoned salt, McCormicku00ae Paprika], title: Delicious Deviled Eggs, picturelink: Rxptg2FQHPh5EiKjkcEDgZbLu0givG}, 37102: {instructions: Combine the blackberries, acai puree, banana, cocoa powder, coconut butter if using, honey, vanilla and almond milk in a blender and puree until completely smooth. The mixture is extremely thick and you may need to stop the blender and scrape down the sides to get it moving. Pour into 2 glasses and garnish with cacao nibs if using., ingredients: [1 cup frozen blackberries, Two 3.5ounce packs frozen unsweetened acai puree, broken into pieces, 1 frozen banana, peeled and broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons raw cacao powder or unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon coconut butter or coconut oil, optional, 1 tablespoon raw honey, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 14 cups unsweetened almond milk, Cacao nibs, for garnish, optional], title: Acai, Blackberry and Cacao Smoothie, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 37103: {instructions: Chop chocolate fine and place in small bowl. Place cream in small pot and bring to a simmer. Pour simmering cream over chopped chocolate and stir until smooth. Cool to room temperature before glazing., ingredients: [4 ounces good quality bittersweet chocolate, 4 ounces heavy cream], title: Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: null}, 37104: {instructions: Heat a panini pan and press over medium heat. To assemble: Spread one slice of the bread with half the fig preserves and top with half of the slices of cheese and 2 to 3 slices of prosciutto. Spread half the radicchio over the prosciutto and top with the bread. Press down and brush the outside of the bread with the oil. Slice in half. Press in the panini pan until the bread is brown and the cheese is melted. Repeat with the other roll., ingredients: [Two 4inch slices ciabatta, cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons fig preserves, 4 ounces taleggio cheese, 6 slices prosciutto, 12 cup thinly sliced radicchio, Olive oil, for brushing], title: Prosciutto, Taleggio and Radicchio Panini, picturelink: null}, 37105: {instructions: Wash and slice zucchini into 1inch thick rounds. Scoop out the center with melon baller, trying to remove as much flesh as possible without puncturing the bottom. Set the hollow zucchini on a baking sheet with parchment paper.nSautu00e9 onions in butter until light brown. Add sliced mushrooms, and cook over medium high flame until soft. Add wine, chicken stock, if using, salt, and pepper and cook until liquid is evaporated and set aside.nWhisk eggs and milk until smooth. Fill zucchini with a little mushroom mixture, pine nuts, and fill to top with egg and milk mixture. Top with cheese and bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 15 minutes, until the cheese browns., ingredients: [5 medium zucchini, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 2 ounces butter, 4 ounces sliced wild mushrooms, 14 cup white wine or dry sherry, 14 cup chicken stock, optional, Salt and pepper, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1ounce pine nuts, 4 ounces Gruyere], title: ZUCCHINI STUFFED WITH WILD MUSHROOM AND PINE NUT QUICHE, picturelink: null}, 37106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBuild a mediumhot fire on a charcoal grill or heat a gas grill to high.nPlace a heavy, enameled castiron Dutch oven like Le Creuset on the center of the grill. When hot, add the chorizo and cook until crisp crumbly, about 6 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the chorizo to paper towels to drain.nAdd the butter and onions and cook on mediumhigh heat until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant. Add the tequila and clam juice and bring to a boil, scraping up the browned bits at the bottom of the pot. Add the clams and cover with a lid. Cook on the grill until the clams are wide open, 10 to 12 minutes. Make sure to discard any clams that remain unopened.nReturn the chorizo to the pot and stir to combine. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro and serve with sourdough bread for dipping., ingredients: [6 ounces raw chorizo, removed from casings, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small white onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 cup tequila anejo, 34 cup bottled clam juice, 2 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed and rinsed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 loaf sourdough bread, for serving], title: Tequila Chorizo Clams on the Grill, picturelink: g5pAFtVYFkG8mGghjbf2K5AIjnAlvq}, 37107: {instructions: With a small paring knife, pierce a small hole at each end of each eclair. Put pastry cream in pastry bag fitted with small plain tip. Insert tip into one hole in one eclair and squeeze to fill. Place tip in other hole and repeat. Repeat with each eclair until all are filled. Use a small offset spatula to glaze each eclair with chocolate ganache. Let ganache set before serving., ingredients: [12 empty eclair shells, 2 cups caramel pastry cream, chilled, 1 cup chocolate ganache, at room temperature], title: Caramel Chocolate Eclairs, picturelink: null}, 37108: {instructions: Note: The only tricky part of this dish is smoking the crayfish. I used a domestic smoker that you should be able to find at a good hardware or kitchenware store. Follow the instructions with your smoker and you shouldnt have any problems.nBring the smoker to heat, then place in the crayfish tails and smoke over a moderate heat for 10 to15 minutes. To check if the tails are ready, take 1 piece out of the smoker and using a sharp knife, insert it into the thickest part of the tail. The flesh should be opaque in color, neither raw nor totally white. Take the tails from the smoker and leave to cool. If the tails arent quite ready, just put back in the smoker and smoke a little more. The smoker will generate heat, so the hotter the smoker, the quicker the tails will cook. Once the crayfish are cool enough to handle, pry the meat from the shells and cut into thick chunks.nPlace the salad leaves in a large bowl and scatter on the crayfish, the tomatoes and the cheese. Whisk the avocado oil and the lemon juice together, season well, then pour dressing over the salad, and gently toss together. Eat immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds uncooked crayfish tails, split down the back to give 2 identical halves, 2 large handfuls assorted salad leaves and greens rocket, endive, salad burnet, radicchio, escarole, tat soi, etc, 16 small tomatoes, halved or whole, 7 ounces 200 grams goats cheese, choose one that isnt too dry, and crumble it, 23 cup 150 milliliters avocado oil, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Smoked Crayfish Salad, picturelink: null}, 37109: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, cut 12inch slits all over lamb. Insert garlic slices into slits. Brush the lamb with 14 cup of the olive oil and sprinkle with herbs. Place in a baking dish, cover and let marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat grill. Brush green onions with some of the remaining oil and and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until almost cooked through. Remove to a plate.nRemove lamb from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the lamb until the thickest part registers 135 degrees F. for medium rare, turning occasionally, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a platter and tent with foil. Let stand 10 minutes.nBrush bread with some of the olive oil and grill, cut side down for until lightly golden brown, about 1 minute.nChop onions. Cut lamb diagonally into thin slices. Serves with green onions, aioli and tapenade.nSage Aioli: Puree garlic, oil and sage in a food processor until smooth. Add the mayonnaise and lemon juice and process until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nSundried TomatoBlack Olive Tapanade: Combine all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 3 pound butterflied boned leg of lamb, 6 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 12 cup olive oil, 2 bunches spring onions, trimmed, 2 French bread baguettes, each cut crosswise into five 4inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 6 sage leaves, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 ounces oil packed sundried tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 5 ounces pitted Nicoise olives, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Lamb Sandwiches with Grilled Spring Onions with Sage Aioli and Sundried Tomato Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 37110: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the bread crumbs with salt and pepper, to taste. Add 2 to 3 teaspoons of the olive oil, to just dampen the crumbs and mix well with a fork. Spread onto a rimmed baking sheet and toast in oven until golden and crisped, about 5 to 7 minutes. Allow to cool, then toss in chopped thyme.nBrush the goat cheese disks lightly with the remaining 14 cup of the oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the cheese on all sides with toasted bread crumbs. Bake on a parchment or silicone lined rimmed baking sheet until warmed through, about 5 minutes.nDivide the mixed baby greens between 4 plates. Carefully, divide the goat cheese rounds on top of each salad, garnish with a sprig of thyme and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup rosemary infused olive oil, plus 3 teaspoons, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus 4 sprigs for garnish, 1 12ounce log fresh goat cheese, sliced into 12inch disks, 4 ounces baby mixed greens, washed and dried], title: Crispy Goat Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 37111: {instructions: Combine 1 diced small papaya and the juice of 1 lime in a bowl. Mash 12 chopped seeded habanero chile and 12 teaspoon kosher salt into a paste with a large knife, then add 12 cup cilantro and mince. Add the chile mixture to the bowl along with 2 diced avocados and 12 diced red onion stir until combined and season with salt.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Papaya Guacamole, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 37112: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degreesnIn a saucepan add water, butter, shortening, powdered milk, and salt and bring to a boil. When boiling, add the pastry flour and mix well. Pour these ingredients into a standing mixer with a whisk attachment and add the eggs, 1 at a time. Mix until all ingredients are combined well. Remove the batter from the mixer and pour into a pastry bag. Using a small tip, pipe the batter out about 2 inches long onto a baking sheet covered with parchment paper. Bake at 350 for 45 to 50 minutes.nIn a small saucepan mix together the milk, 14 cup sugar, the butter and vanilla bean scrapings and bring it to a boil. In a medium bowl whisk together the remaining 14 cup sugar with the cornstarch. Add the eggs and yolks and mix until well combined. Temper the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture and add combined mixture back into the hot milk. Bring the pastry cream to a boil. Remove from the heat and strain it through a fine sieve into a medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap that touches the cream itself. Refrigerate until ready to use. Pastry cream will stay fresh covered and refrigerated for up to 1 week. Yield: approximately 4 cupsnPlace the filling into a pastry bag and using a small tip, fill the center of the Eclair., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 8 tablespoons butter 12 cup or 1 stick, 6 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon powdered milk, Pinch salt, 23 cup pastry flour, 6 eggs, 1 pint whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 vanilla bean, split, scrapings reserved, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 eggs, 2 egg yolks], title: Eclairs, picturelink: null}, 37113: {instructions: Remove outer leaves of lettuce and wash thoroughly in cold water. Drain and pat dry with paper towels then split into wedges and arrange on plates. Scatter grape tomato halves over and around the lettuce.nMake dressing by combining mayonnaise and sour cream in a large mixing bowl. Squeeze in fresh lemon juice, fold in blue cheese and chives and season with salt and pepper. Pour dressing over wedge and grape tomatoes. Drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil and top with chives., ingredients: [1 large head iceberg lettuce, cut into large wedges, 1 cup grape tomatoes, split down the middle, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, extravirgin olive oil, Bleu cheese dressing:, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 6 ounces 34 cup crumbled mild blue cheese such, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Iceberg Wedge, picturelink: null}, 37114: {instructions: Coat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together soy sauce, honey, molasses, ginger, garlic, liquid smoke seasoning, and black pepper. Add chicken strips and turn to coat. Place chicken on hot grill and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until cooked through, turning once during cooking. Remove chicken from grill pan and roll in toasted sesame seeds.nDrain cellophane noodles and toss with cilantro and sesame oil. Serve chicken with noodles and snap peas.nServe 4 of the chicken breast halves about 6 strips per serving with this meal, with all of the noodles and snap peas, and reserve extra chicken for another meal., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon blackstrap molasses, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into thin strips, 14 cup sesame seeds, lightly toasted, 8 ounces cellophane noodles, soaked in hot water until tender, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 4 cups snap peas, steamed], title: HoneyTeriyaki Chicken Fingers with Sesame Seeds with Sesame Cellophane Noodles and Snap Peas, picturelink: FgkxEYdZIFjSCVZqr7Xu7e7NvWXUcy}, 37115: {instructions: Set up a steamer lined with lettuce or cabbage leaves. Pat dry the fish inside and out. Season inside and out. Place in steamer and steam for 8 to 10 minutes until done. In a saute pan, coated lightly with oil, saute the black beans, garlic, ginger, and shallots until soft. Add sambal and deglaze with wine. Reduce by 12. Add tomatoes, bell peppers, jicama, stock, and basil. Whisk in butter. Taste for seasoning. Lay fish on top of noodle cake and dress with sauce. Garnish with scallions.nIn a large nonstick saute pan on high heat, coated with oil, add the scallions and onions. Season and cook until soft and allow to cool. In a large bowl, mix the noodles, bratwurst, sesame oil, soy, and cooked onions season and taste. Add the eggs and mix. In the same saute pan, on medium heat, coat well with oil, add the noodle mixture, and flatten with spatula. Cook until brown, about 6 to 8 minutes and flip. Cook another 6 minutes., ingredients: [2 perch bluegill, scaled, gutted and scored, Grapeseed oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon sambal, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup 14 inch dice tomatoes, 1 yellow bell pepper, 14 inch dice, 1 cup 14 inch dice jicama, 2 cups fish stock or chicken stock, 2 tablespoons 14 inch thick strips basil, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and black pepper, Grapeseed oil, to cook, 1 cup sliced scallions save a little green scallion for garnish, 1 white onion, sliced, 1 red onion, sliced, 4 cups blanched shanghai noodles, 1 red bratwurst, finely diced, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons naturally brewed soy sauce, Salt and black pepper, 2 eggs], title: Steamed Perch with Spicy Black Bean Sauce and Three OnionBratwurst Noodle Cake, picturelink: null}, 37116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nStem and seed the chiles and place in a pot with beef stock over high heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer gently to reconstitute see Cooks Note.nHeat a large Dutch oven with a drizzle of oil over mediumhigh heat, and add the bacon to the pan and stir until crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon. Pat the meat dry, season with a little salt and lots of black pepper, then add to the bacon drippings and brown evenly to caramelize the meat. Brown the meat in 2 batches if necessary in order not to crowd the pan. Remove the meat and add another drizzle of oil, if necessary. Add the onions, and garlic and soften a few minutes. Stir in the cumin, coriander, cocoa, cinnamon, and cloves, and stir to toast the spices and combine. Deglaze the pan with beer and evaporate.nIn a food processor, puree the softened peppers and stock with tomatoes. Pour into the pot, slide the browned meat and bacon back in, and drizzle in the honey. Cover the pot and transfer to the oven for 2 12 hours or until the meat falls apart with a fork. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat and add the lime juice just before serving.nGarnish with sour cream and fresh cilantro leaves, and serve with tortillas or rice and warm black beans., ingredients: [6 ancho chiles, 2 cups beef stock, Vegetable or olive oil, for drizzling, 4 ounces smoky good quality bacon, chopped, 2 pounds beef top round, cut into bitesize chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, About 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa, About 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, About 12 teaspoon ground cloves, One 12ounce bottle Mexicanstyle lager beer recommended: Negra Modelo, One 14ounce can whole, diced or crushed fireroasted tomatoes, 1 tablespoon honey, Juice of 1 lime, Sour cream, Fresh cilantro leaves, Warm or charred tortillas or rice, Black beans], title: Mexican Beef Stew, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 37117: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSpoon the pizza sauce atop the pizza dough, followed by the tomatoes and cheeses. Crack the egg in the middle. Bake until the cheese is bubbling and the crust darkens, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and scatter the prosciutto and basil leaves on top., ingredients: [12 cup pizza sauce, 1 parbaked pizza dough, 12 cup chopped tomatoes, 12 cup shaved pecorino cheese, 14 cup fresh mozzarella, 14 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 egg, 3 to 4 pieces prosciutto, 4 to 5 fresh basil leaves], title: Brunch Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37118: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the mint, basil, nuts, cheese, lemon juice, garlic, 34 teaspoon of salt, and 12 teaspoon of pepper in a food processor until the herbs are finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually blend in 13 cup of oil until the mixture is smooth and creamy.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGenerously sprinkle the lamb racks with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a grill pan or heavy large skillet over high heat. Place 1 lamb rack in the skillet and cook just until brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the lamb rack meat side up on a heavy large baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining 2 lamb racks.nRoast the lamb in the oven until cooked to desired doneness, about 20 minutes for mediumrare. Transfer the lamb racks to a work surface. Set aside for 10 minutes. Cut the lamb between the bones into single chops. Spread the pesto over 1 cut side of each chop. Arrange the chops, pesto side up, on plates or a platter, and serve.nDoAhead Tip: The pesto and lamb racks may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead. Cover the pesto and lamb separately and refrigerate. Allow extra time for the chilled lamb to roast.nAlternately, the racks of lamb can be sliced then broiled before serving. To broil the lamb: Use 18 to 24 meaty single lamb rib chops about 2 12 ounces each, from 3 racks of lamb. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the lamb chops in a single layer over 2 heavy baking sheets. Lightly brush the lamb chops with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Watching closely, broil the lamb chops 3 inches from the heat source until cooked to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. Spread the pesto over the chops. Arrange the chops pesto side up on plates or a platter, and serve.nRECOMMENDED WINE 1: Boroli Barolo 1998nREGIONORIGIN: Barolo, PiedmontnGRAPEVARIETAL: NebbiolonRECOMMENDED WINE 2: Avignonesi Vino Nobile dMontepulciano 2001nREGIONORIGIN: Montepulciano, TuscanynGRAPEVARIETAL: Sangiovese Prugnolo Gentile  local clone of sangiovese, ingredients: [1 12 cups lightly packed fresh mint leaves, 34 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup walnuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, 34 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 1 12pounds each racks of lamb, trimmed and frenched], title: Rack of Lamb with MintBasil Pesto, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 37119: {instructions: Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add bacon, cook until crisp then drain on paper towels.nIn a salad bowl, whisk together the garlic, mustard, vinegar and stream in extravirgin olive oil to incorporate the dressing, season with salt and pepper and stir in chives. Shred lettuces and add to the bowl. Halve the cherry tomatoes and add to the bowl along with bacon. Toss salad to coat evenly with dressing and serve., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus a drizzle, 6 slices thick cut bacon, chopped, 1 clove garlic, grated or minced and crushed with flat blade of a knife, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar or white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 large heart romaine lettuce, 1 head Traviso lettuce or radicchio, 1 pint multi colored, red or yellow cherry tomatoes], title: BLT Salad, picturelink: oG0GuR7SzGG.zT6wv.9ELMj.eLwOGW}, 37120: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a small round pastry tipnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously coat a 13by9inch straightsided baking dish preferably glass with cooking spray.nSeparate the egg whites and yolks into 2 medium bowls. Whisk the whites until combined and just foamy, then transfer them to the prepared baking dish. Cover the dish with foil and bake until they have fully set, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely in the baking dish.nMeanwhile, beat the yolks until smooth. Lightly coat a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Add the yolks, and scramble over mediumlow heat until fully cooked and slightly dry, 4 to 5 minutes.nTransfer the yolks to a food processor. Add the sour cream, mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, hot sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper, and pulse until smooth and creamy. Spoon the yolk mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip, or a resealable plastic bag with the tip cut off.nPut a platter on top of the baking dish with the egg whites and flip to turn them out onto the platter. With a long sharp knife, trim about 14inch from the edges, including any browned outer edges, to make a neat rectangle of whites. Cut the trimmings into 14inch cubes that will be used for stars discard any with browned edges. Cut the large rectangle of egg whites into 54 square pieces: 6 rows across and 9 columns down. Straighten the eggs to keep the rectangle together. Pipe a heaping amount of the egg yolk mixture onto the upper lefthand corner of the rectangle this will be the section of the flag that holds the stars. Use the rest of the yolk filling to generously pipe 6 horizontal stripes right over the middle of each egg see Cooks Note. Sprinkle the corner square with parsley and the stripes with paprika or cayenne. Top the parsley with the small dice stars., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 18 large eggs, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise1 12 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 3 teaspoons yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup loosely packed fresh parsley, finely chopped, Paprika or cayenne pepper, for garnish], title: Deviled Egg American Flag, picturelink: null}, 37121: {instructions: Whisk the water, lime juice, sugar, and fish sauce in a small bowl until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the sambal oelek and garlic.nCut the chicken thighs into 2inch cubes. Toss cubes in a medium bowl with about 14 cup of the sauce and 1 teaspoon vegetable oil. Set aside for 15 minutes. Stir a heaping tablespoon of grated carrot into reserved sauce. Set aside.nHeat a grill pan or outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat. Thread 2 to 3 pieces of chicken on each skewer and lay skewers on a baking sheet or large plate. Season with salt and pepper. Working in batches, grill the satays, without moving them, until browned on the first side, about 3 minutes. Turn the satays and grill until the second side is browned and the meat is opaque at the edges, about 3 minutes more. Transfer to a large clean platter.nArrange the lettuce, mint, cilantro, cucumber, scallions, and the rest of the carrot on the platter with the satays. To serve, slip the chicken from a skewer and wrap each piece in a lettuce leaf with some of the herbs and vegetables and dip in the sauce, ingredients: [13 cup water, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice about 2 to 3 limes, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sambal oelek or other hot chile paste, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 boneless skinless chicken thighs about 1 pound, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small whole carrot, finely grated, 1 head Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves, 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 Kirby cucumber, cut in matchsticks, 4 scallions white and green parts, sliced in 1inch pieces, 8 skewers if wood, soak in water for 15 minutes], title: Spicy Chicken Satays with Herbs and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 37122: {instructions: In a 6quart slow cooker, combine the potatoes, carrots, onions, garlic, parsley, stout, olive oil, brown sugar and tomato paste. In a separate bowl, mix the flour with the salt and pepper. Dredge the beef pieces in the dry mixture, shaking off any excess.nIn a medium skillet, melt the butter and canola oil over mediumhigh heat. In batches, add the beef pieces and sear until brown, about 2 minutes, transferring the beef to the slow cooker as done. Remove the last batch of beef to the slow cooker, add 1 cup of the chicken broth to the skillet and scrape up all the brown bits that have accumulated on the bottom of the pan. Add the pan juices to the slow cooker, along with the remaining 2 cups of chicken broth. Cover, and cook on high for 6 hours., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, finely chopped, One 12ounce bottle stout beer, such as Guinness Draught, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 4pound boneless beef chuck roast, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cups chicken broth], title: SlowCooker Stout Beef Stew, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 37123: {instructions: Make the syrup: Combine the sugar, honey, lime zest, lime juice and 14 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat set aside. You can refrigerate the syrup, covered, up to 3 days reheat before serving.nMake the fritters: Whisk the flour, 34 cup water, the egg yolks, butter and salt in a large bowl to make a loose batter.nHeat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large deep skillet until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, pour scant tablespoonfuls of batter into the hot oil and fry, turning once, until golden on both sides, about 3 minutes per batch. Return the oil to 350 degrees F between batches. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Drizzle with the lime syrup.nYou can fry these treats up to 4 hours ahead. Serve at room temperature or reheat in a 375 degrees F oven.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, Grated zest and juice of 2 limes, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Pinch of salt, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried Dough Puffs With Lime Syrup, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 37124: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a sheet pan with parchment paper and place a baking rack on the sheet pan. Arrange the bacon in one layer on the baking rack. Bake for 25 minutes until its deep golden and crispy. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels.nToast the bread slices and slather them with butter.nArrange 4 slices of bacon on every other slice of bread and top with second slice of bread to make four sandwiches. Slice each sandwich in half diagonally and serve., ingredients: [16 slices 1 pound, uncured Applewood smoked bacon, 34 loaf good bakery white bread, cut 12 inch thick, Unsalted butter], title: English Bacon Sandwich, picturelink: vWpcSLVgDO42ffBJuHawo6Z8HVtWK6}, 37125: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and garlic and cook as the pasta label directs reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, thinly slice the squash on the wide side of a box grater or use a mandoline. Combine the squash, tomatoes, olive oil and basil in a large bowl add 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nMash the cooked garlic with the flat side of a chefs knife add it to the bowl along with the pasta, grana padano and mozzarella. Toss until combined, adding the reserved pasta water as needed to moisten. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among bowls drizzle with olive oil and top with more grana padano.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces mezzi rigatoni or other short pasta, 1 clove garlic, 1 small yellow squash, 2 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 bunch basil, leaves chopped, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup grated grana padano or parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella regular or smoked, roughly chopped], title: Shaved Squash and Tomato Pasta, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 37126: {instructions: Crust Preparation: Using 2 pastry blenders, blend the butter, shortening, flours, salt and powdered sugar. Whisk the liquids in a 2cup measure and pour over dry ingredients. Incorporate all the ingredients without overworking the dough. Toss the additional flour on top and scrape sides of bowl. Chill if time permits. Divide dough into 2 pieces. Roll out dough for the bottom crust. Place in a pie dish and refrigerate while working on filling.nFilling Preparation: Mix all ingredients except butter and pour into chilled pie crust. Dot with butter. Brush edges of crust with egg wash.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nAssembly: Roll out top crust and press in decorative vents and slits before covering pie or make a lattice crust. Crimp edges and place a pie bird in the center. Brush with egg wash and garnish with large granule sugar. Bake for 15 minutes. Decrease temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for an additional 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup butter, salted, 12 cup butterflavored shortening recommended: Crisco, 2 cups white lily flour, plus additional flour as needed, up to 14 cup, 12 cup cake flour recommended: Soft as Silk, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons powdered sugar, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vinegar, 14 cup ice water add more water as needed for High Altitude, 2 12ounce bags frozen cherries, dark and sweet recommended: Cascadian Farms, 12 cup dried cherries, 114 cups sugar 1 cup high altitude, 3 tablespoons Minute Tapioca, 12 teaspoon real almond extract, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, fresh squeezed, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup 100 percent black cherry juice recommended: Knudsen Brand, 1 ounce cherry flavored brandy recommended: Kirschwasser, 2 tablespoons butter, cubed, Egg wash 1 egg and 2 tablespoons of water whisked, Large granule sugar for decoration], title: Artisan DoubleCherry Pie, picturelink: null}, 37127: {instructions: Combine the lemon juice, garlic and 2 tablespoons salt in a blender and blend on low until smooth. Transfer 2 tablespoons of the mixture to a medium bowl and reserve for the yogurt sauce. To the remaining garliclemon mixture still in the blender, add the olive oil, wine, mint and oregano and blend until evenly combined. Pour the marinade into a large bowl and add the chicken wings. Sprinkle with some pepper and toss to coat evenly, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nMeanwhile, make the yogurt sauce: Add the yogurt and dill to the bowl containing the reserved garliclemon mixture, season with pepper and stir until smooth. Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat a grill to medium heat. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil, then grill the chicken wings, turning often to prevent burning, until golden brown, lightly charred at the edges and cooked through, about 25 minutes.nTransfer the wings to a serving platter and season with salt. Drizzle with yogurt sauce and sprinkle with crumbled feta. Serve immediately with lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [Juice of 4 lemons about 12 cup, plus more lemon wedges for serving, 1 head of garlic, cloves separated and peeled, Kosher salt, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons dried mint, 3 tablespoons dried oregano, 4 pounds whole chicken wings, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup plain fullfat Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, Vegetable oil, for oiling the grill grates, Crumbled feta], title: Greek Souvlaki Chicken Wings, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 37128: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nBlend the pepper and garlic powder into the olive oil. Pat the frogs legs dry of moisture and dip into the peppergarlic oil.nMix the breadcrumbs and cornmeal together and coat the frogs legs. Deep fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 cup olive oil, 12 pound skinned pig frogs legs, 12 cup Italian breadcrumbs, 12 cup cornmeal], title: Everglades Frogs Legs, picturelink: MAWZV0M3mdjhreonhL1Cga1djiQcf.W}, 37129: {instructions: For the dough, heat the milk, vegetable oil and sugar in a large saucepan over medium heat do not boil. Set aside to cool to lukewarm. Sprinkle the yeast on top and let it sit on the milk for 1 minute.nAdd 8 cups of the flour. Stir until just combined, cover with a clean kitchen towel and set aside in a relatively warm place for 1 hour.nRemove the towel and add the baking powder, baking soda, salt and the remaining 1 cup flour. Stir thoroughly to combine. Use the dough right away or place in a mixing bowl and refrigerate for up to 3 days, punching down the dough if it rises to the top of the bowl.nRemove half of the dough. On a floured surface, roll out the dough into a large rectangle, about 30 by 10 inches, with a long side facing you.nTo make the filling, pour 1 cup of the melted butter over the surface of the dough. Use your fingers to spread the butter evenly. Generously sprinkle half of the ground cinnamon and 1 cup of the sugar over the butter. Dont be afraid to drizzle on more butter or more sugarnBeginning at the end farthest from you, roll the rectangle tightly toward you. Use both hands and work slowly, being careful to keep the roll tight. Dont worry if the filling oozes as you work that just means the rolls will be divine. When you reach the end, pinch the seam together.nTransfer to a cutting board and, with a sharp knife, make 1 12inch slices. One log will produce 20 to 25 rolls. Pour a couple of tablespoons of melted butter into several pie pans or baking dishes and swirl to coat. Place the rolls in the pans cutside up, being careful not to overcrowd.nRepeat the rollingsugarbutter process with the other half of the dough and more pans. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cover each pan with a kitchen towel and let rise on the countertop for at least 20 minutes before baking. Remove the towels and bake for 13 to 17 minutes, until golden brown. Dont allow the rolls to become overly brown.nWhile the rolls are baking, make the icing: In a large bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar, milk, butter, coffee and salt. Splash in the maple flavoring. Whisk until very smooth. Taste and add more sugar, butter or other ingredients as needed until the icing reaches the desired consistency. The icing should be thick but still pourable.nWhile the rolls are still warm, generously drizzle icing over the top. Be sure to get it all around the edges and over the top. As they sit, the rolls will absorb some of the icings moisture and flavor. They only get better with time...not that they last for more than a few secondsnPhotograph by Coral Von Zumwalt, ingredients: [1 quart whole milk, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 packages 4 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 9 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, 1 scant teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus more as needed, 14 cup ground cinnamon, for sprinkling, 2 cups granulated sugar, plus more as needed, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup strongly brewed coffee, Dash of salt, 1 tablespoon maple flavoring or maple extract], title: Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: 0Oe6PLmYDaBIplj34.9uL2R7ay6gd.}, 37130: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the eggs with the butter, stirring constantly, until the eggs are slightly runny, about 3 minutes Take them off the heat and season with salt and pepper. The residual heat will cook them through. Fold in half of the cheese and the chopped peppers.nTo build the burritos, microwave the tortillas to soften. Divide the mixture among the center of the tortillas and top with the remaining cheese. Fold up the bottom third of the tortillas, fold the ends in towards the center and continue rolling to a small cylinder shape. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon butter, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 2 tablespoons chopped roasted peppers, Eight 4inch flour tortillas], title: Mini Egg and Cheese Breakfast Burritos, picturelink: acuEfOWzryDnOCQk4w5MXjL7LmOMmMW}, 37131: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 cocktail skewersnCombine the tequila, clam juice, tomato juice, lemon juice, olive brine, horseradish and Worcestershire sauce in a carafe or pitcher and stir. Divide the mixture among 4 rocks glasses filled with ice.nThread an olive, cocktail onion and lemon wedge on each skewer. Garnish each glass with a skewer and a fresh clam if desired as well.nYield: 4 cocktails, ingredients: [8 ounces tequila, 6 ounces clam juice, 6 ounces tomato juice, 2 ounces lemon juice, 1 ounce olive brine juice, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 4 olives, for garnish, 4 cocktail onions, for garnish, 4 lemon wedges, for garnish, 4 fresh clams, optional, for garnish], title: Bloody Bull Cocktail, picturelink: JSgYWzKnFUQfYE15pZpriu3IXqD8Ka}, 37132: {instructions: Season cornmeal with salt and pepper. In a bowl beat eggs. Dip tomatoes in the beaten egg and then in the cornmeal. In a cast iron or nonstick pan heat oil and place tomatoes. Fry for 3 minutes or so on each side, or until golden. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups yellow cornmeal, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 eggs, 4 green tomatoes, thickly sliced, 2 cups vegetable oil for frying], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 37133: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Combine the mango nectar, lime juice, honey, soy sauce and 1 teaspoon jerk paste in a large bowl. Add the chicken rub to coat.nRemove the chicken to a plate brush with olive oil. Transfer the sauce mixture to a saucepan bring to a boil. Reduce the heat simmer until slightly thickened, 7 minutes. Keep warm over low heat.nMeanwhile, transfer the chicken skinside up to the grill, cover and cook until browned, about 15 minutes. Flip and grill until the skin is browned and crisp and the chicken is cooked through, 5 to 7 more minutes. Transfer to a plate and tent with foil to keep warm.nCombine the olive oil and remaining 2 teaspoons jerk paste in a small bowl. Brush the eggplants with the jerk oil and season with salt. Grill until marked and tender, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a large bowl and add the mango, scallions and basil season with salt and pepper. Pour the warm sauce over the chicken and serve with the eggplantmango salad and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [8 skinon, bonein chicken thighs, trimmed about 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup mango nectar or tropical orange juice blend, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon jarred jerk seasoning paste, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 3 Japanese eggplants about 1 14 pounds, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 mango, thinly sliced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup basil leaves], title: Grilled Caribbean Chicken Thighs, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 37134: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nIn the bowl of a food processor combine the sundried tomatoes, sunflower seeds, basil leaves, Parmesan, 3 smashed garlic cloves, and lemon juice. Add half of the olive oil and puree until smooth. If the mixture seems too thick add more olive oil. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Remove it from the food processor, pour it into a bowl and refrigerate if not using immediately.nPut the baguette slices onto a baking sheet in 1 layer and toast them on both sides under the broiler until golden brown. Remove them from the broiler and rub each slice with the whole garlic cloves.nSpread the toasts with the softened goat cheese, top each with a teaspoonful of sundried tomato pesto, and garnish with the remaining basil that has been cut into chiffonade. Arrange on serving platters and serve., ingredients: [1 cup drained sundried tomatoes in oil, 12 cup sunflower seeds, 12 cup packed basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, plus 2 whole cloves, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 baguettes, sliced on the bias], title: Goat Cheese and SunDried Tomato Crostini, picturelink: null}, 37135: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add the chopped bacon and render until almost crisp. Add garlic and cook until fragrant. Add the spinach a little at a time. Toss with tongs until wilted. Add balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, roughly chopped, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 bunches spinach, well washed and tough stems discarded, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Neelys Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 37136: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nToss the apples with some vegetable oil and add to the grill. Grill the apples on all sides, about 3 minutes. Once the apples are grilled, remove from the pan and roughly chop. Add the chopped apples to a saucepan and turn the heat to mediumlow. Add the sugar, brandy, butter, vanilla extract and salt. Once the butter has melted, add the apple cider. Stir to combine the ingredients and continue to cook until the apples melt into a thickened sauce, thinning with apple cider as needed, about 10 minutes.nBrush the brioche with some oil and sprinkle with sugar. Place onto the grill pan and toast on both sides. Remove from the grill and slice diagonally.nTransfer to shallow serving bowls. Serve immediately with the apple caramel sauce and a generous scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [8 ounces Granny Smith apples, cheeks removed, sliced 14inch, cored, Vegetable oil, 14 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 12 cup apple cider, or more as needed, One 12ounce loaf brioche, cut into thick slices, 1 quart vanilla bean ice cream, for serving], title: Grilled Caramel Apple Brioche Sundae, picturelink: mQGw90PCJYCIEVKxkwzPQEu84fh9uG}, 37137: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pitcher or punch bowl, whisk together orange juice, orange liqueur and honey. Add cinnamon stick, blood oranges, apple and pears, stir to combine. Set aside at room temperature to macerate, at least 1 hour, until ready to serve. Add wine and soda, stir gently to combine, and serve immediately over ice., ingredients: [2 cups nopulp orange juice, 3 to 6 ounces orange liqueur, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 blood oranges or clementines, supremed, 1 Granny Smith apple or other tart apple, cored and chopped into 14inch cubes, 1 Anjou red pear, peeled, cored and chopped into 14inch cubes, 2 liters sweet sparkling red wine, chilled recommended: Rosa Regale, 1 liter lemon lime soda, chilled], title: Winter Sangria, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 37138: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to high. Brush the grill with a wire grill brush to remove any soot and fat on the grill grates. Wipe the grill grate with an oiled cloth to remove any bits of crud that were loosened by brushing.nRemove the steaks from the refrigerator and let them come to room temperature. Season the steaks generously with salt and let sit for at least 15 minutes.nArrange the steaks on the hottest part of the grill until beautiful brown grill marks form, then rotate the steaks 90 degrees to create the crosshatch marks.nTurn the steaks over and repeat the process. Once the grill marks have formed on the second side, move the steaks to a cooler part of the grill and let cook to the desired doneness. Cook about 5 to 6 minutes on each side for mediumrare., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 4 12 to 14ounce strip steaks, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Strip Steak, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 37139: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 10inch nonstick Bundt pannPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the butter in a medium bowl. Brush the Bundt pan with some of the butter to lightly coat.nCut the biscuits into quarters. Combine the Cheddar and powdered cheese mix in a large bowl and stir together.nWorking in batches, toss onethird of the biscuits in the melted butter, roll them in the cheese mixture to lightly coat and add them to the Bundt pan so they are nestled together in an even layer sprinkle with onethird of the bacon. Repeat to make 2 more layers of biscuits rolled in cheese and the bacon. Sprinkle the top with any leftover cheese mixture and drizzle with any leftover butter.nCover the pan with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until puffed and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more. Loosen the bread from the sides of the pan with a knife or offset spatula. Carefully invert the pan onto a serving plate, remove the pan and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Two 16ounce tubes refrigerated biscuit dough, 3 12 cups shredded mild Cheddar, 1 packet powdered cheese mix from your favorite boxed mac and cheese, 6 slices cooked bacon, crumbled], title: Bacon Mac and Cheese Monkey Bread, picturelink: FrIBBfF4uOMI42dqg3PSoh6miRmcqWC}, 37140: {instructions: Fill a powderfree latex glove with punch tie closed. Freeze at least 6 hours or overnight. For the best shape, hang the glove from a rack in your freezer with the fingers pointing down.nWhen ready to serve, combine the remaining fruit punch, daiquiri mix, Dr Pepper, graperaspberry juice and ginger ale in a large punch bowl. Peel the glove off the frozen hand and add to the bowl.nPhotograph by Coral Von Zumwalt, ingredients: [3 cups red fruit punch, chilled, 1 1liter bottle strawberry daiquiri mix, chilled, 1 2liter bottle Dr Pepper Cherry, chilled, 1 46ounce bottle concord graperaspberry juice, chilled, 1 1liter bottle ginger ale, chilled], title: Bloody Punch, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 37141: {instructions: For the salad, combine bread and vegetables. Drizzle with olive oil and vinegar to taste, season with salt and pepper. Keep cold until ready for use.nMake this recipe twice. Keep one at 160 degrees and put ice into the other.n4 slices of Wagyu beef sliced 34 inchnGently dip a slice of beef into the warm broth until cooked, remove and place into the chilled broth until cooled.nIn a blender, combine water and calcium chloride, blend for 20 seconds, reserve in a bowl. In a sauce pot, combine sugar and water, bring to a boil, remove from heat and add basil. Puree for 1 minute until bright green then add sodium alginate. Strain this liquid and add to the caviar tray and dispense into calcium bath. Remove the caviar once they form and rinse in clean water.nTo plate, place panzanella salad in a bowl, top with chilled wagyu and basil caviar., ingredients: [1 ounce dried country bread cut into 1inch dice, 5 cherry tomatoes sliced in half, 1 ounce black olives sliced, 12 cucumber and cut into 1inch dice, 12 red onion shaved julienne, Olive oil, Rice wine vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, Shabu broth, 1 quart kombu stock water  kombu, Salt to taste, 2 cups water, 2 12 grams calcium chloride, 110 grams sugar, 35 grams basil leaves, 4 grams sodium alginate, Setting bath], title: Chilled Wagyu Shabu Shabu, Panzanella Salad and Basil Pearls, picturelink: null}, 37142: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the vinegar, 14 teaspoon of salt, and 18 teaspoon of pepper in a large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in the oil to blend. Add the lettuce, radicchio, beans, and sundried tomatoes. Toss to coat. Season the salad, to taste, with more salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [4 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups finely chopped romaine lettuce from 12 head, 2 cups finely chopped radicchio from 12 large head, 12 cup drained canned white beans, rinsed and patted dry, 8 oilpacked sundried tomato halves, drained and chopped], title: Italian Chopped Salad, picturelink: WVDmKFGSbF8KXqMEyf0OwetlpcciD.}, 37143: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together cornmeal, flour, baking soda and salt. In a bowl whisk together egg, buttermilk and cream cheese. Coarsely chop half of the corn and stir into buttermilk mixture with remaining corn, chives, peperoncini, salmon and cornmeal mixture until just combined.nIn a large nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and, working in batches, drop batter by 14cup measures into skillet. Spread batter slightly to form 3 12 to 4inch cakes and cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until golden brown. Transfer corncakes as cooked to a heatproof platter and keep warm. Serve corncakes with sour cream, chopped red onion and lemon slices., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 12 cup fresh corn cut from 1 ear or thawed frozen corn, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 9 large peperoncini pickled Tuscan peppers, drained, seeded and chopped fine about 14 cup, 2 ounces finely chopped smoked salmon about 13 cup, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Sour cream, chopped red onion and lemon slices as accompaniments if desired], title: Spicy Smoked Salmon Corncakes, picturelink: null}, 37144: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a pot of water on the stove for the soba and bring to a boil.nFor the sauce: Place the stock, tamari, mirin, sherry, sugar, Worcestershire, ginger and garlic in small pot. Bring to a rolling boil and reduce by half, 15 to 20 minutes over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a low boil or rolling simmer.nFor the chicken: Add the oil to a skillet and heat over high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with lightly with salt and more aggressively with pepper. Cook 8 to 9 minutes, turning occasionally, then remove from the heat. Raise the heat again to high. Add the peppers and stir for a few minutes, but keep them tendercrisp. Add the scallions and garlic and toss 1 minute, then remove from the heat.nCook the soba according to package instructions, a couple of minutes, to al dente. Drain.nPlace a quarter of the soba noodles in shallow bowls or on plates. Top with a few peppers and scallions. Slice 1 chicken breast per portion and fan on top of the soba. Pour the sauce evenly over the dishes and serve., ingredients: [One 12ounce package soba noodles or 1 pound wholegrain spaghetti, 1 cup chicken stock, 13 cup tamari or soy sauce, 3 tablespoons mirin, 3 tablespoons dry sherry, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 thin slices fresh ginger root, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons hightemperature cooking oil, Four 6 to 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Sea salt and coarse black pepper, 2 mild frying peppers, cubanelle or Anaheim, seeded and cut into thin strips, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced], title: Teriyaki Chicken with Soba, picturelink: PRwstYCOvEaXrvQXzgL4mRAStmHC3ti}, 37145: {instructions: Cut the avocado in half, and remove the pit. Scoop out the flesh into a medium bowl, and mash with a potato masher until mostly smooth. Add the cilantro, lime juice and 14 teaspoon salt, and stir to combine. Refrigerate the guacamole, covered, until ready to use.nCombine 1 12 cups of the Cheddar, sour cream and jalapenos in a medium bowl.nWorking on top of a long piece of parchment or wax paper about 22 inches long, lay out 2 tortillas, overlapping in the center by 2 inches so the total width is about 16 inches. Spread 14 cup of the beans in a 2inch strip across the bottom of the tortillas, then 3 tablespoons of the guacamole in a 2inch strip above the beans, then 4 tablespoons of the Cheddarjalapeno mixture in a strip above the avocado. Place a third of the crushed tortilla chips on top of the cheese layer. You should be halfway up the tortilla. Starting at the bottom, roll up the log as tightly as possible, using the parchment to help you roll and keep everything tight but do not roll the parchment into the roll itself. Spread a thin layer of beans to seal the end of the wrap. Wrap tightly in plastic and refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes or up to overnight. Repeat with the remaining ingredients for a total of 3 rolls.nPosition the oven rack 4 to 5 inches from the heating element, and preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nUnwrap the rolls, and slice them into 1inchthick pieces you should have about 18 per roll. Place the rolls cutside down on the prepared baking sheet, and sprinkle the tops with just enough of the remaining 12 cup Cheddar to cover about 1 teaspoon per piece. Broil until bubbly and browned, about 45 seconds. Serve while hot with salsa and any leftover guacamole., ingredients: [1 avocado, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt, 2 cups shredded yellow Cheddar about 6 ounces, 12 cup sour cream, 13 cup drained pickled jalapeno slices, chopped, Six 12inch flour tortillas, One 15ounce can refried black beans, 1 cup corn tortilla chips, crushed, Salsa, for serving], title: Nacho RollUps, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 37146: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nPlace the first 4 ingredients in a medium mixing bowl and toss together. Let stand for at least 30 minutes.nDrain the excess liquid from the fruit mixture and reserve. Melt half of the unsalted and clarified butters in a medium nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the fruit mixture and brown for 3 minutes.nPour half of the pancake batter over the fruit starting from the center of the pan. Let batter set for about 3 minutes, and then place under the broiler for about 3 to 4 minutes, or until lightly browned. Watch carefully the whole time, as it may brown more quickly. Remove from the oven. Place a large enough plate to cover the pan over the pan and invert onto the plate. Repeat with the second half of the fruit and batter.nGarnish with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [4 Babcock peaches or Braeburn apples, peeled and sliced, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup vanilla sugar or regular sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons clarified or melted butter, 2 cups Gingerbread Pancake batter, or your favorite pancake batter, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Babcock Peach or Braeburn Apple Pancake Tatins, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 37147: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 10 by 2 inch deep cake pansnSteaming pears: In a medium saucepan add about 3 inches water, the sugar, cut lemon slices and the lemongrass lemon serai. The lemongrass is optional. Bring the water to a boil. Fit a steamer basket over the boiling water, add the pears and steam until tender. Remove the pears, drain, and coarsely grate. Press out any excess liquid for one hour before using, or substitute very welldrained, grated canned pears. Set aside.nGinger Syrup: Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan, simmer together until the sugar dissolves, cool completely, then add the ginger wine and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and lightly flour 2 10 by 2 inch deep cake pans and line the base with parchment.nSift together the flour, powdered ginger, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl and set aside.nBeat the butter, oil, vanilla, sugars, and treacle until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well between each addition. Add the sifted dry ingredients alternately with the remaining ingredients in the order given. Mix 2 minutes on medium speed using a stand mixer.nPour the batter into the pans that have been greased floured and parchment lined.nBake 45 minutes in a 350 degree F oven, remove and cool for 20 minutes in the pan, then pour over the ginger syrup. Turn out onto a cooling rack when almost cold.nAssembly: Level cakes if necessary. Secure the wax paper to the cake board with royal icing. Place the meringue dacquoise on wax paper. Smooth on a layer of washed cream, chocolate ganache, and the ginger marmalade to the meringue disk. Top with one of the cakes. Repeat the layers of washed cream, ganache, ginger marmalade, and the second meringue disk, top that with washed cream, ganache, and ginger marmalade, then add the second cake. Trim the meringue disks if necessary. Coat the entire cake with washed cream, then strained ginger marmalade. Cover tightly and securely with plastic wrap for 24 hours. Chill in the refrigerator. Remove the wrap and cover with white chocolate rolled fondant.nThis cake can be made and assembled for decorating 5 days before a wedding in fact the maturing process improves the combination of flavors.nDraw 2 10inch circles on parchment, place on an oven tray.nWhip the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Add the sifted powdered sugar in three stages mixing well between each addition then add the vanilla. Fold. Add the nuts followed by the sifted dry ingredients with a light hand. Spoon into the circles, level and bake 350 degrees F for 20 minutes, or until a light golden brown.nHeat the first 4 ingredients gently in a double boiler. Puree in the food processor then strain. Add the ginger wine after completely cooling.nWhip the sugar, butter, honey, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Remove the bowl from mixer. Cover with chilled water swirl and squeeze through the fingers for a minute, drain the water thoroughly and rebeat until light and fluffy. Repeat six times until the mixture is pure white and the sugar is totally dissolved. This keeps very well covered in a cool place for a day or two without refrigeration. Store tightly covered in the refrigerator for up to a month.nMelt chocolate over hot, not boiling, water, add the cream, pecans, and ginger, last, after cooling add the ginger wine. Stir well and allow the mixture to thicken.nWhite Chocolate Rolled Fondant: For every 2 pounds of either commercial or homemade rolled fondant melt either 2 cups of high ratio cocoa butter white chocolate or chocolate couverture compound and pour into the rested fondant then knead until thoroughly incorporated. If flaking occurs, microwave in 5second increments until the fondant warms then any rough shards will disappear. Leave to rest overnight before using. This results in a wonderfully soft easy to manage rolled fondant. Warm in the microwave for a few seconds before kneading to use. If using couverture add 12 cup sifted Dutchprocessed cocoa to the melted chocolate and knead well. Roll out on sifted cocoa., ingredients: [2 large ripe Anjou pears, peeled, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 stick lemongrass, optional, 3 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces water, 8 tablespoons 4 ounces ginger wine recommended: Stones Ginger Wine, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons powdered ginger, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, 12 cup oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla recommended: NielsenMassey, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup granulated brown sugar, 2 tablespoons pale treacle recommended: Golden Syrup, 4 large eggs, 2 cup pecans, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh grated coconut substitute desiccated or flaked, 12 cup small dice glace baby ginger recommended: The Ginger People, 12 cup drained, crushed pineapple, Meringue Dacquoise, recipe follows, Ginger Marmalade, recipe follows, Mothers Washed Cream, recipe follows, Ginger Bittersweet Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, White Chocolate Rolled Fondant, recipe follows, 6 egg whites, 2 cups sifted powdered sugar, 1 12 teaspoons Madagascar bourbon vanilla recommended: Nielsen Massey, 2 cups coarsely chopped toasted pecans, 1 12 tablespoons sifted allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons sifted potato flour, 1 12 teaspoons sifted good quality cocoa powder recommended: Guittard, 1 10ounce jar baby ginger marmalade recommended: The Ginger People, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons ginger wine recommended: Stones Ginger Wine, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons uncooked goodflavored honey, 1 tablespoon Madagascar bourbon vanilla essence recommended: NielsenMassey, 1 12 cups bittersweet chocolate, 1 12 cups double cream, 34 cup toasted pecans finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped glace baby ginger, 3 tablespoons ginger wine recommended: Stones Ginger Wine], title: Rosella Ginger Pecan Torte: Wedding Cake Recipe, picturelink: null}, 37148: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 4 to 6ounce ramekinsnSpray six 4 to 6ounce ramekins with cooking spray. Stir together the sour cream, Dijon, horseradish and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Heat the halfandhalf in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until it just barely comes to a simmer.nMeanwhile, put the gelatin in a large bowl, add 3 tablespoons warm water and stir until completely dissolved. Gradually pour in the warm halfandhalf while whisking constantly.nAdd a splash of the halfandhalf mixture to the sour cream mixture and stir to loosen, then add the sour cream mixture to the large bowl with the halfandhalf mixture, whisking gently until thoroughly combined.nPour the mixture into the ramekins the ramekins will not be full and refrigerate until set, at least 4 hours. The panna cottas can be kept refrigerated, covered with plastic wrap, up to 2 daysnWhen ready to serve, run a thin knife along the edge of each ramekin and invert the pana cottas onto plates. Sprinkle with the chives and serve immediately., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups halfandhalf, 2 teaspoons gelatin from a .25ounce package, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives], title: Savory Horseradish Panna Cotta, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 37149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hazelnut butter: Combine all ingredients in a bowl of a food processor and mix until combined season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Remove from refrigerator 15 minutes before using.nFor the salad: Heat the grill to high. Place the bulgur in a large bowl add the boiling water, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, stir and let sit at room temperature until tender, about 25 minutes. If any water remains, place in a fine sieve and press down on it.nPut the vegetables in a large bowl, toss with a few tablespoons of canola oil and season with salt and pepper.nGrill the vegetables on the grates of the grill in a single layer. Grill the peppers until charred on all sides, place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let steam for 10 minutes. Remove the skin, seeds and core and coarsely chop. Grill the zucchini for 3 to 4 minutes per side until slightly charred and just tender, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and cut crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Grill the asparagus for 3 to 5 minutes per side or until just crisp tender. Remove from the grill and cut on the bias into 12inch pieces. Grill the tomatoes until charred all over and just tender, about 5 minutes total.nPlace all of the vegetables, including the jalapeno and the parsley in the bowl with the cooked bulgur. Whisk together the zest, lemon juice, olive oil and salt and pepper in small bowl. Add the dressing to the salad and toss to combine. Let sit at room temperature until serving.nFor the Barbecue sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft, about 4 minutes.nAdd the wine, increase the heat to high and cook until reduced to about 12 cup. Add the ketchup and the remaining ingredients and cook until thickened and slightly reduced, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly.nFor the salmon: Heat grill to high, cast iron grill pan over high heat, or large nonstick saute pan over high heat. Brush salmon on both sides with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for about 4 minutes per side, brushing with some of the bbq sauce every 30 seconds. Remove from the grill, place on a platter and brush with more of the sauce. Serve on top of cracked wheat salad and place a tablespoon of the hazelnut butter on top of each salmon fillet. Garnish with parsley leaves and serve., ingredients: [14 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts, 14 cup coarsely chopped dried cherries, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mediumgrind bulgur, 2 12 cups boiling water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red bell pepper, 12 yellow bell pepper, 1 zucchini, halved lengthwise, 4 stalks asparagus, trimmed, 12 pint cherry tomatoes, 2 jalapeno peppers, grilled, peeled, and chopped with seeds, Canola oil, 12 cup freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 lemons, juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups red wine recommended: Columbia Crest Merlot, 1 12 cups ketchup, 34 cup water, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 chopped canned chipotle chile in adobo, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon molasses, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce skinon salmon fillets, Canola oil, Salt and pepper, Parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Salmon with Red Wine BBQ Sauce, Hazelnut Butter and Cracked Wheat Salad with Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: d6YOFU5LwyJdupI0BPieNlCDcP3S}, 37150: {instructions: Mix hydrated couscous, diced onion, diced pepper, sliced almonds, golden raisins, and parsley. Whisk the together the citrus zest and juice, olive oil and sugar. Pour over couscous mixture and toss., ingredients: [6 cups hydrated instant couscous, 1 red onion, small dice, 1 red pepper, medium dice, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 cup golden raisins, 12 cup flat leaf parsley, chopped, 12 orange, zested, 1 orange, juiced, 12 lime, zested and juiced, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Couscous, picturelink: null}, 37151: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the eggs in a medium saucepan with water to cover and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, cover the pan, and let stand for 20 minutes. Pour off the hot water and refill the saucepan with cold water. Crack the eggshells all over and let them sit in the cold water for 5 minutes. Peel the eggs, cover and chill for at least 1 hour.nHalve the eggs lengthwise. Carefully remove the yolks and transfer them to a small bowl. Mash the yolks with a fork, then stir in the mayonnaise, sweet pickle relish and yellow mustard. Season with salt and pepper. Scoop a spoonful of the mixture into each egg white half. Sprinkle the tops with paprika.nCooks Note: With this method for hard boiling eggs, you wont have any green in your yolk, ingredients: [6 large eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, Salt and pepper, Paprika, for garnish], title: Deviled Eggs, picturelink: 0LimezhsY41eXki24492ea64K0tjfoa}, 37152: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour the metal bowls. Combine the cake mix, water, oil, and eggs in another clean bowl. Beat for 2 minutes or until well blended. Pour 2 cups of batter into the smaller prepared bowl pour remaining batter into larger prepared bowl. Bake smaller cake for 40 minutes and larger cake for 45 minutes, or until toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool cakes on cooling rack for 30 minutes. Invert cakes onto cooling rack and cool completely.nCut larger cake in half, forming 2 halfmoon pieces. Spread 14 cup of frosting over flat top of each piece. Place pieces cut side down on work surface, adhering frosted sides together. Trim 1inch from 1 end of the cake discard trimmings. Repeat with the smaller cake. Place larger cake on a serving platter. Spread 2 tablespoons of frosting over trimmed end of smaller cake. Place trimmed end of smaller cake against trimmed end of larger cake. Spread remaining frosting over cakes to cover completely. Sprinkle with all but 12 cup of the coconut, pressing to adhere.nBrush melted milk chocolate over both sides of the cookie halves to coat completely. Sprinkle with reserved 12 cup coconut set aside to dry. Press 2 semisweet chocolate morsels onto bunny face for eyes. Using toothpicks, secure jellied candy onto bunny face for nose. Using toothpicks, secure licorice pieces onto face for whiskers. Using toothpicks, secure miniature marshmallows onto bunny face for teeth. Make 2inch deep cuts atop bunny head insert chocolate cookie halves for ears. Roll large marshmallows together using toothpick, secure onto bunny for tail., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box classic yellow cake mix, 1 13 cups water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 16ounce containers strawberry frosting, 1 14ounce bag sweetened flaked coconut, 12 cup milk chocolate morsels, melted, 2 semisweet chocolate morsels, 1 sugar coated gum drop candy, 1 red licorice lace, cut into 6 equal pieces, 2 miniature marshmallows, 1 big chocolate chunk cookie, cut in half, 3 large marshmallows, 1 6inch round metal bowl, 1 8inch round metal bowl, Wooden toothpicks], title: Easter Bunny Cake, picturelink: YlX8cbVodGTYk36B68t0kzzi8utZNrG}, 37153: {}, 37154: {instructions: For the chickpeas: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the chickpeas with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Spread on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until crispy, about 35 minutes.nFor the scramble: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a small pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and chile and cook until soft. Add the harissa paste and cook for 1 minute. Add 12 cup water and cook until thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat.nHeat the remaining tablespoon oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat, add the turkey and cook, stirring occasionally, until brown, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, spice paste and 12 cup water and cook a few minutes longer.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add them to the turkey mixture and cook, stirring, until small moist and fluffy curds form, 3 to 4 minutes. Fold in the cilantro. Transfer to a platter and garnish with the avocado, red onion and roasted chickpeas., ingredients: [Two 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained, rinsed and drained again, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste or grated with a rasp grater, 1 Fresno chile, finely diced, 1 tablespoon harissa paste, 8 ounces ground turkey or chicken 9010, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 8 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, soaked in ice water for 10 minutes and drained], title: Moroccan Scramble with Turkey Merguez, Roasted Chickpeas and Avocado, picturelink: XWK.4amh2YPwqudsxLCfJ8AaleYEGC}, 37155: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the noodles and return to the pot.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites and sliced celery. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 2 minutes. Add the evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Stir in the peas and carrots and the mustard. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes.nPour the sauce over the noodles stir in the sour cream, 12 cup cheese, the tuna and reserved cooking water. Transfer to a 1 12quart baking dish.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Toss with the panko, scallion greens, celery leaves and remaining 14 cup cheese season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle over the casserole. Bake until golden, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 ounces wide egg noodles, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 scallions white parts sliced, green parts finely chopped, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves, 1 12ounce can fatfree evaporated milk, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup frozen peas and carrots, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 12 cup light sour cream, 34 cup shredded lowfat monterey jack cheese about 3 ounces, 1 5ounce can waterpacked tuna, drained and flaked, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Tuna Noodle Casserole, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 37156: {instructions: For the Pickled Ginger Tartar Sauce: Combine all the ingredients in a small serving bowl and set aside.nFor the Wasabi Guacamole: Add all the ingredients to a small serving bowl and mash together until smooth. Set aside.nFor the Tempura BatterTuna: Whisk all ingredients together in a large bowl, but do not over mix. Keep well chilled in the refrigerator or over an ice bath until ready to use.nIn a deepfryer or stockpot, heat the oil to 350 to 375 degrees F. Cut the tuna into 2 portions. Dip each piece into the tempura batter, coating all of the sides. Lower into the deepfryer and cook until the batter is crisp, but not overly browned, approximately 1 minute. Remove from the fryer to a cutting board and cut into 14 to 12inch slices. Transfer the tuna to a serving platter and serve with the Pickled Ginger Tartar Sauce and the Wasabi Guacamole., ingredients: [1 cup aioli or mayonnaise, 23 cup sour cream, 12 cup pickle relish, 13 cup finely diced pickled ginger, 1 lime, zested, 13 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and diced, 1 small tomato, halved, seeded and finely diced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 lime, zested and juiced, 2 teaspoons wasabi powder, 1 teaspoon finely minced cilantro leaves, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup rice flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups cold soda water, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon fish sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, Oil, for frying, 1 12ounce piece sushi grade ahi tuna], title: Country Fried Tuna, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 37157: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift together the flour, baking soda and baking powder in a medium bowl. Stir in the pepper and salt. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on high speed until pale and light. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 7 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the orange zest and vanilla and almond extracts.nFold in the flour mixture, then fold in the walnuts. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or nonstick silicone liners.nDivide the dough in half, place 1 piece on each sheet and shape each piece into a 12inch log, about 2 inches across and 1 inch tall. Bake until the logs are baked through and lightly browned, about 35 minutes.nLet the logs cool for about 10 minutes on the baking sheets leave the oven on, then transfer them carefully to racks to cool 10 minutes more. Using a serrated knife, slice each log on the diagonal into 34inchthick slices. Arrange the slices cutside down on the baking sheets and return to the oven until well toasted, 15 to 20 minutes more. Transfer the biscotti to cooling racks to cool completely. They will keep, tightly covered, up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 12 cups chopped walnuts, lightly toasted see Cooks Note], title: Helens Black Pepper Walnut Biscotti, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 37158: {instructions: In a saucepan, saute onions and garlic. Add tomato and seasonings. Bring contents to a simmer. Cook fettuccini. In a separate saucepan, heat vodka and flame, Add tomato sauce and sour cream. Fold in cooked fettuccini., ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 2 to 3 cans chopped tomatoes, Oregano, thyme, basil, salt and pepper, 1 pound spinach fettuccini, 1 cup vodka, 1 cup sour cream], title: Spinach Fettuccini in Vodka Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37159: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Thoroughly grease a 12count muffin pan with butter or cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, mix together the almond meal, flaxseed meal, oat bran, spelt flour, whole wheat flour, brown sugar, baking soda and baking powder. In a separate bowl, beat the egg and egg white together. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients with the buttermilk, Applesauce and bananas. Stir together but avoid overmixing. Stir in the walnuts and raisins.nScoop the batter into the muffin cups and bake until set, 18 to 20 minutes.nThrow the apples, apple juice and lemon juice into a pan and bring it to the boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the apples are soft, about 15 minutes. Stir through the sugar and mix until melted. Add the cinnamon and stir through.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, blender or food mill. If not using right away, leave to cool and then refrigerate., ingredients: [Butter or cooking spray, for greasing the pan, 12 cup almond meal, 12 cup flaxseed meal, 12 cup oat bran, 12 cup spelt flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 egg, 1 egg white, 34 cup plus or minus buttermilk, 12 cup Applesauce, recipe follows, 2 ripe bananas, mashed, 1 cup walnuts, chopped, 12 cup raisins, 6 pounds mixed apple varieties Gala, Honeycrisp, Golden Delicious, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, 1 cup apple juice or water, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Healthy Breakfast Muffins, picturelink: null}, 37160: {instructions: Scoop ice cream into fountain drink glass add root beer and Stoli. Garnish with whipped cream and shaved milk chocolate., ingredients: [1 scoop Godiva vanilla ice cream, 3 ounces root beer, 2 ounces Stoli vanilla, Whipped cream, for garnish, Shaved milk chocolate, for garnish], title: Root Beer Rocket, picturelink: null}, 37161: {instructions: Arrange the meat attractively on a round platter, so that each slice can be easily picked up with chopsticks or a fondue fork. Arrange vegetables on a second platter.nFill a hot pot or nabe pot 23 full of dashi set on a burner on the table. Each diner picks up a piece of meat from the serving platter and swishes it around in the simmering broth until the red meat becomes pink, or cooked to the degree desired. Diners may alternate between meat and vegetables. The tofu breaks easily, so be careful when adding it to the pot. Diners eat from the pot, dipping the food into the dipping sauces which are placed in individual cups at each persons place.nCombine the water and kelp in a large pot. Bring the water to a boil, removing the kelp just before water boils since it emits a strong odor. If the fleshiest part of the kelp is still tough, return it to the water for a few more minutes, along with a little cold water. Soft kelp means sufficient flavor has been extracted. Remove the kelp and bring stock to a full boil.nAdd 14 cup cold water to bring the temperature down quickly and add the bonito flakes. Bring to a boil, and then immediately remove from the heat. If bonito flakes boil too long, the stock becomes bitter. Allow the flakes to settle to the bottom of the pan, then filter the stock through cheesecloth. Yield: About 2 quartsnCombine the dashi, soy sauce, and mirin in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Let boil for a few minutes to reduce by 13, then remove from heat and cool. Stir in vinegar to taste. Pour sauce into individual cups.nToast the sesame seeds in a heavy pan until lightly browned. Transfer warm seeds to a mortar and grind to a paste, or whirl in a blender. Add the dashi, soy sauce, mirin, sugar and sake, and mix well, using a spatula to blend and smooth the sauce. Add cayenne to taste. Pour sauce into individual cups., ingredients: [2 pounds prime quality beef, cut into paper thin slices, about 8 by 3inches, 12 shiitake mushrooms, wiped, trimmed and crisscrossed on cap with a knife, 6 green onions, sliced diagonally into 2inch lengths, 14 pound spinach, washed and stems trimmed, 1 block of tofu, about 10ounces, cut into cubes, 12 pound canned bamboo shoots, whole, washed, cut into 14inch slices, 2 quarts Basic Dashi, recipe follows, or light beef stock, Dipping Sauces, recipes follow, 3 quarts cold water, 3 ounces giant kelp, kombu, 3 ounces dried bonito flakes, 2 cups basic dashi, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, White vinegar to taste, 12 cup white sesame seeds, 12 to 1 cup dashi, 14 to 12 cup dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon sake, Cayenne pepper to taste], title: Shabu Shabu with Dipping Sauces, picturelink: null}, 37162: {instructions: For dressing: Puree red bell pepper, add vinegars and garlic. Add olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste, but keep in mind that arugula is peppery, so light on the pepper.nFor Shrimp: Toss the shrimp with olive oil and minced garlic. Sear in a hot pan, until just cooked. Set aside.nAssembly: Place arugula on serving plate, drizzle with a little dressing, add shrimp, and top with pecorino romano and Parmesan. Drizzle with just a bit more dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons roasted red bell peppers, minced, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, natural, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound arugula, 14 cup shaved pecorino romano, 14 cup shaved Parmesan, 14 pound 2125 shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic], title: Arugula Salad with Seared Shrimp and Roasted Red Bell Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: f.l6U8P5v7LrLsXhlflYr9Z4VHuKVle}, 37163: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350F. Line a standard 12cup muffin tin with cupcake liners.n2. Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.n3. For cupcakes: Beat eggs and sugar in a medium bowl using a mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in butter and vanilla. Gradually pour in butter and then vanilla. Reduce speed to and mix in half of dry ingredients. Beat in milk. Add remaining dry ingredients and beat to combine. Do not over mix.n4. Pour about 13 cup batter into each cup in muffin tin. Bake until a tester, inserted in center of cakes, comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on a rack. in tin, for 10 minutes, Release cupcake and cool completely.n5. For icing: Place chocolates in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with 1 inch or so water to a very slow simmer set bowl over, but not touching, water. Stir chocolate occasionally until melted and smooth.n6. Add confectioners sugar, milk, butter, vanilla extract, and salt and beat with a mixer until smooth and creamy. Pipe icing onto cupcakes using a large star tip. Top with sprinkles. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 3 12 ounces milk chocolate, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 14 cup milk, 14 cup unsalted butter 12 stick, softened, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, Decorative sprinkles], title: Classic Yellow Cup Cakes, picturelink: null}, 37164: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and grill to medium heat.nIn a saucepan, over medium heat, sweat the shallots in butter until tender, but not browned. Refrigerate the cooked shallots until cold. Cut the duck breast into 12inch pieces. In a food processor, place the duck pieces along with the egg, salt, pepper, cold shallot, and brandy. Puree until mixture is a very fine paste. Add the cream and dried cranberries and pulse the mixture just until it is well incorporated.nSpoon or pipe the duck mixture into the cavities of each quail. Shape each quail into its natural shape and secure with a band of aluminum foil or string. Using a pastry brush, brush each quail with a small amount of melted butter and season very lightly with salt and pepper.nGrill the quail lightly on both sides and place them in a buttered baking pan. Finish the quail in the oven for about 15 minutes until cooked.nServing suggestions: place the quail on your favorite rice pilaf, couscous or better yet some freshly made spaetzle. Top with a spoonful of lingonberries stirred in sugar this product is available in specialty food stores from Sweden packed in small jars., ingredients: [2 shallots, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, melted for brushing on quail, 1 small duck breast, with fat left on, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon brandy, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, 4 semiboneless quails, 4 tablespoons lingonberries, stirred in sugar, optional], title: Grilled Quail with Lingonberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37165: {instructions: 1. Trim the excess fat from the hens and reserve at least 2 tablespoons of trimmings and fat. In a 4quart saucepan or Dutch oven, add the hens, 10 cups water, salt, and 3 scallions. Bring to a simmer and reduce the heat to low so the water just barely bubbles. Simmer for 30 minutes. Remove the hens and allow to cool strain and reserve the broth.n2. In a medium saucepan, melt the reserved fat and the sesame oil over medium heat. Remove any skin or browned bits. Add the garlic and 2 12 tablespoons ginger and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the rice and toast until opaque, about 2 minutes. Add 3 cups broth and 3 scallions, cover, and simmer, about 20 minutes.n3. Stir together the soy sauce, brown sugar, and 2 tablespoons broth until the sugar dissolves. In a separate bowl, combine the remaining 1 tablespoon ginger and 12 cup broth. In a third bowl, combine the Sriracha and 2 tablespoons broth.n4. Place half a hen and a small bowl of broth on a plate along with some rice, 1 green onion, and condiments on the side. Spoon the broth and condiments over the rice, or as desired., ingredients: [2 Cornish game hens, halved, 6 scallions, plus 4 for garnish, trimmed, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 12 tablespoons plus 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh ginger, 1 12 cups jasmine rice, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Sriracha an Asian chili sauce, Kosher salt], title: Hainanese Chicken Rice, picturelink: null}, 37166: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPut the water, butter, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking until the butter and sugar melts. Remove pan from the heat and sift the flour into the pan. Stir the dough together with a wooden spoon. Return to the heat and stir constantly until pulls away from the sides of the pan and is slightly shiny, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a medium bowl, and beat until cooled, about 2 minutes. Add the cayenne, and whole eggs, 1 at a time, incorporating each 1 thoroughly before adding the next. Mix in the mustard and cheese.nPut 14inch plain tip in a pastry bag, and spoon the dough into the bag. Pipe 3 12inch long thin fingerlike shapes onto prepared pans. Beat the egg yolk with a tablespoon of water and dab or brush the tops of each witches finger with it. Lay an almond on the end of each witches finger so that it looks like a nail, sprinkle fingers with kosher salt.nBake for 15 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue baking until the fingers are golden brown and slightly crisp, about 5 minutes more. Cool on a rack., ingredients: [1 cup water, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, Pinch cayenne, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup grated Cheddar, about 4 ounces, 1 large egg yolk, Whole unblanched almonds, Kosher salt], title: Witches Fingers, picturelink: null}, 37167: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and place a baking sheet in the oven.nMake the Panzanella Cubes: Heat the butter in a skillet over moderate heat until it begins to brown. Add the chopped garlic and stir briefly to release its fragrance. Add the chopped thyme. Stir to combine.nPour the butter mixture over the bread cubes in a bowl and toss briskly so butter coats cubes evenly. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the 2 cheeses and chopped basil. Place the bread cubes in a single layer on the preheated baking sheet, scraping all the seasonings over them. Bake until lightly brown and crunchy on the outside, but still soft on the inside, about 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl to cool.nMake the dressing: If using fresh peas, blanch them for 30 seconds in boiling water, then shock in ice water. Drain. In a stainless steel saucepan, simmer blanched peas or frozen peas and a pinch of salt in cream, until peas are tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer peas and cream to blender or food processor, add pinch of Vitamin C powder to retain bright green color, if desired. While blender or food processor is running, add chicken stock and olive oil and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cool the puree in a bowl over an ice bath.nCombine: In a large bowl, combine the toasted bread cubes and the pea puree. Stir to coat the bread. Add the cooked peas, scallions, and pecorino Toscano.nPut the ring from a 10inch spring form pan upside down on a large plate. Fill with the bread mixture, pressing it into place. Let stand, or refrigerate, for 30 minutes to 1 hour, then remove the ring. In a bowl, dress the spring greens with lemon juice, lemon zest and olive oil, to taste. Mound the greens lightly on top of the panzanella. Grate pecorino on top, to garnish., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound day old country bread, cut in 12inch cubes remove crust if hard, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 13 cup freshly grated pecorino Romano, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups fresh or frozen peas, 12 cup heavy cream, Pinch powdered Vitamin C, optional ascorbic acid, 12 cup chicken stock or water, plus more for moistening the salad, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup thinly sliced scallion greens, 1 12 cups cooked peas, 12 cup grated pecorino Toscano, plus more for grating, 6 cups spring greens, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest], title: Pea Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 37168: {instructions: Trim the green tops from the beets and thinly slice the greens to make about 2 lightly packed cups. Reserve.nPeel and cut the beets into 12inch pieces to make about 4 cups. Add the beets to an 8inch square baking dish along with the oil, vinegar, bay leaf, 13 cup of water, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Stir to combine. Cover with a vented lid or plastic wrap with 6 small holes poked in it. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Carefully uncover and stir the beets. Cover and microwave on high, stirring the beets every 5 minutes until the beets are tender, about 10 additional minutes. Carefully uncover and stir in the reserved greens and 14 teaspoon salt. Cover and microwave until the greens are tender, about 5 minutes. Discard the bay leaf.nTo serve, put the beets and greens into a serving bowl and crumble the goat cheese on top. Lightly sprinkle with additional black pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds medium red beets with green tops about 8 total, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces goat cheese], title: Microwave Beets with Greens and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 37169: {instructions: For the XO Sauce:nDrain scallops and shrimp, process both seperately in food processor to shred and chop. Or they can be chopped by hand. Beginning with scallops, place in oil and cook until lightly browned, strain. Continue with this procedure with shrimp, shallots, garlic, serrano chiles. When it comes time to cook the prosciutto, this will take a bit longer as you will want to render this until almost crisp as with bacon. Add remaining ingredients and mix well.nThis is best if used the following day so all the flavors may come together. This recipe can be made in large quantities and used at later dates. Can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 1 month. Can also be frozen.nCooks Note: In a large sauce pot over medium heat add canola oil. Each ingredient will be fried or rendered in this pot. Each time an ingredient is cooked, it should be completely strained from the oil and the oil returned to the pot for the next batch. Careful not to burn anything as you will want to use the oil in the final product to add flavor. If anything is burned then this will impart a bitter flavor. After each ingredient is cooked they can mixed into a common container.nFor the Edamame:nIn a pot of boiling water, blanch the edamame, strain. In a woksaute pan with a small amount of cooking oil, saute cooked edamame with remaining ingredients and toss vigorously. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1ounce dry scallops, soaked in water overnight, 34ounce dry shrimp, soaked in water overnight, 6 ounces canola oil, for frying, see Cooks Note, 1ounce shallots, chopped in food processor, 34 tablespoon garlic, chopped in food processor, 34 tablespoon finely chopped serrano chiles, 3 14 ounces prosciutto, finely diced, 34 tablespoon lemongrass, finely minced, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 chile de arbol, finely minced in food processor, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon, 12 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 2 pounds plus 12 ounces frozen edamame, 4 ounces XO sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon togarashi], title: Edamame with XO Sauce, picturelink: MQopBjB..6lndwcN0EOfVAo6Rq7bRZm}, 37170: {instructions: Special equipment: Chocolate Shot GlassesnShake the cognac and tea together in cocktail shaker with ice. Add cream. Shake and serve in Chocolate Shot Glasses. Add cinnamon stick for garnish., ingredients: [14 cup cognac, 14 cup 2 ounces chocolate Chai tea recommended: Lover Chocolate Chai, Ice, Splash cream, Cinnamon sticks], title: Chocolate Chai Tea Cognac, picturelink: null}, 37171: {instructions: With blender, blend tomatoes, onions, red pepper, and garlic until smooth. Add bouillon cubes, thyme and white pepper.nAdd olive oil to the blended paste, and set the mixture aside. Add 4 cups of water into a pot.nWash the rice in hot water until the water is clear. Drain through a fine sieve.nPour the rice and blended mixture into the pot of water and stir with wooden spoon. Set the stove to medium heat and place pot on stove, then let it cook for 45 minutes while stirring every 15 minutes.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound parboiled rice, 1 can tomato puree400 grams, 1 onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 6 small or 3 large red bell peppers, seeded and sliced, 1 bunch thyme, leaves picked, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 8 chicken bouillon cubes recommended: Maggi or Goya], title: Jollof Rice, picturelink: null}, 37172: {instructions: For the matzo balls: Mix all of the ingredients together until evenly distributed there should be no lumps. Cover with waxed paper and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll dough into balls about the size of a golf ball. To keep batter from sticking to your hands, rub them with oil or water as needed. Drop balls immediately into a large pot of boiling water. Cook the balls for about 20 minutes or until done. They will sink to the bottom and then float back up to the top as they cook and the water returns to temperature. The balls should have expanded to be about 2 12 times their original size about the size of a tennis ball. Check to make sure that the balls are done by cutting in half. The center should look grainy and yellow. Remove balls from pot and use immediately or set them in a pot of cold water and let cold water run over them until completely cooled. Set them in cold water in the refrigerator until ready to use. They may be reheated either in the broth or in the water.nFor the broth: In a large stockpot, add all ingredients and water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 2 hours. Taste and adjust seasoning. Let cool. Strain vegetables out of the broth. Use immediately or it may be frozen., ingredients: [2 cups matzo meal, 9 eggs, 12 cup Kosher for Passvoer canola or vegetable oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 carrots cut into chunks, 2 medium onions cut into chunks, 2 parsnips cut into chunks, 3 turnips cut into chunks, 12 cloves of garlic, 1 leek thinly sliced, 34 teaspoon tumeric, Pepper to taste, Handful of parsley and dill, Water], title: Matzo Ball Soup, picturelink: null}, 37173: {instructions: In a resealable bag or a small deep bowl, mix maple syrup and soy sauce. Arrange fillets so that marinade completely covers fish. Marinate in the refrigerator for as long possible a minimum of 4 hours, but ideally 24 hours to do it justice.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nRub oil on a 10 by 10inch sheet of aluminum foil.nPlace pepper on a small plate. Remove salmon from marinade and pat topside only into cracked pepper to coat. Place fillets, pepper side up, on foil.nBake on the top rack of the oven for approximately 7 minutes. Syrup may cause fish to smoke when cooking, do not be alarmed. Salmon can also be grilled directly over hot coals for about 3 minutes per side. But do not even think about using a microwave. Avoid overcooking the fillets. Salmon is best when the color has turned to a pale pink, but the fish is still moist throughout. Serve immediately on warmed plates., ingredients: [34 cup maple syrup, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, skin removed, 14 cup coarsely ground black pepper Grind it yourself, or purchase cracked pepper at your grocery store, 12 teaspoon peanut or other vegetable oil, or a spritz of oil spray], title: PepperCrusted MapleGlazed Salmon, picturelink: null}, 37174: {instructions: Marinate chicken overnight in the refrigerator in the Chicken Marinade.nPrepare a grill for cooking or heat a saute pan over medium heat. Grill or saute chicken breasts over medium heat until cooked through.nWhile chicken is cooking, spread 1 tablespoon Walnut Pesto on each of 4 slices of the panini rolls and 2 tablespoons Chipotle Aioli on each of the other 4 slices.nRemove chicken from grill and build each sandwich by placing a chicken breast on top of the bread with Walnut Pesto, then a tomato slice and 2 pieces of cheese, 1 tablespoon ThreeOnion Marmalade, and topped with the bread with Chipotle Aioli.nPlace all ingredients in a food processor or blender and combine on high for 2 minutes or until smooth. Transfer to a 13 by 9inch nonreactive baking dish or other flat container. Add chicken breasts to dish, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nSpread walnuts on a small sheet pan and toast in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes. Place all ingredients, except oil, in a blender and process until smooth. Slowly add the oil and continue to puree for 1 minute. Set aside.nMix mayonnaise, garlic, and chipotle puree in a small bowl until well combined. Set aside. Refrigerate if not using immediately.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over a mediumhigh flame and lightly brown the garlic, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the yellow and red onions and cook until wilted. Add the pepper, sugar, and vinegar, lower the heat to medium, and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the green onions and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, trimmed of fat, 4 cups Chicken Marinade, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons Walnut Pesto, recipe follows, 4 fresh panini rolls, sliced, 8 tablespoons Chipotle Aioli, recipe follows, 4 slices tomato, 8 slices Monterey Jack Cheese, 4 tablespoons ThreeOnion Marmalade, recipe follows, 2 jalapeno peppers, 2 limes, juiced, 18 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup olive oil, 14 cup walnuts, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 tablespoons Parmesan, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup olive oil, Preheat oven to 350 degrees F., 12 cup goodquality mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 yellow onion, julienned, 14 red onion, julienned, 12 tablespoon chopped jalapeno pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 green onions, thinly sliced], title: Brainwash FlatIron Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 37175: {instructions: Skin the darne of salmon. In a saute pan, or other pan just large enough to accommodate the fish, make a layer of orange slices. Put the salmon on top and season with the nutmeg and salt to taste. Pack the remaining orange slices around the sides and over the top. Pour on the wine and orange juice and bring to the boil. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until the salmon is just cooked.nServe with triangles of toasted breadmade from good bread, not sliced or supermarket., ingredients: [2 pounds darne of salmon thick slice cut across the fish, just behind the head, 3 oranges, peeled and sliced, 2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, Salt, Red wine, Juice of 1 orange], title: Robert Mays Salmon, picturelink: null}, 37176: {instructions: Special equipment: food processornFor the shrimp cream: Heat the olive oil in a pan over medium heat and saute the shrimp until just opaque, about 2 minutes. In a food processor, puree the shrimp, heavy cream, and tomatoes until smooth.nFor the risotto: In a small pot bring the shrimp stock to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and keep warm.nHeat 2 tablespoons unsalted butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat, add the shallots and saute until soft. Add the arborio rice and stir until it is coated with butter, about 1 to 2 minutes. Turn the heat to high and add the white wine, stir until most of the wine has been absorbed by the rice. Season with the salt and pepper. Add the hot stock 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly, after each addition, until the liquid is absorbed. Continue adding the stock and stirring to release the starch from the rice. Begin to check the rice for doneness after 18 minutes, it should be al dente.nAdd the shrimp cream mixture and continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining butter, basil, parsley, and Parmesan. Adjust the seasoning.nIn a large skillet over medium heat saute the garlic and remaining shrimp in olive oil for 1 to 2 minutes. Serve the shrimp on top of the risotto and sprinkle with the parsley.nIn a large stock pot over high heat, saute the shrimp shells until bright pink. Add the leeks, carrots, onions, shallots, garlic, and thyme and cook until soft and golden. Pour in the white wine and reduce by half. Add the cold water and bring to a boil. Skim any foam or impurities from the surface. Simmer over medium heat for 30 minutes.nYield: 14 cupsnPreparation Time: 10 minutesnCooking Time: 30 minutes, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup canned tomatoes, 5 cups shrimp stock, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 teaspoons, 12 cup finely minced shallots, 1 cup arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, plus 14 cup, chopped for garnish, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 pounds shrimp shells, see Cooks Note, 1 bunch leeks, cleaned, white parts, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 4 shallots, chopped, 2 clove garlic, smashed, 3 sprigs fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup white wine, 15 cups cold water, Strain, cool and refrigerate], title: Shrimp and Tomato Risotto, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 37177: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until they just turn bright green, 2 to 3 minutes. You dont want to cook the green beans through as they will cook in the oven also. Strain and plunge the green beans immediately in a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process. When cool, drain and set out to dry on paper towels.nSet a 12inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and vegetable oil. Once the butter is melted and the pan is hot, add the mushrooms. Cook undisturbed so the mushrooms sear nicely, about 1 minute. Add the thyme and garlic and continue cooking the mushrooms to achieve some nice color. Season with the salt, pepper, cayenne and nutmeg. Cook 2 to 3 more minutes longer, dusting the mushrooms with some of the flour as they release moisture. Stir with a whisk to incorporate the flour just like making a roux and gradually add in the chicken stock. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat and add the sour cream and cream. Stir gently and cook over low heat until gravy thickens, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the blanched green beans to the pan and fold together so everything is mixed well. Spread out evenly in the pan. Sprinkle the green beans with the grated Parmesan and transfer to a roasting tray to catch any spillover. Bake until the casserole is bubbly and the top is melted and golden, 15 minutes.nPour the vegetable oil into a deep skillet and heat to 350 degrees F. Pour the flour into a large mixing bowl and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Toss the shallot rounds in the seasoned flour, then place in a strainer and shake off any excess flour. Fry the shallots in the hot oil in small batches until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt while still hot.nTop the green bean casserole with the fried shallots and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound mixed gourmet mushrooms, such as shiitakes, creminis and oyster, cleaned and quartered, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne powder, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 4 medium shallots, sliced and separated into thin rounds, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying], title: Green Bean Casserole with Homemade Mushroom Gravy, picturelink: SERNiO0UqUOFxdSlFZFJehphWydbwO}, 37178: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a mandolin, thinly slice the potatoes into rounds, and then soak, rinse, and dry the potatoes. Coat the bottoms of 4 fluted 8ounce oval ramekins with 2 tablespoons butter and sprinkle the garlic evenly among the ramekins, and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, cream, eggs, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. In the ramekins, layer the potatoes, Gruyere, and cream mixture. Press down lightly with hands to compress. Top each ramekin with tabs of butter and the Parmesan. Place the ramekins in a water bath and bake until tender and golden brown. Remove the ramekins from the water bath and let rest for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 Idaho potatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 12 ounces butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup finely grated Gruyere, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 37179: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: In a small nonreactive bowl or food processor, place the shallots, mustard, honey, vinegars, and fruit juices and whisk or process. Slowly incorporate the oils, teaspoon by teaspoon until emulsified. Add salt and pepper to taste.nIn a small saute pan heat the sesame oil until just below the smoking point. Add the sesame seeds and cook until the oil colors slightly. Drain the oil and reserve the seeds.nIn a large bowl combine 12 of the sesame seeds, the watermelon, watercress, parsley, scallions, and chervil and toss with the vinaigrette to taste. Divide the greens between 6 or 8 individual salad plates and place the watermelon pieces on top. Sprinkle with the reserved sesame seeds and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 teaspoons grained Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, or to taste, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoons blood orange juice or regular orange juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup peanut oil, Salt, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 4 cups seeded watermelon pieces about 1inch in size, 6 cups watercress leaves about 1 bunch, 14 cup Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup scallions, sliced, 12 cup fresh chervil tops or fresh oregano, Black pepper], title: Spring Salad of Watermelon, Watercress, and Scallions with a ShallotCitrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 37180: {instructions: Cover bulgur wheat with cold water, by an inch, and soak for 30 minutes. During this time, in a food processor mince the parsley you need 2 cups chopped and mint you need 12 cup chopped and cut the chives you need 12 cup snipped.nWhen the bulgur is plumped up, drain and transfer it to a clean cloth or a double layer of cheesecloth. Wring out excess water the grains should be moist and tender, not watery.nTransfer the bulgur wheat to a bowl and add the chopped parsley, mint and chives. Stir in the lemon zest, juice and olive oil. Toss well to combine and season to taste with salt and pepper. Add more lemon zest, juice or olive oil to taste. Transfer the grains to a bed of lettuce leaves or use as a bed for the halibut top with tomatoes., ingredients: [1 cup medium grain bulgur wheat, Water to cover, 4 cups packed fresh parsley, 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 1 to 2 bunches fresh chives, Grated lemon zest and juice of 1 lemon or more to taste, 13 cup or more to taste extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 vineripened tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice], title: Parsley and Tabouleh, picturelink: null}, 37181: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add anchos and toast until fragrant and beginning to blacken. Remove from skillet and let stand until cool enough to handle. Add cumin seeds to skillet and toast, shaking skillet constantly, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a spice grinder and grind until fine. Tear anchos into pieces and place in the jar of a blender. Add the stock and chipotles in adobo sauce. Puree, and set aside. Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add chicken and cook, stirring, until the exterior turns white, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved cumin, the oregano, epazote, and ground chipotle, cook 5 minutes more. Stir in the stock mixture, beans, and tomatoes. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook, partially covered and stirring occasionally, until flavors have married and liquid is thickened and reduced, about 40 minutes. Serve immediately with cheese, onion, cilantro, sour cream, avocado, and tortilla strips on the side.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spread tortillas in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until crisp and just beginning to turn golden, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand until cool. They will keep, in an airtight container at room temperature, for up to 2 days. Yield: about 40, ingredients: [3 ancho chiles, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 2 cups homemade or lowsodium commercial chicken stock, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, cut into 14inch dice, 4 medium garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs from about 2 pounds, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 2 teaspoons dried epazote, 12 teaspoon ground chipotle chiles, 3 15ounce cans kidney beans, drained, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, Freshly grated Monterey Jack cheese, for serving, optional, Diced red onion, for serving, optional, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, optional, Sour cream, for serving, optional, Diced avocado, for serving, optional, Toasted Corn Tortilla Strips, recipe follows, or tortilla chips, for serving, optional, 8 corn tortillas, cut into 1inchwide strips], title: Chicken Chili, picturelink: iDTbhm7zNAaoeZ3C8.lu.hOujNFhOse}, 37182: {instructions: For dough:nWhisk together the warm water, yeast, sugar, and melted butter in a small bowl let stand until yeast is dissolved, about 10 minutes.nWhisk 1 14 cups flour and salt together in a medium bowl. Add yeast mixture to flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until mixture clumps together. Mix until incorporated. Add more flour, a little at a time, if dough is too wet.nTurn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 3 minutes. Divide dough into 12 equal pieces roll each into a ball. Place on a flourdusted baking sheet cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 45 to 60 minutes. Dough can be made up to this point 1 day ahead. Keep covered and refrigerate.nFor caramelized onions:nHeat oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion slices to skillet and season with 12 teaspoon kosher salt. Cook onions without turning until they are softened and beginning to brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add sherry vinegar and honey and stir well to incorporate reduce heat to medium and continue to cook until onions are tender and brown, occasionally stirring gently, about 10 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt.nRemove skillet from heat and cool. Onions can be prepared up to 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSprinkle 2 baking sheets lightly with cornmeal. Roll out each dough ball to 3 to 4inch rounds. Transfer 6 rounds to each prepared baking sheet. Pierce dough all over with fork. Brush generously with extravirgin olive oil. Arrange onions evenly atop each round, leaving 14inch plain border. Top with thyme leaves. Bake flatbreads until crusts are puffed and golden, about 12 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle crumbled goat cheese on top of each mini focaccia. Transfer to serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 1 package active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon superfine or regular granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, melted in microwave for 1 minute, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 large red onions, peeled and sliced about 12inch thick, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Cornmeal, for dusting baking sheets, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, About 20 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, 4 ounces firm plain goat cheese, roughly crumbled, refrigerated until ready to use], title: Mini Caramelized Onion Focaccia, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 37183: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the mushrooms with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste on a baking sheet. Roast until tender and golden, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, put the eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water bring to a boil. Add the wax beans and remove from the heat cover and let stand 10 minutes. Drain, then rinse the eggs and beans under cold water. Peel and quarter the eggs set aside. Toss the beans with 1 teaspoon vinegar and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Cut threequarters of the tofu into sticks. Make the dressing: Combine onethird of the mushrooms, the remaining tofu, 3 tablespoons vinegar and 1 tablespoon olive oil, the yogurt, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a food processor and puree. Toss with the greens season with salt and pepper. Divide among bowls. Top with the remaining mushrooms and tofu, the eggs, beans, beets, cheese and sunflower seeds.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 pound white mushrooms, trimmed and halved, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs, 12 pound yellow wax beans, trimmed, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 4 ounces smoked or baked tofu, 13 cup fatfree plain yogurt, 12 cups mixed greens about 12 ounces, 2 vacuumpacked cooked beets, cut into sticks, 3 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, cut into sticks, 2 tablespoons salted roasted sunflower seeds], title: Vegetarian Chefs Salad, picturelink: F7N645DFMqTcHVVNBxwiGqlHv8AcsG}, 37184: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the Brussels sprouts and butternut squash with the olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet season with salt and pepper. Spread in an even layer. Bake until tender and browned, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring 4 cups water, the milk and 12 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the polenta. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low. Cook, stirring often, until creamy, about 6 minutes. Whisk in the pumpkin. Cook, whisking, until warmed through, about 4 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in the grated parmesan, butter and sage season with salt. Top each serving with the roasted vegetables and shaved parmesan drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed and quartered about 4 cups, 1 pound cubed peeled butternut squash about 3 cups, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups milk, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese about 2 ounces, plus shaved parmesan, for topping, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage], title: Pumpkin Polenta with Vegetables, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 37185: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToast the almonds in a dry skillet over a medium heat, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer the almonds to a bowl.nIn a small bowl, stir together the cumin, garlic, cayenne pepper and salt. Heat the oil in the skillet over medium heat. Stir the spices into the oil and cook, stirring until warm, about 30 seconds. Add the almonds and cook, stirring frequently, until the nuts are warm and the spices are evenly distributed. Add the hot pepper sauce and stir to distribute. Remove the almonds from the pan and allow them to cool before serving., ingredients: [2 cups whole unsalted almonds, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon hot pepper sauce], title: Spiced Almonds, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 37186: {instructions: To a rocks glass filled with ice, add the peach vodka, orange vodka and ouzo. Top with equal parts orange juice and sweet and sour mix. Stir and enjoy., ingredients: [12ounce peach vodka, 12ounce orange vodka, 13ounce ouzo, 1 part orange juice, 1 part sweet and sour mix], title: Greek Doctor, picturelink: b2NuPWceATBMjSEzhZaSP5iuJbMP4m}, 37187: {instructions: Make a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs and oil. Using a fork, beat together the eggs and oil and begin to incorporate the flour starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up to retain the well shape. Do not worry that this initial phase looks messy. The dough will come together when half of the flour is incorporated. Start kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up any leftover crusty bits. Discard these bits. Lightly flour the board and continue kneading for 3 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Continue to knead for another 3 minutes, remembering to dust your board when necessary. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature. Note: Do not skip the kneading or resting portion of this recipe. They are essential for a light pasta. Roll out pasta to thinnest setting on pasta machine. Cut pasta into 14inch thick noodles by hand or with machine and set aside under a moist towel.nFollow regular fettucine instructions.nTo Prepare Dish: Bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. In a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat oil over the heat. Add shallots and saute until light golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add radicchio and cook 30 seconds. Add cream, reduce by half and remove from heat. Drop pasta into boiling water and cook until tender yet al dente. Drain pasta well and toss into pan with cream mixture. Return to heat, add lemon zest and juice and toss to coat. Add half the cheese and toss again. Serve immediately in warm bowl, making extra cheese available on the side., ingredients: [12 recipe fresh fettuccine, 12 recipe fresh green fettuccine, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 shallots, finely chopped, 1 head Treviso radicchio, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 12 cups cream, Zest of 4 lemons plus juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup grated Asiago, 4 extra large eggs, 3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour plus 12 cup for dusting your work surface, 12 teaspoon olive oil, 4 extra large eggs, 6 ounces frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed very dry, 3 12 cup unbleached allpurpose flour plus 12 cup for dusting your work surface, 12 teaspoon olive oil], title: Fettuccine with Lemon Paradiso Perduto, picturelink: null}, 37188: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, crumbling with a wooden spoon, until browned. Add the garlic, bay leaves, rosemary, carrots, onions and potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the kale and nutmeg. Add the wine to deglaze the pot, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom. Stir in the chicken stock and 2 cups water and bring to boil for thicker soup, use 2 cups less liquid.nStir in the lentils and cook at a low, bubbly simmer until the lentils are tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the rosemary stems and bay leaves.nLadle the soup into bowls and top with a drizzle of EVOO and the shaved Pecorino.nPer Serving: Calories 380 Total Fat 13 grams Saturated Fat 3 grams Protein 25 grams Total Carbohydrate 44 grams Sugar: 4 grams Fiber 9 grams Cholesterol 23 milligrams Sodium 1207 milligrams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 1 pound hot or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 stems fresh rosemary, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 large or 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 potato, peeled and cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bunch black kale, stemmed and chopped, A few gratings fresh nutmeg, 12 cup dry white or red wine, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 14 cups brown lentils, Shaved Pecorino cheese, for serving], title: Lentil Soup with Kale and Sausage, picturelink: null}, 37189: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the milk, pumpkin puree, yogurt, maple syrup, pie spice, vanilla and banana in a blender and blend until combined., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 12 cup pumpkin puree, 12 cup yogurt, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice or cinnamon, Splash vanilla, 1 frozen banana], title: Pumpkin Smoothie, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 37190: {instructions: Whisk the mayonnaise, sour cream, adobo sauce, ketchup and lime juice together in a large bowl. Season with some salt and pepper. Fold in the bell peppers and chopped cilantro. Then fold in the crab.nCut a thin slice off the rounded side of the avocadoes so that they sit flat on a plate. Place the avocado halves, flatside down, on a platter. Fill the cavities with the crab mixture, dividing equally. Garnish with a cilantro sprig. Serve cold., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons canned adobo sauce from chipotle chiles in adobo, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup chopped red bell pepper from about 12 bell pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 pound cooked Dungeness crab meat, picked, 4 avocados, peeled, pitted], title: Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 37191: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the baguette diagonally into 14inch slices. You should have 20 to 25 slices. Place the slices in 1 layer on a baking sheet. Brush each slice with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nBake the toasts for 15 to 20 minutes or until they are crisp and browned. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 baguette, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Baguette, picturelink: null}, 37192: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Mist both sides of the eggplant slices with nonstick cooking spray and sprinkle both sides with the Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and broil until browned and tender, turning once, about 6 minutes. Set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nMeanwhile, combine the flour and cayenne in a shallow dish. Combine the egg whites and 1 teaspoon water in a second dish. Combine the cereal and parmesan cheese in a third dish. Working with 1 piece of chicken at a time, dredge with the flour and tap off the excess. Coat with the egg whites and then place in the cereal mix and press until well coated on both sides. Repeat with the remaining chicken.nMist a large nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 of the oil and then 2 pieces of the coated chicken. Cook, turning once, until the chicken is just cooked through, about 5 mintues. Transfer to a 9by13inch baking dish coated with nonstick cooking spray and repeat with the remaining oil and chicken.nPlace 2 eggplant slices on each chicken cutlet and top evenly with the tomatoes and cheese. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese is melted and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley and 14 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 small eggplant about 1 pound, trimmed and cut into 8 slices, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten, 3 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Chex, finely crushed, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 4 boneless skinless chicken cutlets 12 to 14 ounces total, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 13 cup nosaltadded crushed tomatoes, 12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Lightened Chicken and Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: NAU8tkF2Dhx7KO66x5Xp3qRKd1KGUza}, 37193: {instructions: Cook 4 chopped bacon slices in a skillet until crisp remove with a slotted spoon and drain. Off the heat, whisk 3 tablespoons each currants and red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper into the drippings. Toss with 1 head chopped escarole, chopped pistachios and the bacon.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Escarole and Bacon Salad, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 37194: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment place the wholewheat flour, allpurpose flour, yeast, salt, and sugar. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the oil and 1 13 cup lukewarm water. Knead on low speed until the dough is firm and smooth, about 10 minutes.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 7 12 ounces each. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place 2 balls on each sheet and cover with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rise in a warm spot until they have doubled in size, about 2 hours.nTo roll out the dough dab your fingers in flour and then place 1 ball on a generously floured work surface. Press down the center of each ball with the tips of your fingers, stretching the dough out with your hand. When the dough has doubled in width, using a floured rolling pin, roll the dough out until it is very thin, like a flatbread. The outer border should be slightly thicker than the center. Transfer the dough with a spatula or the back of a knife, allowing it to fold up almost like an umbrella, to a paddle. Do not worry that the pizza is not round, you are looking for an 8 to 10inch shape, a cross between an oval and a rectangle. If you get a hole, simply pinch the edges back together. Repeat with the remaining balls., ingredients: [14 cup wholewheat flour, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling, 2 teaspoons 14ounce fresh yeast, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 13 cups lukewarm water], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 37195: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Tie the veal shoulder up into a nice round roast. In a blender, combine porcinis, and blend until you have a powder. Add garlic, rosemary, thyme, salt and pepper and blend again. Drizzle veal with olive oil then rub all over with powder.nBrown veal roast in a heavybased skillet over high heat all over  about 2 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer to the rack of a preheated oven have a tray below to catch any drippings and roast for about 2 hours  internal temp should read 125130 degrees F.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a large roasting tray into the oven to heat it up. When hot remove from oven and add a drizzle of olive oil. Toss potatoes, fennel and garlic onto hot sheet tray, season with salt and pepper and place into oven on a lower rack below the veal roast. Roast for 60 minutes until golden and caramelized., ingredients: [1 boneless 34 pound veal shoulder, 4 garlic cloves, 3 sprigs of rosemary, leaves, 3 sprigs of thyme, leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ounce dried porcinis, 1 recipe Roasted Fennel and Potatoes, recipe follows, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 pounds fennel bulb, cut into wedges through the root, 1 head of garlic, broken into cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Porcini Roasted Veal Shoulder, picturelink: null}, 37196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the onions and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Season the onions generously with salt and cook for about 5 to 7 minutes. The onions should be very soft and aromatic but have no color. Add the garlic and the crushed red pepper and saute for another 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off heat and allow to cool.nIn a large bowl combine the meats, eggs, Parmigiano, parsley and bread crumbs. It works well to squish the mixture with your hands. Add the onion mixture and season generously with salt and squish some more. Add the water and do 1 final really good squish. The mixture should be quite wet. Test the seasoning of the mix by making a mini hamburger size patty and cooking it. The mixture should taste really good If it doesnt it is probably missing salt. Add more. Add more anyway.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nShape the meat into desired size. Some people like em big some people like em small. I prefer meatballs slightly larger than a golf ball. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Brown the meatballs on all sides. Place them on a cookie sheet and bake them in the preheated oven for about 15 minutes or until the meatballs are cooked all the way through. If using right away, add them to your big pot of marinara sauce. If not using right away, they can be frozen for later use. Serve with pasta and sauce or just eat them straight out of the pot YUMnCoat a large saucepot with olive oil and add the pancetta. Bring the pot to a mediumhigh heat and cook the pancetta for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onions, season generously with salt and stir to coat with olive oil. Cook the onions for 6 to 7 minutes stirring frequently. The onions should become very soft and aromatic but have no color. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes stirring frequently.nPass the tomatoes through the food mill. Be sure to pass all of the pulp through the holes leaving only the stems and the seeds, and be sure to scrape the pulp off of the bottom of the food mill. Thats all of the big money stuff Add the tomatoes to the pot and rinse out 1 of the empty tomato cans with water and add that water to the pot about 2 to 3 cups. Season generously with salt and TASTE IT Tomatoes take a lot of salt. Season in baby steps and taste every step of the way. Cook the sauce for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally and tasting frequently.nUse the sauce right away on pasta or for any other tomato sauce need. This sauce can also be cooled and stored in the refrigerator for a few days and freezes really well.nYield: 2 quarts, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, 14inch dice, Salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 2 large eggs, 1 cup grated Parmigiano, 14 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 12 cup water, Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound diced pancetta, 2 large Spanish onions, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 large garlic cloves, smashed and chopped, 4 28ounce cans Italian plum San Marzano tomatoes], title: Excellent Meatballs, picturelink: d2S4WBlzVoMwWlNHa4TeKIARzTJFH6a}, 37197: {instructions: Put a large mixing bowl in the freezer to chill. In a saucepan over medium heat, bring the halfandhalf, cream and vanilla bean to a simmer, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer turn it off, do not let it boil In a thin stream, whisk half of it into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the eggcream mixture into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees, it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you dont have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready, if the edges blur, it is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove from the heat. Meanwhile, remove the bowl from the freezer, put 4 handfuls of ice cubes in the bottom, and add cold water to cover. Rest a smaller bowl in the ice water.nStrain the cream mixture through a fine sieve to remove the vanilla bean pieces, into a smaller bowl. Chill 3 hours, then freeze according to the directions for your ice cream maker., ingredients: [4 cups halfandhalf, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 18 large egg yolks, 1 12 cups sugar], title: Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 37198: {instructions: Place potatoes in a pot and covered with water. Cover pot with lid and bring water to a boil. Salt boiling water and potatoes. Leave lid off pot and simmer at rolling boil until tender, 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile potatoes cook, combine meat, Worcestershire, onion and steak seasoning or salt and pepper. Form 2 large, oval patties, 1inch thick.nPreheat large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add a tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil and the meat patties to a hot pan. Cook meat 6 minutes on each side until meat is evenly caramelized on the outside and juices run clear. Remove meat and cover with loose tin foil to keep warm. Add 1 more turn of the pan extravirgin olive oil and butter to the pan, then the mushrooms. Season mushrooms with salt and pepper and saute mushrooms until tender, 3 to 5 minutes.nWhile mushrooms cook, squeeze defrosted spinach dry by wringing it out in a kitchen towel. To a small skillet, add butter and cream and heat to a bubble over moderate heat. add spinach and salt and pepper. Cook until spinach thickens with cream, 3 to 5 minutes.nTo mushrooms, add a sprinkle of flour to the pan and cook 2 minutes more. Whisk in stock and thicken 1 minute.nWhile sauce thickens, drain potatoes and return to hot pot. Smash potatoes with a little halfand half or cream and garlic and herb cheese. Smash and incorporate chives. Add salt and pepper, to your taste.nTo serve, pour gravy over Salisbury steak. Serve potatoes and creamed spinach alongside the steaks. Now thats a TV dinner, DELUXE, ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and chunked, 3 large potatoes, Salt and pepper, 12 cup halfandhalf or cream, eyeball it, 4 ounces, 12 cup garlic and herb cheese recommended: Boursin, 3 tablespoons chopped chives or, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 14 pounds ground beef sirloin, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon steak seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Seasoning by McCormick or, coarse salt and pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons, 3 turns of the pan, 12 crimini or baby portobellos, sliced, 12 shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef stock, 2 boxes frozen chopped spinach, 10 ounces, defrosted in microwave, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Salisbury Steak with Wild Mushroom Gravy, Smashed Potatoes with garlic and Herb Cheese and Chives, Creamed Spinach, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 37199: {instructions: In a Dutch oven or skillet, brown beef well in oil. After the beef is cooked, remove and put into a deep pot. Add the garlic and mix well. Add water, tomatoes, lemon, onions, salt, pepper, and sugar. Mix well and simmer 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Add carrots, potatoes, cloves, and crushed basil leaves. Cover, and cook until vegetables are tender. Add canned peas, and cook until they are heated through, about 4 minutes. If necessary, to thicken gravy, thicken with flour, dissolved in water. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 pounds lean beef, cubed, 4 tablespoons oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups hot water, 2 large cans tomatoes, 2 thin slices lemon, 4 medium onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 6 tablespoons sugar, 12 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 9 to 10 medium potatoes, quartered, Dash cloves, 12 teaspoon dried basil leaves, 2 cans English peas], title: Chuckwagon Beef Stew, picturelink: null}}