{37200: {instructions: Cut citrus fruit into supremes, making sure to reserve juices.nOn dessert plates, alternate grapefruit and orange supremes in an outside circle, leaving room in center for bananas.nCombine juices which came out of grapefruit and oranges when you peeled and cut them into supremes, with some flavored syrup.nPeel bananas, cut into thin rounds and center them inside oranges and grapefruit. Drizzle syrup over citrus and bananas and garnish with fresh mint.nHeat wine, water, honey and cheesecloth bag and simmer, uncovered for 20 to 30 minutes or until 1 12 cups of liquid remain. Remove and discard cheesecloth.nUse to spoon over citrus, bananas, kiwi, fresh apricots, peaches and nectarinesnIn a cheesecloth, tie 12 crushed cardamom pods, whole coriander seeds, whole cloves and allspice or anything else you really like., ingredients: [2 grapefruit, preferably pink, 6 navel oranges, 2 whole bananas, Fresh mint leaves, Spiced Syrup, recipe follows, 2 cups white wine, 2 cups water, 12 cup good flavored honey], title: Citrus Salad, picturelink: null}, 37201: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the carrots and saute until they are tender. Add the peas and salt and pepper to taste and saute until they are thawed and cooked through. Stir in the chopped basil before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 big carrots, cut into small dice, 16 ounces frozen peas, Salt and pepper, Fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Peas and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 37202: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the tomatoes with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Spread the tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until softened, about 20 minutes. Return to the bowl and stir with a wooden spoon to break up the tomatoes and make a chunky sauce.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain.nWhile the pasta is cooking, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 3 minutes add to the bowl with the tomatoes.nAdd the pasta to the tomato mixture and toss, adding enough of the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen the sauce. Stir in the oregano and season with salt and pepper. Top each serving with the burrata, basil, a drizzle of olive oil and a few grinds of pepper.nCooks Note: Burrata is fresh mozzarella thats filled with cream and curds, so it oozes when cut. If you cant find it, top your pasta with ricotta instead.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 pints cherry andor grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces mezzi rigatoni pasta, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 8ounce ball burrata cheese, cut into 4 pieces, 12 cup torn fresh basil], title: Rigatoni with Roasted Cherry Tomatoes and Burrata, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 37203: {instructions: In a large straight sided frying pan over mediumhigh heat, add olive oil. Add shallots and saute until soft 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd Champagne, lemon juice, and parsley to pan. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a bare simmer.nSlide fillets into liquid, cover and poach 3 to 4 minutes or until done. Transfer to plate set aside. DO NOT EMPTY PAN.nLadle 12 cup of poaching liquid into small pot over medium heat. Add cream and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and whisk in white sauce mix. Stirring constantly, simmer 1 minute. Return fish to poaching liquid just to heat through.nTransfer fish to serving plate, spoon over sauce and garnish with lemon and parsley.nFor the salad, mix together arugula, tomatoes, corn, and dressing. Garnish with Parmesan shavings., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 750ml bottle brut Champagne, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 sprigs fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 12 pounds salmon fillets, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon white sauce mix, Lemon slices, for garnish, 1 8ounce bag arugala, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 4ounce can corn, 12 cup, 3 tablespoons olive oil and vinegar dressing, Shaved Parmesan, for garnish], title: Poached Salmon with Champagne Sauce, picturelink: B7m5QnT8E7bG5blB6KMMKmF8jb5Xwa}, 37204: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Blend the milk and eggs in a blender until thoroughly mixed. Add the flour, vanilla, cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt and lemon zest and blend again until combined, scraping down the sides if necessary, about 15 seconds. Cover the blender jar and refrigerate while cooking the apples.nMelt the butter in a 10inch nonstick ovensafe skillet over medium heat. Add the apples and sprinkle them with the granulated sugar. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook the apples, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and softened, 20 to 25 minutes. Arrange the apples evenly in the skillet. Remix the batter to reincorporate the ingredients, then pour it over the apples.nBake the pancake until it is browned and set in the center and the sides have risen about 1 12 inches, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve directly from the skillet or use a large spatula to transfer the pancake to a plate. Dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 3 large eggs, 34 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 medium sweet, crisp apples, such as Honeycrisp about 1 pound, peeled, cored, quartered and cut into 12inch chunks, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: WholeGrain Caramel Apple Oven Pancake, picturelink: CilQdpsQJplBtcSkduptZFGnmRjxiK}, 37205: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large broilerproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the ham and season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion starts browning, about 2 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a simmer cook until the onion softens, about 3 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium low and stir in the pierogi and broccoli. Cover and cook until the pierogi are warm and the broccoli is tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the sour cream, chives and paprika in a small bowl set aside. Preheat the broiler.nUncover the skillet and sprinkle with the cheese. Transfer to the broiler and cook until the cheese is melted and the pierogi are slightly golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with the sour cream sauce.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 16ounce package frozen potatocheese pierogi, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon paprika, 34 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese about 3 ounces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 4 ounces delisliced ham, cut into thin strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pierogi with Ham and Broccoli, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 37206: {instructions: Clean cutlets and cut into cubes. Dredge them in flour, egg and flour, brown in frying pan with olive oil and butter. As they come out of pan let them rest on paper towels to absorb oil. When all the chicken has been browned, put all chicken back into the same pan without cleaning add garlic, Italian seasoning, marsala, chicken broth, mushrooms, and tomatoes. Cover and bring to a boil, then simmer, for at least 10 to 2 minutes, then add peas and cook until peas are cooked. Serve over bow tie pasta., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken cutlets, Flour, for dredging, Beaten egg, Olive oil, for pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 cup marsala, 1 can chicken broth, 1 small basket mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 plum tomatoes, 10 ounces fresh or frozen peas, Parsley, to garnish, 1 pound bow tie pasta, cooked], title: Chicken Over Bow Ties, picturelink: null}, 37207: {instructions: Shuck oysters. Combine the butter and garlic. Top each oyster with 1 tablespoon butter and 1 ounce of tasso, and sprinkle with Parmesan and pinch of Spice Mix. Grill over high heat until oysters curl and cheese melts.nSpice Mix:n1 teaspoon granulated garlicn1 teaspoon coarse ground black peppern1 teaspoon white peppernCombine ingredients., ingredients: [8 oysters, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 8 ounces finely diced tasso ham, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Spice Mix, recipe follows], title: Baked Tasso Butter Oysters, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 37208: {instructions: Remove all the rind from the Brie with a small sharp knife and your fingers. The rind can be bitter, so its best to be thorough. Beat the Brie on high speed in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until completely smooth, scraping down the side of the bowl and paddle as needed the cheese will be thick and sticky at this point. Beat in the honey and 34 teaspoon salt, stopping and scraping as needed. While still beating on high, slowly drizzle in the cream, and beat until the mixture is light and smooth, stopping and scraping as needed. The dip can be refrigerated for up to 2 hours.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl, sprinkle with some cracked peppercorns and serve with apple chips, celery sticks, walnutraisin andor pumpernickel bread.nRemove all the rind from the Brie with a small sharp knife and your fingers. The rind can be bitter, so its best to be thorough. Beat the Brie on high speed in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until completely smooth, scraping down the side of the bowl and paddle as needed the cheese will be thick and sticky at this point. Beat in the honey and 34 teaspoon salt, stopping and scraping as needed. While still beating on high, slowly drizzle in the cream, and beat until the mixture is light and smooth, stopping and scraping as needed. The dip can be refrigerated for up to 2 hours.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl, sprinkle with some cracked peppercorns and serve with apple chips, celery sticks, walnutraisin andor pumpernickel bread., ingredients: [One 7 to 8ounce round highquality Brie, preferably from France, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, Cracked pink, black and white peppercorns, Apple chips, celery sticks, walnutraisin andor pumpernickel bread, for serving, One 7 to 8ounce round highquality Brie, preferably from France, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, Cracked pink, black and white peppercorns, Apple chips, celery sticks, walnutraisin andor pumpernickel bread, for serving], title: HoneyPeppercorn Brie Dip, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 37209: {instructions: In a large bowl mix the butter and the other ingredients with a rubber spatula until evenly combined.nLay about a foot long section of plastic wrap on a work surface. Put the herb butter on the bottom center of the plastic wrap, and form into a mound about 8 inches long. Fold the bottom edge of the plastic wrap over the butter and roll the enclosed butter forward until completely wrapped, to form a tube of butter about 1 12 inches in diameter. Twist the ends together like a party favor. Refrigerate until firm or freeze for up to 1 month. Sliced as needed for corn on the cob, grilled steaks, or Chicken Kiev., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne], title: Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 37210: {instructions: Bring the salted water to a boil. Add the rice, cover and simmer over low heat for 12 to 15 minutes or until just done. Immediately drain the rice when tender, rinse under cold water to stop the cooking process and drain again. Pat dry and set aside until later.nIn the bottom of a mixing bowl stir together the olive oil, lime juice, cumin, salt and jalapeno peppers. Add the rice to the dressing along with corn, bell peppers and olives adjust the seasoning.nIn a separate mixing bowl combine the tomatoes with the shrimp and cilantro.nOn each dinner plate arrange a bed of lettuce. Center rice and corn salad over the top. Place the shrimp in the center and garnish with black olives., ingredients: [1 34 cups salted water, 1 cup long grain aromatic rice like Texmati, 12 cup olive oil, 4 to 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, Salt, 1 to 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely minced, 1 package 10 ouncesfrozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 small red, and yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 12 cup pimento stuffed green Spanish olives, chopped, 2 tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 12 large cooked shrimp, halved along the back, 12 cup packed cilantro, chopped, Mesclun lettuce, washed, 12 cup pitted jumbo ripe black olives, slivered], title: Latin Shrimp, Rice and Corn Salad, picturelink: null}, 37211: {instructions: Melt the chocolate chips with the coconut oil in a bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Alternatively, you can do this in 30second intervals in the microwave, stirring at each interval.nTo assemble the spiders: Using the tip of a paring knife, make 3 holes on each side of the truffles, big enough to inset a pretzel into. Break off the curved portions of the pretzels so you have shapes that look like the letter J. You should have 6 Jshaped pretzel pieces per truffle these will be the legs. The legs do not have to perfectly even, but try to get them close to the same size.nLine a plate with parchment paper. Dip the curved end of a pretzel piece into the melted chocolate and then insert into a hole in a truffle with the curve going down towards the bottom of the truffle repeat with 5 more pretzel pieces and the melted chocolate. Lay the spider on the prepared plate with the legs up. Repeat with the remaining truffles, melted chocolate and pretzels. Refrigerate or freeze until set, about 10 minutes.nFlip the spiders over so they are standing on their pretzel legs. Using the melted chocolate, make 2 dots on each truffle for eyes. Stick the desired candies on the melted chocolate. Serve the spiders arranged on a bed of cotton candy., ingredients: [12 cup chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon coconut oil or butter, 12 storebought chocolate truffles or chocolates, Thin pretzels, for the legs, Gold dragees or other round candies, for the eyes, Cotton candy, for serving], title: Truffle Spiders, picturelink: BdqyEFUldiQiOTLy6QXBc4LBzrjCrYS}, 37212: {instructions: Split the artichoke in half and scoop out the entire artichoke. Place the artichoke in a pot of boiling salted water. This will cook for about 20 minutes. Peel the potatoes and then with a cheese grater on a medium opening, grate the potatoes and let sit on a bowl of cold water. Dice 1 bunch of scallions and keep near potatoes. Shave 2 ears of corn and dice 4 pieces of bacon, keep this together in a small bowl. Take the 2 salmon fillets season with salt and pepper and place the skin side up in a hot skillet that has a teaspoon of cooking oil in it. Allow the salmon to cook for about 5 minutes before turning it over.nWhile the salmon is cooking, strain the potatoes of all possible liquid, return them to a large bowl then add the scallions and season with salt and pepper. Form this into 3inch diameter patties and cook in a hot saute pan with a teaspoon of olive oil. Do not turn the patties over until the edges are brown. These will take about 3 to 4 minutes to cook on each side. Remove the potato cakes, then add the corn and bacon and 1 tablespoon of butter and cook this over a medium heat until the bacon is done. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace the potato cakes on plates, place the salmon fillets on top, then garnish with the corn and bacon topping. Strain the artichoke halves. Place these into a hot saute pan with 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, and the juice of 1 lemon. Garnish the salmon plates with the artichoke halves. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 artichoke, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, 1 bunch scallions, 2 ears corn, 4 pieces bacon, 2 8ounce pieces salmon fillets, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Salmon, picturelink: null}, 37213: {instructions: Toast the fennel seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the skillet, until the seeds are fragrant and a shade darker, about 2 minutes. Add the sugar and 34 cup water and bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, to dissolve the sugar, and until the mixture is reduced by about 12, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and steep 10 minutes.nIn a blender or food processor and working in batches, puree the watermelon with the fennel syrup, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt, transferring the batches to a pitcher as blended. Stir well to combine. Serve the cooler in a glass over ice and garnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [1 teaspoon whole fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup water, 10 cups cubed seedless watermelon, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch kosher salt, Lemon wedges], title: FennelScented Watermelon Cooler, picturelink: null}, 37214: {instructions: For the filling: mix the sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg with apples and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the crust: mix the flour and salt with the shortening until crumbly. Add cold water and knead. Roll out 12 of the dough and place in an 8inch pie tin. Cut off extra dough from around the edges. Poke with fork to prevent air bubbles.nPlace the apple mixture in the aluminum on top of the dough. Roll out the other 12 of the dough and place on top of the apples. Pinch dough around the edges to seal it. Poke the top of the pie with a fork gently. Sprinkle with sugar. Bake in preheated oven for 50 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 6 tart apples, cored, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups shortening, About 14 cup cold water], title: Gramma Maggies Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 37215: {instructions: Scoop out pineapple flesh and freeze shells. Discard core. Blend flesh with 14 cup water. Pour into saucepan and cook over medium heat. Add lime juice and bring to boil. Boil for 2 minutes.nCombine gelatin and 1 tablespoon water. Dissolve this in pot with remaining water, over low heat. Add Kirsch and food coloring. Add to pineapple mixture and chill.nOnce cooled, beat in whipped cream. Chill again.nPlace two banana pieces in each pineapple shell. Sprinkle with almonds. Pour chilled mousse mixture over them. Place in refrigerator to set.nOnce mousse is set, preheat broiler and place rack 3 inches from heat. Beat egg white, gradually adding sugar until stiff. Place in piping bag and pipe decorative swirls on top of the mousse, covering it completely. Broil for 3 minutes. Remove and sprinkle with coconut. Broil again for another minute to toast., ingredients: [1 2 pound pineapple, halved, 38 cup plus 1 tablespoon cold water, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup Kirsch, 3 drops green food coloring, 14 cup heavy cream, whipped, 14ounce packet of gelatin, 1 banana, peeled and quartered lengthwise, 18 cup flaked almonds, 1 egg white, 12 cup sugar, 18 cup coconut flakes], title: Eleuthera, picturelink: null}, 37216: {instructions: Bring 2 cups of chicken stock, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter and bay leaf to a boil in a medium pot with tight fitting lid. Add rice, stir and cover, reduce heat and cook 18 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, in a large skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Add the chicken, season with salt and pepper and brown 6 to 7 minutes then remove to a plate and add remaining EVOO, turn heat back a bit. When the oil ripples, add red onions, garlic and mushrooms. Cook mushrooms until dark and tender, 6 to 7 minutes, then season with salt and pepper, curry and garam masala. Add the chicken back to the pan. Deglaze the skillet with Marsala then add 2 cups chicken stock, reduce heat and simmer a few minutes for flavors to combine.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a small pot over medium high heat. Add the peaches to the pan and season with ginger, salt and pepper. Cook peaches 34 minutes, add the vinegar and sugar and glaze the fruit then stir in the nuts, watermelon rind, cilantro and scallions and turn off heat.nFluff rice with fork. Serve chicken on a bed of rice with chutney on top to garnish. YUMO, ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, divided, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 1 12 cups long grain rice, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 12 pounds chicken breast cutlets, thinly sliced into 1814 inch strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red onion, quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, grated or thinly sliced, 3 portobello mushrooms, thinly sliced, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons curry powder, a couple of palmfuls, 2 teaspoons garam masala, 23 palmful, 14 to 13 cup Marsala wine, eyeball it, 2 peaches, chopped, 1 inch fresh ginger root, grated, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons light or dark brown sugar, 12 cup pickled watermelon rind, chopped, 12 cup chopped macadamia nuts, toasted, A handful fresh flat parsley or cilantro, chopped, 4 scallions, whites and greens, finely chopped], title: Chicken Marsala Masala with PeachWatermelon Rind Chutney, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 37217: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRub the ribs all over with the fivespice powder season generously with salt and pepper. Arrange the ribs in a single layer in a roasting pan and slowroast for 2 12 hours.nTo prepare the teriyaki glaze: Meanwhile, in a pot, combine the soy sauce, grapefruit juice, hoisin sauce, ketchup, rice wine vinegar, brown sugar, chile, garlic, and ginger over medium heat. Bring to a slow simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 20 minutes.nIn the last 30 minutes of cooking, baste the ribs with the teriyaki sauce. When they are done, the pork will pull away from the bone and you will see about 12inch of bone showing. Just before youre ready to eat, baste the ribs with the teriyaki sauce again and stick them under the broiler for 5 to 8 minutes to make the spareribs a nice crusty brown. Keep a close eye on these guys  ribs go from perfectly crisp to perfectly burnt seconds. Separate the ribs with a cleaver or sharp knife, pile them on a platter, and pour on the remaining sauce. Sprinkle with sesame seeds, chopped cilantro, and green onion before serving., ingredients: [2 racks pork spareribs, 4 pounds each, trimmed of excess fat, 12 cup Chinese fivespice powder, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves and green onion, for garnish, 1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup grapefruit juice, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 fresh red chile, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 2inch piece fresh ginger, whacked open with the flat side of a knife], title: Chinese Spareribs 5 with Teriyaki Glaze, picturelink: null}, 37218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt 3 tablespoons butter with 1 teaspoon truffle oil in an ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add 2 slices bread, and toast on both sides. Set the toast aside and reserve the skillet.nLay out one slice of untoasted bread. Top with onequarter each of the brie, figs and jack cheese, then a slice of toasted bread, then another layer of brie, figs and jack. Close with a slice of untoasted bread. Repeat to make another doubledecker sandwich.nMelt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter with the remaining 1 to 2 teaspoons truffle oil in the skillet over medium heat. Add the sandwiches and cook until golden on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden on the other side, about 2 more minutes, then transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until the cheese is melted, 6 to 8 minutes. Serve with the fig preserves.nPhotograph my Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 to 3 teaspoons truffle oil, 6 thin slices challah bread, 7 ounces brie cheese, sliced, rind removed, 4 fresh figs, sliced, 6 ounces monterey jack cheese, sliced, 12 cup fig preserves], title: DoubleDecker Truffled Grilled Cheese, picturelink: b9tLxn8nRnDxazSPQs6PQqKivPrqy.}, 37219: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nChocolate brownies: Center rack in oven. Butter a 9 or 10inch square baking dish or pan. Chop the chocolate into small pieces. Melt the chocolate and butter in a small bowl over a double boiler. Whisk the 2 ingredients together until they bind together. Set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, beat the eggs, salt, and sugar until thick and pale yellow. Add the chocolate butter mixture and mix until combined. Mix in the flour and cocoa powder just until incorporated. Add the pecans and mix into the batter. Pour batter into prepared baking dish, and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Cool completely.nLine 8 3inch ring molds with 1 12inch high plastic ribbon. Cut the brownies with a 2 34inch ring mold and slice horizontally into 14inch thin slices. Place 1 slice into each ring.nCaramel Coffee Cardamom Sabayon: In a small pot, caramelize 1 cup sugar. When the sugar has reached and amber color, add the crushed coffee beans and cardamom pods. Stir well to coat the beans and the pods.nDeglaze with milk and bring to a boil. Let the mixture infuse for 20 minutes and strain through a fine mesh sieve. Melt the drained gelatin sheets in the warm coffee milk.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk the heavy cream until medium peaks form. Reserve in the refrigerator until ready to use.nCombine the 6 tablespoons sugar and water in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil without stirring. Let the mixture boil to a softball stage or 240 degrees F. on a candy thermometer. Beat the egg whites with the salt and the cream of tartar until medium peaks form. When the syrup has reached the softball stage, add the syrup very slowly in a fine stream and continue to beat until the mixture is cool.nMake a large ice bath with water and ice. Place the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and egg yolks in a medium size bowl, and set over a simmering pot of water. Cook over medium heat, whisking until the eggs are light and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Put the bowl over the ice bath and let cool completely.nFold the Italian meringue into half of the coffee milk. Fold the sabayon into the other half of the coffee milk. Fold the 2 mixtures together and finally, fold in the whipped cream. Using a pastry bag with a plain tip, pipe the coffee sabayon mixture into the prepared brownie molds about 34 of the way full. Freeze and remove the rings.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHazelnut cookies: Bring 13 cup of water to a boil. Add the sugar and stir until completely dissolved. In a small bowl, mix the hazelnut flour, sugar syrup, and salt. Roll the mixture out until very thin, and place on a baking sheet. Bake until light golden brown, approximately 4 minutes. Remove from oven and cut out 3 inch round circles while still warm.nLiquid caramel: Melt the sugar and salt in a large pot and cook to a dark caramel. Bring the water to a boil and pour into the caramel to deglaze. Remove from heat and set aside.nPhyllo tops: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace 9 3inch ring molds on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Lay a sheet of phyllo dough on a flat surface. Brush the sheet with melted butter and sprinkle some confectioners sugar on top. Add a second layer of phyllo and brush with melted butter. Cut out as many circles as possible from each sheet with a 5inch round cutter and crumple the phyllo into a dome shape in the 3inch molds. Dust the phyllo tops with confectioners sugar. Place in the oven to quickly caramelize the tops. This will happen very quickly. Remove from the oven and let cool.nCoffee gelle: Combine water, sugar, star anise, vanilla bean, and pod in a medium size pot, and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, add crushed coffee beans, and let infuse for 10 minutes. Strain the liquid and whisk in the drained gelatin sheets. Pour into small dome shaped flexible mold and freeze until set.nTo serve: An hour before serving, defrost the sabayon brownies in the refrigerator. Place a small dot of liquid caramel on the center of each plate. Place a hazelnut cookie on top of the caramel and put a sabayon brownie on top. Scoop out some of the sabayon center and pour in the liquid caramel. Sprinkle the caramel with some fleur de sel. Dust the phyllo tops with confectioners sugar and place on top of the coffee sabayon brownie. Place a coffee gelee to the side of the dessert and drizzle some of the liquid caramel around the dessert., ingredients: [6 ounces chocolate, 12 cup butter, 3 eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 14 cups flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 cup pecans, finely chopped, 1 cup sugar, plus 6 tablespoons, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 cup coffee beans, crushed, 1 teaspoon cardamom pods, 14 cup milk, 5 gelatin sheets, soaked in cold water, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 ounce water, 2 egg whites, Pinch salt, Pinch cream of tartar, 12 cup egg yolks, 13 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 cups toasted hazelnut flour, Pinch fleur de sel, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel, 14 cup water, Phyllo dough, Clarified, melted butter, Confectioners sugar, 1 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, 12 cup coffee beans, roughly chopped, 1 star anise, 1 12 gelatin sheet 1 teaspoon gelatin powder, soaked in cold water], title: Cardamom and Espresso Brownie Cake with Crispy Phyllo and Salted Caramel Filling, picturelink: null}, 37220: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and toss in the garlic cloves. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Cook the garlic until it becomes golden brown and is very aromatic. Remove the garlic and discard. Raise heat to high.nSprinkle the veal scallops with salt. Just before placing the veal scallops in the pan with the hot oil, dredge them in flour. Working in batches, flour the veal that is going directly in the pan do not flour ahead. When the veal has browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side, remove to a platter and keep warm in the oven.nWhen all the veal has been browned, ditch the oil in the pan. Add the wine and capers and reduce by half. Add in the chicken stock, season with salt, and cook until it has slightly thickened. Swirl in the butter. When the butter has melted and is bubbly, add in the lemon juice. Taste to make sure it is delicious, add the parsley, and spoon over the veal., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 8 bottom or top round veal scallops, flattened gently with a meat mallet, Kosher salt, 1 cup flour, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup capers, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 stick butter, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley], title: Veal Piccata, picturelink: null}, 37221: {instructions: In a measuring cup, whisk together vinegar, garlic, salt, oregano, pimenton, and pepper to taste. Add olive oil and whisk until blended. Place chicken in a large resealable plastic bag and pour in the vinegar mixture. Seal bag, then shake gently to coat chicken with marinade. Let chicken marinate at room temperature for 2 hours or refrigerate overnight.nPrepare a fire in a barbecue and let coals burn down until covered with gray ash. Remove chicken from bag with tongs, shaking off excess marinade, and place skinsides down on grill. Cook, turning as needed, until skin is crispy and meat near bone is no longer pink cut with a knife to test, about 35 minutes. During last 10 minutes of barbecuing, add chorizo to grill and cook, turning until skin crackles and sausages are hot throughout, about 10 minutes. Cut sausages into portions to serve if necessary.nBring the water and salt to boil in a medium saucepan. When water is boiling, stir in pinch saffron. Add the rice, reduce heat, cover, and simmer until rice is just tender about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, blend vinegar and mustard with a fork. Pour in olive oil in a thin stream, whisking with fork to emulsify. Stir in the peas, bell peppers, parsley, and oregano. When rice is cooked, add it to the bowl and stir well to distribute dressing and ingredients. Let rice cool to room temperature and serve. Or refrigerate up to 1 day, then serve., ingredients: [14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, pressed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon pimenton, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 4 chicken thighs, 4 chicken legs, 1 pound Spanishstyle chorizo sausages, Paella Rice Salad, recipe follows, 3 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Large pinch saffron threads, 1 12 cups arborio rice or shortgrain white rice, 12 cup sherry wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh or frozen peas, cooked and cooled, 2 red bell peppers, diced, 12 cup packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon dried oregano], title: Grilled Chicken and Chorizo with SpanishStyle Marinade, picturelink: null}, 37222: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Toss together in a large mixing bowl oats, flour, brown sugar, walnuts, cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon peel and salt until well blended.nSPRINKLE mixture with lemon juice, then with a pastry blender or two knives, cut in the butter pieces until mixture is crumbly.nSPRAY 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. Reserve 2 cups of the oat mixture, then sprinkle remainder in pan, pressing with fingers to form a crustnBAKE 10 minutes, or until set. Let cool slightly, then spread blackberry jam evenly over crust. Sprinkle evenly with reserved oat mixture, pressing down gently.nRETURN to oven bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.nTo toast nuts: Place walnuts in dry nonstick skillet cook over medium heat, shaking pan until nuts are lightly browned., ingredients: [2 cups oats, either quick or oldfashioned uncooked, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, firmly packed, 1 cup lightly toasted walnuts, chopped, 1 12 tsps. ground cinnamon, 14 tsp. grated nutmeg, 1 tsp. grated lemon peel, 12 tsp. salt, 2 tbsps. fresh lemon juice, 1 cup butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Seedless Blackberry Jam, Powdered sugar, if desired], title: Blue Ridge Blackberry Lemon Bars, picturelink: HWON1OV1IBkMQkV2vl5mLBzsweR0D7q}, 37223: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 sheets of cello papernHalf freeze the fresh salmon, so it can be cut easily. Cut thinly the fresh salmon in very small cubes, add salt, pepper, then the chopped shallot, the chive and the mayonnaise. Mix together.nPut 4 sheets of cello paper on your table, put on top the slices of smoked salmon, and then the fresh salmon tartar. Then you close the plastic wrap and you twist it to make a little balluchon. Then you take away the plastic wrap. To make the sauce: Crush the raspberries with the salt, the pepper and the hot sauce, add the vinegar and mix thoroughly. Add the olive oil and the cream. Place a cucumber rose on a plate, and place the balluchon on top. Make the balluchon shiny by pouring a little bit of olive oil on it. Put the sauce all around it and decorate with fresh raspberries and caviar., ingredients: [9 ounces 250 grams fresh salmon, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 bunch chives, thinly sliced, 2 ounces mayonnaise, 4 slices smoked salmon, 5 fresh raspberries, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot pepper sauce, 2 ounces raspberry vinegar, 4 ounces 100 grams olive oil, 4 ounces light cream, 1 cucumber, thinly sliced and formed into roses, Salmon caviar], title: Fresh Smoked Salmon Tartar with Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 37224: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine corn, pimento, green chiles, and cumin. Mix well and season to taste with salt and black pepper. Garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 cups frozen or canned corn, thawed andor drained, 4 ounces canned pimento, diced, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: CornPimento Salad, picturelink: null}, 37225: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the Cookie Dough: Cream the butter in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a handheld beater until soft and fluffy. Add both sugars and mix. Add the vanilla and 1 egg and mix. Add the remaining egg and mix. Add the flour, baking soda, and salt and mix. Add the chips and mix just until just combined.nUsing your hands, roll the dough into a long thin rope then cut into small bits. Refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the Ice Cream Base: In a saucepan over medium heat, heat the halfandhalf, cream, and vanilla, whisking occasionally, to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat and let the flavors infuse for 10 minutes. Whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the eggcream mixture back into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture.nHeat over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F., the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees F, it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you dont have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nMeanwhile, put 2 handfuls of ice cubes in the bottom of a bowl, and add cold water to cover. Rest a smaller bowl in the ice water. Pour the cream mixture through a fine sieve to remove the vanilla bean pieces and cinnamon sticks into the smaller bowl. Chill for 3 hours.nFreeze the cream mixture in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Meanwhile, put a bowl in the freezer. When the ice cream is frozen, remove the bowl from the freezer, and transfer the ice cream to it. Fold in the chocolate chip cookie dough you may not need all of it. Pack the ice cream into sealable containers and return to the freezer. Make cookies: bake any leftover dough in a preheated 350 degree F. oven for about 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chocolate chips, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar], title: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 37226: {instructions: Special equipment: a metal steamer basketnFill a large pot with 2 inches of water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Arrange the carrots, asparagus, cauliflower and broccoli in a metal steamer basket place in the pot and cover. Steam the vegetables until slightly tender but still with a little crunch, 5 to 6 minutes.nWhile the veggies are steaming, heat a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the sesamechile oil, olive oil, garlic and pepper flakes, and cook for 1 minute.nTransfer the steamed vegetables to a bowl. Add the sesamechili oil mixture and the lemon juice, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss to coat the vegetables evenly. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 carrots, peeled and cut on the bias into 12inch pieces, 8 spears asparagus, cut into 2inch pieces, 14 head cauliflower, cut into 1inch florets, 14 head broccoli, cut into 1inch florets, 1 tablespoon sesamechile oil, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Vegetables with SesameChile Oil, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 37227: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the nochurn vanilla ice cream: Add the sweetened condensed milk and mascarpone to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a handheld electric mixer and whip until smooth and combined. Add the heavy cream, vanilla and salt. Whip until stiff peaks form. Spoon the ice cream into a freezersafe container and freeze 6 hours or overnight.nFor the crust: Combine the flour, cornmeal and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and use your fingers to break the butter into the flour until the mixture has butter chunks the size of small peas. Add 3 tablespoons cold water and mix with a wooden spoon, drizzling in more water as needed no more than 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough just comes together a few dry spots are okay. Gently knead the dough on a lightly floured surface until no dry spots remain, about 1 minute. Cover the dough and place it in the fridge while you prepare the filling, at least 15 minutes the dough keeps, covered, refrigerated, for up to 1 week.nFor the filling: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. In a bowl, toss together the berries, brown sugar, flour, lemon juice and vanilla bean seeds.nFlour the work surface and roll the dough to about 18inch thick. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Spoon the berries over the dough leaving a 3inch border around the edges. Pour any remaining juices left in the bowl over the fruit. Fold the edges of the dough over the filling. Brush the crust with the beaten egg and sprinkle the coarse sugar over the dough.nPlace the galette in the fridge for 30 minutes, or until ready to bake, no longer than 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the galette until the crust is golden and the fruit is soft and caramelized, 40 to 45 minutes. Allow to cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature with a large scoops of ice cream and a drizzle of honey., ingredients: [1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch flaky sea salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 12 cup finelyground cornmeal, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 cups mixed berries, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Seeds from 12 vanilla bean, 1 egg, beaten, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling, Honey, for serving], title: Triple Berry Galette with NoChurn Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: 874g2v6b0dK3nTJSNbARmGMN9hrHLH.}, 37228: {instructions: Clean mushrooms. Place mushrooms in a small bowl and mix with 14 cup marinade. Marinate at least 1 hour and up to 4 in a sealable bag.nIf desired, shell shrimp. In a large heavyduty sealable plastic bag combine shrimp with 34 cup marinade and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate shrimp, chilled, for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Soak skewers in warm water 30 minutes. Prepare grill.nDrain shrimp, discarding marinade. In a sieve set over a bowl drain mushrooms and reserved mushroom marinade for basting. Thread 3 shrimp and 2 mushrooms, alternating shrimp with mushrooms, and keeping the mushrooms flat onto skewers. Kebabs may be assembled 1 hour ahead and chilled, covered.nGrill kebabs on a lightly oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, basting with reserved marinade and turning them occasionally, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Alternatively, broil kebabs under a preheated broiler 2 to 3 inches from heat about 2 12 minutes on each side. Drizzle kebabs with remaining 14 cup marinade.nMince together garlic, thyme sprigs, and rosemary with salt and mash to a coarse paste.nIn a bowl whisk together garlic paste and remaining ingredients until emulsified. Marinade may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nYield: makes about 2 12 cups, ingredients: [14 cups HerbGarlic Marinade, plus 34 cup, plus 14 cup recipe follows, 16 shiitake mushrooms, trimmed, 24 jumbo shrimp about 1 12 pounds, 8 10inch wooden skewers, 6 large garlic cloves, 13 cup packed tender fresh thyme sprigs, 14 cup packed fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 cups olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp and Shiitake Kebabs, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 37229: {instructions: In a large soup pot, heat the oil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh, add the carrot, celery and onion and saute for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for another 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd the cabbage to the pot and cook, covered, stirring regularly to prevent burning, until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the kielbasa and mustard and then add the chicken broth. Bring to a simmer and cook until the carrots are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a bowl, mix together the butter and flour to form a buerre manier. Whisk the buerre manier into the soup and simmer for 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 2 cups diced carrot, 2 cups diced celery, 2 cups diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 1 pound Polish kielbasa, diced, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 3 quarts chicken broth, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 ounces allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and black pepper], title: Smoked Sausage and Cabbage Soup, picturelink: AiO5HIUGOm2hXt036yywuBjTAd.ex1m}, 37230: {instructions: Heat butter or oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add peppers, steak, and seasonings and cook for about 5 minutes, or until peppers are tender. Turn heat off and top the hot steak and peppers with the cheese and let melt. Meanwhile, divide salad mix evenly between 2 bowls. Divide the hot mixture evenly over the bowls of salad, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter or canola oil, 1 cup fresh or frozen sliced red and green bell peppers, 12 ounces any leftover cooked steak, shredded, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and pepper, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese may use any cheese you like, 10 ounces salad mix salad in a bag or shredded iceberg or romaine], title: Easy Philly Steak Salad, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 37231: {instructions: Set an inverted baking sheet on a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Invert another baking sheet and place a piece of parchment on top and set aside.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the garlic and crushed red pepper flakes, and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and reduce until the alcohol smell is no longer present and the sauce is golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nDust the parchment paper on top of the inverted baking sheet with flour. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out and stretch the dough into a 12inch circle then place it on the paper. Scatter the shrimp evenly over the dough leaving a 12 inch border all around. Spoon the butter sauce over the shrimp, and use a pastry brush to spread the sauce to the edges. Finish by sprinkling the mozzarella cheese over the top, staying within the border.nPlace the sheet pan with the pizza on top of the preheated inverted baking sheet and bake until the dough is crisp and the shrimp are cooked through, 12 to 14 minutes. Sprinkle the pizza with the parsley and freshly grated Parmesan, slice into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 13 cup dry white wine, Finely grated zest of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 12 pound medium peeled and deveined shrimp with tails removed, halved lengthwise, 3 ounces wholemilk mozzarella cheese, shredded, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, roughly chopped, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Shrimp Scampi Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37232: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a mandolinenPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a 10by10by2inch casserole, arrange some of the potatoes in an even layer, drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the cream and season with salt and pepper. Repeat with the remaining potatoes, cream and salt and pepper to form 11 layers. Press down on the layers to totally submerge them in the cream.nCover and bake for 30 minutes remove the cover and continue baking until the cream has been absorbed, the potatoes are cooked through and the top is browned, 30 to 45 minutes longer. Evenly distribute the Caramelized Shallots and Fried Sage Leaves over the top.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and sugar and slowly cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and caramelized, about 40 minutes season with salt and pepper.nHeat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat until it begins to simmer. Add the sage leaves in batches and fry for a few seconds until crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt.nCover and refrigerate the flavored oil to save for sauteing fish, chicken or pork chops., ingredients: [4 medium Idaho potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced 18inchthick on a mandoline, soaked in cold water, drained well and patted dry, 2 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Caramelized Shallots, recipe follows, Fried Sage Leaves, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 9 large shallots, sliced into 14inchthick slices, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 10 fresh sage leaves, Kosher salt], title: ElevenLayer Potato Gratin, picturelink: d4QfX8a4RYQINDjfqvLDGEAs.UhD09e}, 37233: {instructions: Make the marinade: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients. Add the steak, coating it completely, and let it marinate, covered and chilled, turning it occasionally, for at least 2 hours or overnight. NOTE: Can be done aheadnMake green peppercorn butter: In a food processor fitted with the metal blade blend all the peppercornbutter ingredients until combined well. Transfer the butter to a bowl and chill it, covered, for at least 1 hour or overnight. NOTE: Can be done aheadnDrain the meat, pat it dry, and press the crushed black peppercorns into it. Let the meat stand for 30 minutes, season it with salt, and grill it over glowing coals for 8 to 10 minutes on each side for rare meat. Transfer the meat to a cutting board, brush it with some of the green peppercorn butter, and let it stand for 15 minutes. Cut the London broil into thin slices across the grain at a 45degree angle and dot the slices with more of the butter, ingredients: [1 12 cups dry red wine, 1 cup olive oil, 2 scallions, minced, 5 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon black peppercorns, crushed, 34 teaspoon dry mustard, 34 teaspoon dried thyme, 9 parsley sprigs, 2 bay leaves, One 5 12 to 6pound top round steak, about 2 inches thick, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon drained green peppercorns packed in water available at specialtyfood stores, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, or to taste, Worcestershire sauce to taste, 1 12 tablespoons black peppercorns, crushed, Salt], title: London Broil with Green Peppercorn Butter, picturelink: null}, 37234: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving with grilled vegetables., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground sumac, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, Salt and pepper], title: SumacGarlic Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 37235: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4 or 5inch biscuit cutter see Cooks NotenPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine 2 cups of the flour with the baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the shortening and 3 tablespoons of the butter until the mixture is the size of small peas.nAdd the buttermilk, and stir until the dough is just mixed and starts to form a ball.nRest the dough in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes.nSprinkle a work surface with flour. Transfer the dough to the floured surface, and sprinkle with a little extra flour. Knead the dough 3 to 4 times. Do not overwork the dough. It will make the dough tough and difficult to work with.nFlatten the dough into a 34 to 1inchthick disk with a rolling pin. Cut out biscuits with a large 4 or 5inch biscuit cutter.nBake the biscuits until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Brush the hot biscuits with the butter. Turn on the broiler. Broil the biscuits until desired brownness., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 5 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup buttermilk], title: Cathead Biscuits, picturelink: .Ot5cBzQdiDeqLbUuIVRo6uQoQOYBJ.}, 37236: {instructions: For the brownie: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the butter to the cocoa powder and granulated sugar and mix until combined. Slowly add the egg. Add the flour and cinnamon and mix until a uniform consistency is achieved. Place the fig pieces and walnuts in the bottom of a silicone mold. Place the mixture on top of the figs and walnuts, filling up the cavity twothirds of the way. Bake until the brownie is set, about 30 minutes.nFor the caramel: Place the sugar, corn syrup and 2 ounces water in a large pot over high heat. Do not stir. Once a golden color is achieved, whisk in the heavy cream. Stir in butter. Cool. Once cooled, stir in strawberry candy. Scoop into spheres and reserve until assembly.nFor the goat cheese icing: Put the butter and powdered sugar in a mixing bowl with a paddle attachment and mix until a uniform consistency is achieved. Add the goat cheese and cream cheese and mix until smooth.nTo assemble: Place a caramel sphere on top of a brownie. Put the goat cheese icing into a piping bag with a star tip. Pipe the goat cheese icing on top of the brownie, completely covering the caramel., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, melted, .6 ounces cocoa powder, 3.7 ounces granulated sugar, 1 egg, 1.25 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 ounces dried figs, diced, 2 ounces walnuts, toasted, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 ounce corn syrup, 2.5 ounces heavy cream, .5 ounces butter, 4 packages strawberry popping candy, such as Pop Rocks, 2 ounces butter, softened, 1 ounce powdered sugar, sifted, 2.75 ounces goat cheese chevre, 1.5 ounces cream cheese], title: Fig and Walnut Brownie with Strawberry Pop Rock Caramel and Goat Cheese Icing, picturelink: null}, 37237: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Place chicken bones in single layer in one or two roasting pans. Place in oven and roast 40 to 60 minutes until well browned. Remove from oven and place bones in large stockpot. Add onion, celery, carrots and garlic to one roasting pan. Stir to coat with chicken juices, and return to oven. Roast 20 minutes until beginning to caramelize. Stir in tomato paste and roast another 15 minutes. Remove from oven and remove vegetables to stockpot. Add wine to roasting pan and scrape up browned bits. placing over a burner if necessary to loosen caramelized bits. Pour into stockpot. If you used 2 roasting pans for the bones, pour a little water or wine into the second one and scrape up caramelized juices add to stockpot. Add herbs and peppercorns to stockpot, along with the contents of your stock bag, if using, then add enough cold water to generously cover the contents by 3 inches or so. Bring to a simmer over high heat then skim foam, reduce heat to very low, and simmer very gently 4 to 6 hours until all cartilage has melted off the bones. Strain through a coarse strainer into a large metal bowl, cool at room temperature 2 hours, then place in fridge uncovered until chilled thoroughly, then cover. Will keep for 2 days until made into soup or reduced and frozen as above to have on hand. Strain through fine mesh strainer before using or freezing.nIMPROVISED SOUPSnBasic formula for enough soup for 2 people generous portions: 4 cups white or brown chicken stock, thawed chicken meat from making the white stock if you have it, shredded 12 cups of any vegetables, herbs and spices you may have around the house that are quickcooking, or alreadycooked ingredients such as leftover rice or beans., ingredients: [6 pounds assorted chicken bones, ideally a mixture of backs, necks, wings and legs, 3 medium onions, peeled and halved horizontally, 3 stalks celery, cut into chunks, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 head garlic, cut in half horizontally, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry white or red wine, Several sprigs of parsley, Several sprigs of thyme, 2 bay leaves, 10 peppercorns, Contents of your stock bag, optional, explained above.], title: Brown Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 37238: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Pulse the cookies, crystallized ginger and brown sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter and pulse to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom and up the side of a 9inch pie plate. Bake until set and slightly dry around the edge, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool.nMake the filling: Whisk the pumpkin puree, coconut milk, granulated sugar, eggs, vanilla, ground ginger and salt in a medium bowl until smooth. Pour into the cooled crust. Bake until the filling is set and no longer looks wet, 1 hour 15 minutes. Transfer to the rack and let cool completely, at least 2 hours.nMake the topping: Beat the heavy cream, brown sugar and pie spice in a bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, 3 minutes. Spread on the pie sprinkle with more pie spice.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [6 ounces gingersnap cookies about 23 cookies, 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, plus more for topping], title: GingerCoconut Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: U7TByj2yQrTVIdX4l1q.F6psqwBbH1O}, 37239: {instructions: For the caramelized sugar syrup: Place the sugar in a mediumsize heavy skillet not iron, set over moderately low heat, and allow to melt and caramelize to a rich golden brown. Do not stir the sugar as it melts but do shake the skillet from time to time. Add the boiling water, stirring briskly to dissolve the caramelized sugar. Simmer uncovered 8 to 10 minutes until the consistency of maple syrup. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the caramelized syrup for the flan pour the balance into a chilled, wellbuttered, shallow fluted 2quart mold. Set the mold in the freezer while preparing the flan.nFor the flan: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the halfandhalf, heavy cream, and sugar in a large heavy saucepan add in the orange zest and bring to a simmer over moderately low heat, stirring now and then blend in the 2 tablespoons of reserved caramelized syrup. Beat the egg yolks until frothy blend 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the yolks, stir back into pan, and heat, stirring constantly for 1 minute, until it lightly coats the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and mix in the Port. Strain all through a fine sieve, then pour into the prepared mold. Set the mold in a shallow baking pan and pour in enough hot water to come halfway up the mold. Bake uncovered for 1 12 hours, or until a toothpick inserted near the center of the flan comes out clean. Remove from the oven and the water bath cool for 1 hour, then refrigerate for 4 to 5 hours until firm.nTo invert the flan, dip the mold quickly in hot water, then turn out on a dessert plate with a turned up rim the caramel syrup will come cascading down over the flan. Dont worry if the flan cracks, it will still be creamy and luscious. Cut into slim wedges, if possible, or scoop out, and serve.nSpecial Equipment: Portuguese flan mold or souffle dish., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup boiling water, 2 cups halfandhalf cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 4 strips orange zest, each about 2inches long and 12inch wide, pith removed, 2 tablespoons caramelized sugar syrup, 12 jumbo egg yolks, 14 cup tawny Port], title: Caramelized Flan from Pinhao, picturelink: null}, 37240: {instructions: In a 2 to 3 gallon stock pot, over mediumhigh heat, add the water, salt, bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemongrass and onion. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Once the vegetables have softened slightly, add the ginger, fruits, and tea. Allow the flavors to blend for 10 minutes, then add the bagged clams. Cook until the clams have opened about 10 to 14 minutes. Remove the clam bags from the water, and put them into a colander. Open the bags, drain and serve., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 1 tablespoon sea or kosher salt, 3 bay leaves, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch semicircles, 2 celery ribs, cut into 12inch lengths, 4 stalks lemongrass, bottom white part only, roughly chopped, 1 large onion, quartered and halved, 1 2inch piece ginger, grated, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 lime, quartered, 1 orange, quartered, 6 individual bags Lapsang Souchong tea or 2 ounces whole leaves, 4 pounds fresh clams in bags, recommended: littleneck or cherrystone], title: Lapsang Souchong Tea Steamed Clams, picturelink: null}, 37241: {instructions: Slow Cooker Method:nCombine all ingredients, except cilantro, in a 4quart slow cooker and stir well. Cover and cook on LOW setting for 3 to 4 hours, stirring occasionally.nServe hot garnished with cilantro and tortilla chips alongside. Also tastes great over baked potatoes.nStove Top Method:nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, add salsa and tequila. Let simmer for 5 minutes. Add cheese and stir until melted. Pour mixture into serving bowl and garnish with chopped cilantro. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 cup chunky salsa, 12 cup tequila, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese, 2 cups Monterey jack cheese, 4 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Queso con Tequila, picturelink: aumgKtWiotOJPb.VVoEj5SL.CYJnK2}, 37242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13 by 2inch metal baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Line the bottom and sides of the pan with parchment paper. Spray the parchment paper with vegetable oil cooking spray and set aside.nFilling: In a small bowl, mix together the jam and the apricots. Set aside.nCrust: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, cinnamon, salt and baking soda. Stir in the oats and walnuts. Add the butter, egg and vanilla and stir until incorporated.nUsing a fork or clean fingers, lightly press half of the crust mixture onto the bottom of the prepared pan. Using a spatula, spread the filling over the crust leaving a 12inch border around the edge of the pan. Cover the filling with the remaining crust mixture and gently press to flatten. Bake until light golden, about 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 1 hour. Cut into bars and store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 13ounce jar apricot jam or preserves about 1 14 cups, 8 dried apricots, chopped into 14inch pieces about 13 cup, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 packed cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 34 cups oldfashioned oats, 1 cup 4 ounces coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 1 egg, at room temperature, beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Apricot Oat Bars, picturelink: F4XNpn6UJ4WXrOtDbufVAJZ.UKkZmLi}, 37243: {instructions: Toss everything together in a bowl and add salt and pepper to taste. Let salad sit for about an hour before serving., ingredients: [2 cups hydrated bulgur wheat, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup tomato, peeled, cored and diced, 14 cup chopped green coriander, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 4 ounces virgin olive oil, 4 ounces fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Tabouleh Salad, picturelink: null}, 37244: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pan, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onions and cook for 2 minutes. Add the cremini, white mushrooms and shiitakes and cook until most of the liquid has reduced, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat. Deglaze with the wine. Add the chicken stock, turmeric and salt and pepper and stir. Bring to a simmer and simmer with the lid on until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhen its done, sprinkle over some chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, roughly chopped, 1 pound white mushrooms, roughly chopped, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, roughly chopped, 2 cups longgrain rice, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 14 teaspoon turmeric, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Mushroom Pilaf, picturelink: KN9LXHxPHpTOTTcDZyV72jCLQ73ofy}, 37245: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make crust, mix graham crackers, sugar, 1 tablespoon of hazelnut creamer and butter until combined. Press into a 9 to 10inch springform pan or cake pan making sure to press mixture up the sides and bottom as well, set aside.nFor filling, in a large bowl mix in order cream cheese, brown sugar, eggs 1 by 1 and pumpkin puree. In a small cup stir remaining 2 tablespoons of hazelnut creamer, allspice and salt into heavy cream. Pour heavy cream mixture into pumpkin mixture and blend until combined. Pour into crust and bake for 35 minutes or until the center sets. Allow to cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons hazelnut creamer, divided, 12 cup butter, melted, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 34 cup light brown sugar, 3 eggs, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Hazelnut Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 37246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a mixing glass, muddle the cucumbers and jalapeno. Add the sake, lime juice and syrup. Add ice ,shake well and serve up in a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a slice of cucumber., ingredients: [3 slices cucumber, plus more for garnish, 12 slice jalapeno, 2 ounces sake, such as junmai ginjo sake, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 12 ounce maple or plum syrup, Ice], title: Tokyo Lights, picturelink: MqhPsHagIZ4k441bgZVEaKS7DMU7aRO}, 37247: {instructions: Toss 2 sliced portobello mushroom caps gills scraped out, 2 chopped peeled sweet potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 quartered shallots, 2 smashed garlic cloves and 2 teaspoons fresh thyme season with salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and roast at 400 degrees F, stirring once or twice, until browned, 30 minutes. Toss with 2 tablespoons parsley and more olive oil.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Fall Vegetables, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 37248: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl until well combined. Serve with your favorite chips., ingredients: [4 cups cherries, stemmed, pitted, and chopped, 8 green onions, chopped, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped], title: Cherry Salsa, picturelink: null}, 37249: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the rub: Put the anchovies, oil, oregano, parsley, sage, thyme, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a food processor, and buzz until combined into a puree.nFor the pork: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nUse your paring knife, and make crosshatch slits straight down into the pork shoulder fat cap. Rub the anchovy herb rub over the pork shoulder getting it in each slit. Place the garlic cloves into the slits. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place in the oven until fully cooked and tender, 5 hours.nRemove from the oven and let it rest for 10 minutes, and then thinly slice. Save some pork fat from the rendering process to toast your bread.nFor the aioli: Combine the mayonnaise, olives, parsley, capers, lemon zest, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a bowl, and mix well.nFor the sandwich build: On the toasted ciabatta, spread some aioli and place the thinly sliced pork shoulder on top. Garnish with pequillo peppers, then eat that bad boy like hes going outastyle, ingredients: [12 cup anchovies, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and pepper, One 5 to 6pound pork shoulder, fat cap on, bone in, 8 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup kalamata olives, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 lemon, zested, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and pepper, 4 rosemary ciabatta rolls, sliced and broiled with rendered pork fat, 1 cup jarred pequillo peppers], title: Roasted Porketta On Ciabatta with Gremayolata Aioli and Pequillo Peppers, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 37250: {instructions: Bring 3 12 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and stir in the oats. Cook, stirring frequently, until the oats are creamy and tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, cover and rest until the oatmeal thickens slightly, about 2 minutes.nWhisk together the yogurt, 1 tablespoon of the maple syrup and the matcha in a small bowl until smooth and creamy. Set aside.nTransfer the oatmeal to four serving bowls, and top each with 14 cup of the matcha yogurt. Scatter the chopped pistachios over the oatmeal and drizzle with the remaining maple syrup. Top each serving with some apples and sprinkle with matcha to serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 1 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon matcha green tea powder, plus more for sprinkling, 4 tablespoons dry roasted, unsalted pistachios, finely chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, sliced into matchsticks], title: Healthy Oatmeal with Matcha Yogurt, Pistachios and Apples, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 37251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cola reduction: First, pour the cola into a medium saucepot and bring to boil over high heat. Once boiling, reduce the heat to a simmer and reduce the cola down until onequarter of the liquid remains, about 30 minutes. Chill to room temperature.nFor the ice cream: While the cola is reducing on the stove, take the milk and sugar and bring to a simmer in medium saucepan to dissolve the sugar. Once the milk is warm, combine with the heavy cream and whiskey this is your ice cream base. Pour the base into an ice cream machine and blend until a thick consistency is reached. Place in a freezable container and freeze for additional hour to firm the ice cream.nFor the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. While the ice cream is finishing, place the yolks in a medium mixing bowl. Add the sugar to the yolks and beat until fully incorporated. Slowly pour the cream into the egg mixture, stirring constantly, and when all the cream is mixed together add half of your cola reduction, saving the other half for garnishing. Cut the bread into bitesize pieces and evenly distribute in a 9 by 12inch nonstick pan. Pour the cream mixture over the bread and press down so that the bread absorbs the cream. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, uncover and bake for additional 15 minutes. The pudding should have firm consistency and slight browning on top. Remove from the oven.nWhile the bread pudding is still warm to the touch, cut out circles with a round cookie cutter and place in serving bowls. Scoop one spoonful of ice cream on top of the bread pudding and garnish by drizzling cola reduction on top., ingredients: [2 liters cola, 2 cups milk, 1 cup sugar, 4 cups heavy cream, 34 cup whiskey, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 3 cups heavy cream, 6 cups chopped bread], title: Jack and Cola Bread Pudding with Whiskey Ice Cream, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 37252: {}, 37253: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line sheet pans with parchment. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler.nBeat the egg whites in a standing mixer to soft peaks. Gradually add the sugar and beat on high speed to stiff peaks. Mix in the vanilla. Turn the mixer down and slowly incorporate the melted chocolate.nPour chocolate mixture in a large bowl. Fold in the coconut. Use a 4ounce ice cream scoop to portion onto the sheet pans.nBake for about 25 minutes. Do not to overbake them, ingredients: [1 pound 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 9 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 9 egg whites, 2 14 cups superfine sugar, 1 12 tablespoons vanilla, 12 cups coconut], title: Chocolate Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 37254: {instructions: Marinate sturgeon in olive oil, coriander, shallots and dill for 8 hours, refrigerated. Soak tea and applewood chips in water for 2 hours.nIn a stove top smoker place soaked tea and apple chips in bottom of pan and put over medium heat on stove. Drain of any excess oil and place sturgeon on rack and cover. Let smoke on stovetop until fish begins to flake, about 12 minutes. Remove from pan and garnish with onions, capers, and chopped eggs. Drizzle with creme fraiche and serve., ingredients: [6 6ounce portions fresh sturgeon, 4 ounces olive oil, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 shallots minced, 2 ounces chopped dill, 4 ounces black Russian tea, 4 ounces apple wood chips, 1 red onion minced, 3 ounces capers, 2 hard boiled eggs minced, 6 ounces creme fraiche], title: Tea Smoked Sturgeon, picturelink: BsxG9z2XNunndD6UJ3XLaSrDF1jHgTe}, 37255: {instructions: Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft. Stir in the flour and cook, but dont brown it. Work in the chicken broth with a whisk, 1 cup at a time. Add the cream and season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes and cook over low heat, about 20 minutes. This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 5 cups homemade chicken broth, 34 cups heavy cream, 1 12 sticks butter, 1 cup chopped garlic, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, Salt and ground pepper, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced], title: Cream of Garlic Soup, picturelink: null}, 37256: {instructions: Cut the bread in half lengthways and rub the cut surfaces with garlic.nIn a food processor, combine the olives, red pepper, beans, tomatoes and anchovies. Mix in the olive oil and lemon juice. Adjust seasoning. Spread the mixture thickly over the bread and put the sides back together again. Tie up with string and enclose in aluminum foil or grease proof paper. Place a board on top of the parcel with a few weights and press for 1 hour. Then off you go to your picnic., ingredients: [1 long baguette or 4 little ones, Garlic cloves, halved, 12 fine black olives, stoned, 1 red pepper, sliced, Cooked French beans, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons delicious olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice or wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tartine from Provence, picturelink: null}, 37257: {instructions: In a frying pan, combine the almonds and oil at room temperature. Place the pan on burner and slowly bring to a boil. When the almonds begin to brown, remove them to a colander to drain. Salt the almonds and serve warm but not hot., ingredients: [12 cup Spanish olive oil, 4 ounces raw peeled almonds, Salt], title: Fried Almonds, picturelink: null}, 37258: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to high. Line a broiler pan with foil and lightly oil.nSkim 2 tablespoons cream from the top of the coconut milk reserve the milk to flavor rice as a side dish, if desired. Fry the coconut cream in a small skillet over medium heat until glossy, about 2 minutes. Stir in the curry paste and cook until fragrant, 2 minutes. Spread the mixture over the fish in the broiler pan broil until browned and just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Cut the fish into 4 pieces.nWhisk the lime juice, sugar, 2 tablespoons water and fish sauce in a bowl until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the chili sauce and garlic.nArrange the lettuce, watercress, cucumber, scallions, pepper, herbs, nuts and lime wedges with 4 pieces of fish on a platter drizzle with the Thai salad dressing.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [One 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 1 tablespoon red curry paste, 1 14 pounds skinned mahi mahi fillet, dark flesh trimmed, 13 cup fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for garnish, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 head Boston lettuce, leaves separated, 1 bunch watercress, woody stems removed, 1 Kirby cucumber, thinly sliced, 3 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro or mint, 1 handful roasted peanuts or cashews], title: Thai Red Curry Mahi Mahi Salad, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 37259: {instructions: For the stuffing: Preheat oven to 275 to 300 degrees F.nSpread the cornbread crumbs on a sheet pan and let toast for about 20 minutes, or until lightly toasted and dry. Turn oven up to 350 degrees F.nIn a skillet brown the bacon until crispy. Drain. To the same skillet add the red pepper, jalapeno, and garlic and cook until soft.nIn a bowl, combine the cornbread crumbs, bacon, and vegetable mixture. Add parsley and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the egg and mix thoroughly.nFor the meatloaf: In medium skillet over medium heat add oil, red onions, jalapeno and garlic. Cook until caramelized, remove from heat and let cool.nIn a bowl combine the meat, salt, pepper, parsley, thyme, mustard, ketchup Worcestershire, and eggs and thoroughly mix.nDivide the meat mixture in half. Shape 1 half into a rectangle, creating a canoe, and then loosely fill with stuffing. Do not pack it in. Use the other half of the meat to fully enclose the stuffing. Transfer to the oven and bake for 1 12 hours, or until internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F. Layer the cheese slices on top and bake for another 5 minutes to melt the cheese. Remove from oven and let rest for about 10 minutes. Cut into thick slices and serve., ingredients: [2 large or 5 small corn muffins 2 to 3 cups, crumbled by hand, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon seeded and minced jalapeno, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 tablespoon seeded and minced jalapeno, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 eggs, 6 ounces sliced Cheddar], title: Cornbread Stuffed Meatloaf, picturelink: dTOWJ5hhouuZAGOlSK85wSDBx6EOXjG}, 37260: {instructions: Cut the peel and white pith from the oranges. Cut between the membranes to release the segments.nWhisk the vinegar, creme fraiche, and sugar in a heavy small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until it thickens and resembles a sauce, about 8 minutes.nArrange the orange segments and strawberries decoratively on plates. Drizzle the warm balsamic sauce over the fruit and serve. Alternately, the balsamic sauce can be served at room temperature and spooned atop the fruit. This is great served with frozen yogurt or ice cream., ingredients: [4 navel oranges, 34 cup inexpensive balsamic vinegar, 13 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 ounces fresh strawberries, quartered], title: Orange Segments with Berries and Balsamic Cream, picturelink: null}, 37261: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, combine the cranberries, sugar and water. Stir to blend. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Reduce to a simmer and add the cinnamon stick, allspice and nutmeg. Stir to blend and simmer for an additional 5 to 7 minutes. Some of the cranberries will burst and some will remain whole. Add the orange juice and zest, stir and allow to cool before serving., ingredients: [1 pound fresh cranberries, washed and dried, 2 cups granulated sugar, 13 cup water, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 orange, zested and juiced], title: Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 37262: {instructions: Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl.nBeat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a standing mixer preferably fitted with paddle attachment or 6 with a handheld. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and mix until just combined.nForm dough into a 12inch log 2 inches in diameter on a sheet of plastic wrap and roll up dough in plastic wrap. Chill dough on a baking sheet until firm, at least 4 hours. To roll cookies into balls, see cooks note, below.nPut oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut enough 18 to 14inchthick slices from log with a heavy knife to fill 2 ungreased large baking sheets, arranging slices about 1inch apart chill remainder of log, wrapped in plastic wrap. If garnishing with coarse sugar, sprinkle slices with it.nBake cookies, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until edges are golden, 12 to 15 minutes total. Cool on sheets 3 minutes, then transfer with a metal spatula to racks to cool completely. Make more cookies with remaining dough on cooled baking sheets., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Garnish:coarse or sanding sugar or melted chocolate see cooks note, below], title: Basic Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37263: {instructions: Sprinkle sea salt on sliced tuna, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and serve., ingredients: [Lemoninfused sea salt, to season See Cooks Note, 1 pound457 g sushi grade tuna, thinly sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Sashimi Siciliano: Sicilian Sashimi, picturelink: null}, 37264: {instructions: Place olive oil in 12inch nonstick pan, turn heat to medium high and cook until bubbly but do not color. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the lemon juice, pepper flakes, celery, and scallops. Cook for 1 minute. Add the shrimp and squid. Cook until shrimp is pink in color and seafood is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add parsley. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 stalks celery thinly sliced, 1 pound scallops, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound squid with tentacles, cleaned, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, roughly chopped, Coarse salt, Cracked black pepper], title: Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 37265: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFreeze an 8inch bowl. When its cold, place the mango sorbet in the bowl and press it against the sides of the bowl. If you have a 6 12inch bowl the same shape as the 8inch bowl such as from a set of nesting bowls, cover it with plastic wrap and press it into the sorbet to make the layer even. Freeze the sorbet for 30 minutes or until firm. Remove the 6 12inch bowl.nSpread an even layer of softened raspberry sorbet on top of the mango sorbet a 4 12inch nesting bowl wrapped in plastic wrap helps with this and freeze for another 30 minutes or until firm. Remove the 4 12 inch bowl.nFinally, spoon in enough softened strawberry ice cream to fill the bowl. Freeze until hard.nTo unmold, dip the bowl up to the rim in warm water. Run a knife around the edge to loosen the bombe and unmold upside down onto a flat plate. You may need to run a flexible metal spatula along the edge of the bombe to release it. Freeze until ready to serve. Serve in wedges.nMango Sorbet:n34 cup sugarn5 large ripe mangoes, peeled and seededn14 cup freshly squeezed orange juicen14 teaspoon kosher saltnPlace the sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar dissolves. Set aside.nPlace the mangoes in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and puree. You should have about 5 cups of mango. If you want a smoother sorbet, you can process the puree through a food mill fitted with a medium blade.nCombine the mango, sugar syrup, orange juice, and salt and refrigerate until cold. Freeze in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturers directions. The sorbet will be soft. Serve directly from the ice cream machine.nYield: 1 12 quarts 6 servings, ingredients: [2 pints Mango Sorbet, recipe follows, 1 12 pints good raspberry sorbet, softened, 1 pint good strawberry ice cream, softened], title: Ice Cream Bombe, picturelink: x8aOQC0KZnlbz3gaqXG1PnLYfmb1KrO}, 37266: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the peaches in a 9by9inch baking pan. In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, 34 cup of the sugar, the baking powder and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Add the milk and melted butter and mix well. Pour the batter evenly over the peaches.nIn a small bowl, mix together the remaining 14 cup sugar, the cornstarch and remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Sprinkle the mixture over the batter. Evenly pour the boiling water all over.nBake until golden brown and bubbling, 50 minutes. Serve in individual dessert dishes with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [4 cups sliced peeled fresh peaches 4 to 5 peaches, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup milk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup boiling water, Serving suggestions: vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, optional], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: BWQjDSA6L0Mk4akKqqWIh2foR4Lhz2O}, 37267: {instructions: Mix together the ketchup, vinegar, honey and Worcestershire sauce in a small saucepan over low heat. Bring to a simmer and simmer for 10 minutes. Allow to cool before serving., ingredients: [13 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Homemade Honey BBQ Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37268: {instructions: Put butter, lemon zest and capers in food processor until well combined. Cut 16 pieces of bread with the cutter and cover, to keep bread moist. Cut 16 salmon pig shapes with the cutter. Spread the caper butter onto the bread and put salmon pig on top. Using a butter knife shape the caviar down the center of the pig to form a blanket. Place 1 black sesame seed onto the pig to make the eye., ingredients: [4 ounces butter, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 loaf pumpernickel bread, 1 pig shaped cutter, 8 ounces cold smoked salmon fillet, 4 ounces wasabi caviar, Black sesame seeds], title: Salmon Pigs in a Blanket, picturelink: null}, 37269: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the cauliflower florets and cook until the cauliflower is soft and releases easily when pierced with a knife, about 8 minutes. Drain in a colander and spread out on a baking sheet. Pat the cauliflower dry with a clean kitchen towel or a paper towel, then set aside and let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the sour cream, horseradish, mayonnaise, chives, cider vinegar, celery, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl.nFold the cauliflower into the dressing and season with more salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cauliflower florets from about 1 small head cauliflower, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 stalks celery, chopped into 14inch pieces], title: Creamy Cauliflower Potato Salad, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 37270: {instructions: Prepare the caramel mou: Place the corn syrup, sugar and just enough water to melt the sugar into a saucepan and place on high heat. Cook until the sugar is very dark brown and begins to burn. You will see white smoke. Remove from the heat and add the 1ounce of water. Allow this to cool slightly.nPlace the roasted nuts on a silpat baking mat lined baking sheet.nPlace the butter and cocoa butter in a large heatproof mixing bowl.nPrepare the caramel: Place the sugar, corn syrup, Caramel Mou, cream, vanilla bean, butter, salt, and lemon juice in a saucepan placed over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook to 250 degrees F 121 degrees C. Remove from the heat and pour over the butter and cocoa butter. Let cool for 5 minutes. Spoon the caramel over the nuts to make the clusters.nPlace the bittersweet chocolate in a paper cornet or small piping bag and drizzle chocolate over the nut cluster. Serve.nJacquesu2019 tip: To make a more kid friendly recipe, use store bought caramel squares. Unwrap them and place them on top of the nuts. Put in a warm oven until the caramel melts., ingredients: [1ounce 30 grams corn syrup, 2.5 ounces 70 grams sugar, 1ounce 30 grams water, 2 pounds assorted whole roasted nuts, unsalted, 1ounce 30 grams butter, 1ounce 30 grams cocoa butter, 7.4 ounces 210 grams sugar, 4 ounces 120 grams corn syrup, 3 ounces 90 grams Caramel Mou, 10.5 ounces 302 grams cream, 1 vanilla bean, 1ounce 30 grams butter, 12 tablespoon 6 grams salt, 12 tablespoon 6 grams lemon juice, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Nut Clusters, picturelink: null}, 37271: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, whisk together the sugar, cocoa, cornstarch and salt. Gradually whisk in the milk until smooth, then whisk in the cream. Set the pan over medium heat and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens and comes to a boil, about 5 minutes. Continue to whisk and boil for 1 minute.nRemove the pan from the heat and add the chocolate chips and vanilla. Let stand until the chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes, then stir gently until the pudding is smooth.nDivide the pudding among 6 small dessert dishes. Let cool for about 20 minutes to serve warm and soft, or cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 8 hours to serve chilled and firm. Serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 13 cup cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 14 cups whole milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Smooth and Creamy Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: 34RLjLxuuesghcEl3bslZ7ZPqN5p1nq}, 37272: {instructions: Combine milk and half and half in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over low heat. Remove from heat and transfer to a clean bowl. Set aside to cool to 115 degrees F. Add yogurt and vigorously whisk.nCover bowl with plastic, then wrap well with heavy towels or a blanket. Set aside in a warm place for 6 to 8 hours, or longer according to taste. The longer yogurt sits, the more acidic it will become. Store in sealed containers in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 1 cup half and half, 1 tablespoon plain yogurt], title: Homemade Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 37273: {instructions: Chill 4 martini glasses by filling each with ice and cold water. Combine all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice and shake vigorously. Empty the martini glasses of ice water and strain the mixture between the 4 glasses. Float a slice of clementine in each glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup fresh squeezed clementine juice, 4 ounces vodka, 2 ounces Triple Sec, 12 lime, juiced, 4 slices clementine, for garnish], title: Clementine Cosmo, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 37274: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels with a slotted spoon set aside to drain. Add the scallions and celery to the drippings in the pot and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until incorporated. Add the broccoli, chicken broth, 3 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Add the edamame, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth return to the pot. Stir in the halfandhalf and simmer 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese and continue to cook, stirring, until the soup thickens, about 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among bowls and top with the bacon.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 head broccoli, florets and tender stems chopped, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup frozen edamame, thawed, 34 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup shredded white cheddar cheese], title: BroccoliCheddar Soup, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 37275: {instructions: Morning, First Day: Mix all the levain ingredients together and let it ferment for 8 to 10 hours, until the starter has domed but not collapsed. There will be extra starter left over once you remove 200 grams for the dough. Use this remaining starter as a base to refresh your leaven. To refresh, mix 20 grams of the remaining starter, 75 grams water, 50 grams whole wheat flour, and 50 grams white flour let it ferment 2 to 4 hours at room temperature and then place it back in the refrigerator.nEvening, First Day: Mix the dough. In a bowl, mix the starter and 400 grams water until the starter is dissolved, though lumps here and there are fine. Add the whole wheat and rye flours and stir until combined. Then add the white flour and mix for 1 to 2 minutes, until the flour dissolves and forms a shaggy mass.nMake an indentation on top of the dough and add the salt and 25 grams water into this well, so that the salt can begin to dissolve. Cover the bowl and let it sit for 30 to 40 minutes.nMoisten your hands, then shake off the water. Stretch and fold the dough by pulling the dough out from the edges and folding in toward the middle. You want to stretch the dough out to strengthen the gluten but ideally dont rip the dough. You can also pinch the dough between your thumb and fingers to further incorporate the salt. Stretch and fold the dough in a circular pattern, pulling the dough out, then folding the edges toward the middle 10 to 12 times. Turn the dough over, so that the seams are facedown and the smooth side is on top. This entire process should take about 2 minutes. At this point you can add the remaining water, letting it sit on top of the dough until the next round. Cover and let the dough sit for 30 minutes.nRepeat the stretching and folding for another round. Pinch the dough with your thumb and fingers to help incorporate the additional water. By this time, you should feel some tension in the gluten, but be careful not to rip the dough. Once this process is complete, turn the dough over so the smooth side is on top. Let the dough sit for 30 minutes.nHaving completed two rounds of stretching and folding, the dough should be elastic. You may, however, add one more round of stretching and folding to further develop the gluten, after allowing it to rest for 30 minutes.nRemove the dough and clean and lightly oil the bowl, or move the dough to a lightly oiled container. Cover and let sit for another 30 minutes, then place it in the refrigerator or in a cool basement room ideally no warmer than 55 degrees F 13 degrees C. Let the dough rise for 8 to 12 hours, though it can rise for as long as 24 hours. However, the longer this first rise lasts, the more sour the flavor will be.nSecond Day: Place a rimmed baking sheet on the bottom of the oven and a baking stone on a rack in the middle. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F 260 degrees C.nAfter letting the dough rise in the cool environment, you should see fermentation bubbles, and the dough should have at least doubled in size. If it hasnt, let it warm at room temperature for another hour.nDust the counter lightly with flour and gently remove the dough with a dough scraper, letting the smooth top of the dough fall onto the counter. The sticky underside will now be face up. Cut the dough in half You can make two loaves simultaneously if they fit into the oven. Or refrigerate the remaining half the dough, then remove it and shape it into a second loaf after the first loaf is out of the oven.nPreshape the dough. Stretch the four sides of the dough out and let them fall into the center. They can overlap. Then turn the dough over so that these seams are facedown. Dust with flour, cover with a light cloth or towel, and let the dough rest for 20 minutes.nDust the counter with flour very lightly, then turn the dough over again so the seams are face up and the smooth side is on the counter. Stretch and then fold the edges in toward the center, so that you have an approximately round shape, which should take 6 to 8 folds. Apply light pressure in the center so the folds seal. Turn the dough over, so the smooth side is now face up, and, cupping your hands around the dough, use the outer edges of your palms and pinkies to stretch the skin of the dough and tuck it under the bottom, moving the dough in a circular motion so that you end up with a round shape. Try not to compress the loaf tightly, though the goal is to have a taut skin. This last action takes time to master so dont worry if it doesnt come out perfect on your first attemptthere will be many more loaves to come.nLet the loaf sit while you prepare a colander lined with a floured towel. Then using the dough scraper to loosen the loaf from the counter, pick up the loaf and place the smooth side face down on the floured towel in the colander. The seams will be face up. Cover with a towel and let the loaf rise for about 90 minutes, or until the loaf springs back slowly when you lightly press it with your finger. If it snaps back into shape quickly and leaves no indentation, it is not done rising, so give it another 20 minutes and try again. This is a judgment call, but it is better to err on slightly underproofing the loaf rather than letting it rise until it collapses on itself.nDust a peel or cutting board with semolina and flour or just flour. Turn the loaf out on the peel or board, so that the smooth side, which was on the towel, is now face up. Using a razor blade or bread knife, score the loaf with one cut, or in an X pattern, or in a square pattern, about 14 inch deep. Angle the blade while you slash the loaf with swift, sure cuts. Dont dawdle, fuss, or repeat the action.nTransfer the loaf to the hot stone and close the oven. Then open the oven and pour 12 cup water into the baking sheet and close the oven, trapping the steam. Turn the oven down to 460 degrees F 240 degrees C and bake for 30 minutes. Open the door briefly to release the remaining steam. Then turn down the oven to 420 degrees F 215 degrees C and continue baking for another 10 to 15 minutes, or until the crust is dark brown. Turn the oven off and prop open the door slightly with a wooden spoon, leaving the loaf in the oven for another 5 to 7 minutes. Ideally, the loaf will have a hollow knock when you remove it from the oven, signaling that moisture has adequately dissipated in the loaf. Alternatively, stick an instantread thermometer in the bottom of the loaf. The center of the loaf should read at least 205 degrees F 96 degrees C.nLet the loaf cool on a bread rack for at least one hour before cutting into it. Since this loaf is made with sourdough, it will last a long time. For the first two days, I simply keep it wrapped in a towel or in a paper bag, the cut side facedown. If theres anything left after that point, I keep it at room temperature in a plastic bag., ingredients: [Bowl, Rimmed baking sheet, Rectangular baking stone, Plastic dough scraper, Colander and kitchen towel, in which the loaf can rise, Baking peel or cutting board, to move the loaves to the oven, Singleedged razor blade, lame, or knife, Instantread thermometer optional, Cooling rack, 100 grams unbleached organic allpurpose flour, 30 grams organic wholewheat flour, 100 grams water, 20 grams ripe starter, 200 grams starter, 400 grams water plus another 50 grams added in increments, 70 grams organic wholewheat flour, 70 grams organic wholerye flour, 460 grams unbleached organic allpurpose flour, 13 grams sea salt, Olive oil, to grease the bowl, Semolina and flour, to dust the baking peel], title: Pain de Campagne, picturelink: 43pSo1aiK9lFRRueEUa8o2VkxFS98CG}, 37276: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a small skillet over medium heat until foamy but not brown. Stir in the panko, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the panko is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to the package instructions. Strain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Set aside.nHeat the halfandhalf in a large saucepan over medium heat until it just comes to a simmer. Continue simmering until the halfandhalf is reduced to 2 cups, about 5 minutes. Add the cream cheese and cook, stirring, until melted. Whisk in the Italian cheese blend until all the cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth. Turn off the heat and keep warm.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the garlic and the remaining 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and reduce until the alcohol smell is no longer present and the sauce is a nice golden color, about 2 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and lemon zest and cook, stirring, until the shrimp are pink and just cooked through, about 2 minutes sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and set aside.nAdd the pasta and shrimp mixture to the cheese sauce and stir to combine. Stir in some of the reserved pasta water to thin the sauce if needed. Season to taste with salt if needed. Spoon the hot mac and cheese into bowls and sprinkle with the parsley panko., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 pound medium pasta shells, 2 12 cups halfandhalf, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces shredded Italian cheese blend about 2 cups, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut into 1inch pieces, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon], title: Shrimp Scampi Mac and Cheese, picturelink: bRcPbFHGglP1Af3J1wx.aokNAS.R7JG}, 37277: {instructions: In a large skillet or wok, heat oil over medium heat until hot. Add onion, cook and stir until tender, about 3 minutes. Add garlic, ginger, chili pepper, snow peas, bell pepper and mushrooms except oyster mushrooms if used. Cook and stir until moisture evaporates, 5 to 7 minutes. Add oyster mushrooms if used. Cook until barely softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in oysterflavored sauce and wine., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cooking oil, 12 cup diced onion, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon finely chopped ginger, 1 small serrano or jalapeno chili pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 ounces snow peas, ends and strings removed, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch squares, 1 pound assorted mushrooms e.g. cremini, portobello, oyster or straw, stems trimmed if using shiitake or oysters, remove stems, cut into slices or bitesize pieces, 2 tablespoons oysterflavored sauce, 2 tablespoons sweet rice wine], title: Roomful of Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 37278: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPat the sole dry with paper towels and sprinkle with salt and pepper. In a large ovenproof saute pan, brown the sole in 1 tablespoon olive oil on one side, then remove from the pan and set aside. Add the oregano, red pepper flakes and garlic to the pan and saute 1 minute. Next, add the potatoes and chopped tomatoes with their juices and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Pour half of the lemon juice into the pan, add the chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, and then add the fish back to the pan and baste with the sauce. Finish cooking in the oven, 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove the fish from the pan and place on a platter. Return the pan to the stove and add the remaining 1 tablespoons olive oil along with the chopped basil and remaining lemon juice. Let the sauce reduce over medium heat, 2 minutes. Serve the fish with the sauce and garnish with chopped basil., ingredients: [Two 8ounce fillets sole, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 3 red potatoes, diced and parboiled, One 14ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped, juices reserved, Juice of 1 lemon, 34 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus extra for garnish], title: Sole with Basil, Tomatoes and Oregano, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 37279: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll the pie crust to 15 by 15 inches, and cut into 4 equal squares. Create a small border around the end of the crust by running a damp finger around it. Staying inside the border spread 1 tablespoon of lemon curd on half of the square. Spread 2 tablespoons of the jam on top of the curd and fold the square over, pressing the edges closed. Place the tarts in the freezer for 5 to 7 minutes, to firm.nBake the tarts on a cookie sheet for 10 to 12 minutes, until browned. You may have to turn the pan once to get even color.nMeanwhile, in a double boiler on the stove, melt the chocolate chips. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cream.nTo serve, put a scoop of ice cream on a plate, top with a warm tart and drizzle with chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 frozen pie crust, 4 tablespoons lemon curd, 8 tablespoons raspberry jam, 1 8ounce bag chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, Favorite ice cream, for serving], title: All Grown Up Raspberry Hot Tart, picturelink: null}, 37280: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees. Toast the ricotta on a baking sheet until golden on all sides, about 15 minutes. Allow the cheese to cool, then grate it on a large hole grater and set aside.nTo make the sauce, place 3 tablespoons of the extra virgin olive oil in a skillet over medium heat and saute the onion for 4 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and saute for 3 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and allow to simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Puree the sauce, stir in the basil and reserve.nTrim the bottoms and tops off the eggplants then cut them lengthwise into 14inch thick slices. Lightly salt the eggplant and place it in a colander with a bowl on top to press it down. Allow to stand for 30 minutes. Place pure olive oil to a depth of 14inch in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Fry the eggplant until golden brown on both sides, turning once. Drain well on paper towels and season with fresh pepper.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees. Cook the penne al dente. Drain the pasta well, toss it with threefourths of the sauce and half the cheese. Place a layer of the pasta in a 9 by 13inch baking dish, covering it with a layer of fried eggplant. Layer the remaining pasta on top and then the remaining eggplant on top of that. Sprinkle the eggplant with the remaining cheese, drizzle with the remaining sauce and one tablespoon of olive oil. Bake in the oven for 5 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [7 ounces ricotta salata 1 whole piece, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 small onion, peeled and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 12 pounds ripe Italian plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, julienned, 4 small eggplants, Salt, Olive oil, Black pepper, 1 pound penne pasta], title: Penne alla Norma, picturelink: null}, 37281: {instructions: Preheat the oven 350 degrees F.nCoat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the chuck roast generously with salt, add it to the Dutch oven and brown it on all sides. Remove from the pan and reserve.nDrain the excess oil, lower the heat to medium, add a few drops of new oil and add the celery, onions and crushed red pepper to the pan. Season the vegetables with salt and cook until they are soft and very aromatic, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the vinegar, stir to combine and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in 3 cups of chicken stock. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed. Toss in the bay leaves, orange zest, star anise and thyme bundle. Return the meat to the pan, cover and put the Dutch oven in the oven for 1 hour.nRemove the pan from the oven, turn the meat over and check the liquid level. If the liquid level has gone down, add about a half a cup of stock. Return the pan to the oven and cook for another hour.nRemove the pan from the oven. Remove the meat from the pan and add the squash, Jerusalem artichokes and figs. Add the final 12 cup of stock and stir to combine. Taste the liquid and adjust seasoning if needed. Return the meat to the pan, cover and cook for another 30 minutes.nRemove the lid to the pan and roast until the squash and Jerusalem artichokes are tender and the liquid is reduced, another 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven. Remove the meat from the pan and skim off any excess fat from the surface of the cooking liquid, if need be.nSlice the meat in 12inch slices and serve with the veggies and pan juices.nWine Pairing Suggestion: Pinot Noir, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, One 3pound chuck roast, tied, Kosher salt, 3 ribs celery, thinly sliced on the bias, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 1 pinch crushed red pepper, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 cup tomato paste, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 4 cups chicken stock, 3 bay leaves, 2 strips orange zest removed from the orange with a vegetable peeler, 2 star anise, 1 fresh thyme bundle, 2 cups 12inch diced butternut squash, 1 12 cups 12inch diced Jerusalem artichokes, 6 to 8 dried figs, stems removed and quartered], title: Pot Roast, picturelink: c7iepf2pK4eO4yPZNAHMI8wV90GqEu}, 37282: {instructions: Sift together flour and cornstarch. In a large mixing bowl whip together eggs, egg whites, and milk. Add all other ingredients and mix well. Season with salt and white pepper.nHeat a deep pot halfway filled with peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Using a small scoop 1 ounce place batter in oil and fry until golden brown.nRemove from oil and place on paper towel to drain excess oil. Serve with favorite sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 eggs, 3 egg whites, 14 cup milk, 2 ounces red pepper, finely diced, 2 ounces green pepper, finely diced, 2 ounces yellow pepper, finely diced, 2 ounces red onion, finely diced, 2 ounces cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 pound conch meat, diced small, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Conch Fritters, picturelink: null}, 37283: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the pound cake into 9 34inch slices and spread each slice on 1 side with raspberry jam, using all the jam. Set aside.nPlace a layer of cake, jam side up, in the bottom of a 2 12to 3quart glass serving bowl, cutting the pieces to fit. Sprinkle with Framboise. Top with a layer of raspberries and strawberries and Cognac Cream. Repeat the layers of cake sprinkled with Framboise, raspberries, strawberries and Cognac Cream, ending with a third layer of cake jam side down and raspberries and strawberries.nWhip the heavy cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whip until it forms stiff peaks. Decorate the trifle with whipped cream. The trifle can sit for a while at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inch loaf pans. Line the bottoms with parchment paper.nCream the butter and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy. With the mixer on medium speed, beat in the eggs, 1 at a time.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl, combine the buttermilk and vanilla. Add the flour and buttermilk mixtures alternately to the batter, beginning and ending with the flour. Divide the batter evenly between the pans, smooth the tops, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a cake tester comes out clean.nWhen the cakes are done, let them cool for 10 minutes. Take them out of the pans, place them on a baking rack and allow them to cool completely. Wrap well, and store in the refrigerator.nHeat the milk in a medium stainlesssteel saucepan over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat.nBeat the egg yolks and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the cornstarch. Beat on mediumlow speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Pay attention because it will thicken and then quickly become scrambled eggsnImmediately, pour the mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Stir in the vanilla, Cognac, butter, and heavy cream. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [1 Plain Pound Cake, recipe follows, 1 cup good raspberry jam, Framboise, 2 halfpints fresh raspberries, 1 pint fresh strawberries, Cognac Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, divided, 4 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups milk, 10 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons sifted cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon Cognac, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Red Berry Trifle, picturelink: nSqHjxpAho1Ll5b0mFvyjtO5SJF.I46}, 37284: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nImmerse cedar planks in water and soak for at least 4 hours or overnight.nOnce oven is hot preheat the plank for 5 minutes prior to starting the tuna.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Season the tuna on all sides with salt and pepper then rub with olive oil. Place 2 tablespoons of olive oil into the hot saute pan. Sear the tuna on 1 side until well browned, about 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from pan placing onto the preheated cedar plank seared side up. Place on a half sheet pan. Place into the oven and roast 2 minutes for medium rare, or until desired doneness.nHeat large saute pan over medium heat, toast the fennel seeds, until lightly brown and fragrant. Place olive oil and butter into the heated pan, once the butter melts and starts to brown add the thinly sliced fennel and shallot. Season fennel with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the fennel becomes somewhat soft and starts to brown, about 8 minutes. Finish with the chopped parsley. Set pan aside and keep warm until ready to plate.nShrimp Vinaigrette:nHeat large saucepan over high heat. Add the olive oil. Add the garlic, shallot and chiles, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the shrimp, white wine and orange juice to the pan, cover and lower heat to medium. Cook shrimp until they have turned pink, be careful not to overcook them. When shrimp are cooked through, remove them with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl. Reduce liquid by half, then, finish the sauce with the orange segments, chopped parsley, and butter.nWalnut Polenta:nHeat a large straightsided pan over high heat. Add milk and butter and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in polenta, reduce flame to low. Stir for 3 to 5 minutes. Fold in half of the chopped walnuts. Season with salt and pepper.nAssembly:nPlace some of the sauteed fennel on the cut cedar plank. Slice tuna and arrange on top of fennel. Place plank on half of a rectangle plate. Spoon shrimp vinaigrette over tuna. Spoon polenta into cast iron casserole. Garnish with grated Parmesan and grate the remaining walnuts, over the polenta, and drizzle with walnut oil. Place casserole on the other half of the plate. Repeat procedure for the remaining portions., ingredients: [1 untreated cedar plank, 1 untreated cedar plank cut into 4 pieces, 4 6 to 7ounce tuna steaks, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 medium sized fennel bulbs, sliced very thinly, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 garlic cloves, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 jalapeno peppers, sliced in rounds with seeds, 20 baby shrimp, peeled, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 4 blood oranges, or navel oranges, segmented, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 cups milk, 14 cup butter, 2 cups quick cooking polenta, 2 cups walnuts, toasted, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, Walnut oil, for drizzling], title: Cedar Plank Tuna, picturelink: null}, 37285: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, parsley, mustard, garlic, tomatoes and some salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Put some arugula in a bowl and lightly dress with some of the dressing.nnFor the fry: Heat 2 teaspoons canola oil in an 8inch nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and slowly cook until the fat has rendered and the bacon is crisp. Transfer to a papertowellined plate using a slotted spoon.nnAdd 14 cup canola oil to the pan that you cooked the bacon in and heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Put the flour on a plate and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the oysters with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour, then tap off the excess. Fry the oysters until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels. Discard the oil in the pan and wipe with a paper towel.nnReturn the pan over medium heat. Whisk together the creme fraiche and eggs and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the butter to the pan and cook until it begins to sizzle. Add the oysters and eggs and cook, stirring constantly, until soft curds form.nnDivide between 2 plates and top with the dressed arugula. Drizzle with more of the vinaigrette and garnish with crisp bacon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, 1 large plum tomato, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Arugula, , Canola oil, 2 ounces thickcut slab bacon, cut into lardons, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 West Coast oysters, shucked, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, ], title: Hang Town Fry, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 37286: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter add the onions and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring often, until light golden, about 6 to 8 minutes and remove from the pan to a small plate. Raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the water, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of the skillet and allowing the water to simmer just a couple of minutes to infuse in the onion flavor. Remove from the heat.nPut the cornbread in a large mixing bowl. Melt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter in a small pan over medium heat and let it bubble until the milk solids to start to turn golden. Add the sage leaves and briefly fry until beginning to crisp, about 30 seconds. With a slotted spoon, remove sage and put on top of cornbread to drain and crisp. Remove the butter from the heat. Add the eggs and cooked onions to the cornbread and pour the browned butter over the mixture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the onion infused water, a tablespoon at a time, gently folding, until cornbread is evenly moistened but not soggy. Pour the dressing into a 9 by 11inch baking dish and bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown in color and the dressing is set in the middle, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 large Vidalia or Spanish onion, chopped about 1 cup, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 34 cup water, 6 cups cubed 1inch pieces storebought or homemade cornbread, about 1 pound, 13 cup fresh sage leaves, about 12, stems removed, 2 large eggs, beaten], title: Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: YTSHl3fLGzrwZhuAn7sMUQEdjWujF6}, 37287: {instructions: Combine the coconut with the milk in a heavy saucepan. Heat slowly, bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and cool. Strain the milk, pressing down on the coconut meat to extract all the liquid. Squeeze all the coconut through a towel to get any last drops. Discard the coconut.nRemove the grassy tops of the lemongrass, leaving stalks about 6 inches long, and cut off any hard root section. Using the blunt edge of a large knife or cleaver, bruise each stalk all over. Cut each stalk into 4 pieces.nIn a saucepan bring chicken stock to a boil, reduce to a simmer, then add lemongrass, galanga, peppercorns, serrano chile, and lime leaves. Simmer 15 minutes, then add coconut milk and cook an additional 5 minutes. Add chicken pieces, straw mushrooms, snow peas, and carrots. Simmer for another 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in fish sauce, and lime juice and serve immediately. Garnish with cilantro leaves. Be careful to avoid chewing the lemongrass, galanga or ginger, or lime leaves when eating., ingredients: [2 12 cups desiccated coconut, 3 cups milk, 4 stalks fresh lemongrass, 4 cups chicken stock, 15 quartersized slices fresh galanga, or fresh gingerroot, 10 whole black peppercorns, crushed, 3 serrano chiles, thinly sliced, 12 fresh lime leaves or scant 14 teaspoon grated lime zest, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 whole chicken breast, boneless, skinless, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 cup canned straw mushrooms, drained well, 12 cup julienned snow peas, 12 cup julienned carrots, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, Juice of 2 limes, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Coconut Soup, picturelink: null}, 37288: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fish: Dredge the fish on both sides in the flour. Then, beat the eggs in a bowl using a fork or whisk. Take a saute pan and coat the bottom of the pan with the olive oil, so it is fully covered. Then turn the heat on medium, being careful to not let the oil burn. Splash in a speck of the egg batter to see if the oil is hot enough the egg will puff up when the oil is ready. At this point, dip the dredged fish into the beaten egg, making sure to cover both sides well, and then place in the saute pan with the hot oil. Let the fish cook on each side until golden brown be careful not to burn fish in the hot oil. Also, please note that the fish is very tender and breaks easily, so use caution when flipping the fish with a metal spatula or tongs.nFor the margarita sauce: In another saute pan, add half of the butter, the chicken stock, the wine, pinch of salt and pepper, and squeeze in threequarters of the fresh lemon. Make sure to save a few lemon wheels for garnish and set aside. Simmer the sauce for several minutes on medium heat, and then add the cooked fish to the sauce and let that simmer on low heat for a couple of minutes more. This is to infuse the sauce flavor with the eggbattered fish.nFor the potatoes: Take the potatoes and cut into cubes. Parcook them by boiling them in a small pot of water until they begin to soften, but still retain some firmness. In another saute pan over mediumlow heat, coat the bottom of the pan with the olive oil and add the butter. Once the butter and olive oil have joined together, add the potatoes to the mixture and turn the heat to mediumhigh. Next, add the paprika, salt and pepper to taste. Stir the potatoes so that they are all coated evenly with the mixture. Taste one of the potatoes to know when they are finished cooking they should be slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Place the cooked potatoes in a bowl and strain any excess oil from the potatoes. Garnish the potatoes with the parsley and finish with a pinch of table salt.nPlate the fish from the margarita sauce, then pour just a bit of the sauce over the fish to highlight the bottom of the plate surrounding the fish. Pour the remaining sauce into a small cup for dipping the fish andor potatoes. Garnish the top of the fish pieces with 2 thinly sliced lemon wheels and a parsley sprig., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh skinless haddock fillet or similar white fish, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 14 cup imported Italian olive oil, 12 stick 4 tablespoons salted butter, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup white wine chablis, Table salt and ground black pepper, 1 whole fresh lemon, 1 pound whole white potatoes, peeled about 2 medium potatoes, 2 tablespoons imported Italian olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon paprika, Table salt and ground black pepper, Small bunch fresh Italian parsley or curly parsley, chopped, plus sprig for garnish], title: Haddock Margarita with Pan Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: nSTGqhkr3nX4JEGqgroKGfNDJ4hQ6fu}, 37289: {instructions: Heat a large Dutch oven over medium high heat with olive oil, 4 turns of the pan. Quarter and core the fennel, then chop into a small dice and add to the pot. Chop the vegetables and keep adding to the pot as you work to keep your cutting board clear  add the diced celery, chopped parsnips, carrots, potatoes, onions, garlic, and season liberally with salt and pepper, add in bay leaves and thyme. Sweat the vegetables 8 to 10 minutes covered, stirring fairly frequently, then add wine and deglaze the pot Stir in the stock plus 2 cups water and bring to a boil. Heat the butter in a small skillet over medium heat to melt, then whisk in the flour 1 minute. Scrape the roux into the soup. Simmer the soup a few minutes to combine the flavors then cool and cover for a makeahead meal.nBring the soup to a boil over medium to mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Stir together the biscuit mix with water and parsley according to package directions. When the soup comes to a boil add in the peas, dill and reserved fennel fronds. Using 2 spoons drop the biscuit mix into a pot shaping small eggshaped dumplings as you go. Cover and simmer over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and serve the hearty, thick soup in shallow bowls., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bulb fennel, tops trimmed and 14 cup fronds reserve, 4 ribs celery with leafy tops from the heart, diced, 2 parsnips, peeled and chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and diced not more than 12inch, 2 allpurpose potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 large onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large fresh bay leaves, About 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups vegetable or chicken stockinabox, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 14 cup finely chopped fresh dill, 1 cup frozen green peas, Biscuit mix prepared to package directions for 8 drop biscuits recommended: JIFFY brand, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped], title: Vegetable and Dumpling Soup, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 37290: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a mixing bowl and mash with a fork until the avocado reaches the consistency of a chunky salsa. Chill before serving with empanadas., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, halved, pitted, and peeled, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Mashed Avocado with Lime, picturelink: null}, 37291: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a heavy large baking sheet with a silicon pad or parchment paper. Combine the water, butter, and salt in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring until the butter melts. Add the flour and stir over medium heat for 1 minute. Cool for 5 minutes. Crack the eggs into a measuring cup. Use a wooden spoon to beat the eggs into the dough, 1 at a time. Stir in the Parmesan and pepper. Spoon 18 mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake until the profiteroles are puffed and golden, about 45 minutes. Allow the profiteroles to cool completely.nCombine the goat cheese and cream in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, whip together the cheese and the cream. Stir in the tomatoes, salt and pepper. Set aside.nCombine the herbs in a food processor and pulse to chop the herbs. With the machine running add the oil, salt, and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nUsing a serrated knife, cut off the top of the profiteroles. Fill each profiterole with a spoonful of the goat cheese mixture and return the top of the pastry. Place a few profiteroles on a serving plate, drizzle with herb oil, and sprinkle with walnuts. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup water, 14 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Pinch salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces goat cheese, room temperature, 14 cup cream, 12 cup diced sun dried tomatoes, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fresh mint leaves, 34 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup olive oil, Pinch salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped toasted walnuts, for garnish], title: Goat Cheese and Sun Dried Tomato Profiteroles with Herb Oil, picturelink: xcv5VKrhI60FdaiRSX02V9wbY7nXTg.}, 37292: {instructions: Pour the bourbon, limoncello and simple syrup into a shaker full of whole ice. Strain over the shaved ice in 2 glasses. Garnish with a mint leaf and serve with a spoon. Toast to the worlds firstever alcoholic Arnold Palmer snowcone., ingredients: [4 ounces bourbon, infused with a black tea bag for 15 minutes, 2 ounces limoncello, 1 ounce simple syrup, 8 ounces ice, shaved or finely crushed in a food processor, plus whole ice for chilling, Spring fresh mint, for garnish], title: Frosty the Palmer, picturelink: null}, 37293: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Arrange the chicken in a shallow baking dish and drizzle meat with extravirgin olive oil to just coat the chicken, about 1 12 tablespoons, total. Combine chopped herbs and lemon zest and sprinkle over the chicken. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Using your hands, rub the chicken and coat evenly with the herbs and seasonings. Wash hands with hot water and soap. Using tongs, transfer chicken in a single layer to hot skillet and cook chicken cutlets 3 or 4 minutes on each side. Cover cooked chicken loosely with foil to keep warm and repeat with remaining cutlets.nReturn pan to heat and add butter. When the butter melts, add flour to the butter and cook, stirring with whisk, a minute or 2 to make a light roux. Whisk in chicken broth. When broth thickens to just coat the back of a spoon, remove pan from heat and turn off burner.nToss salad greens with lemon juice and coarse salt. Drizzle 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil around the bowl and retoss greens.nTo serve, cover the bottom of a dinner plate with warm sauce. Top with a small pile of salad greens and 2 chicken cutlets.nsprinkle a little water in four medium size resealable food storage baggies, place 1 chicken breast in each bag and seal it up pushing out excess air. Using the bottom of a heavy pot or pan, pound each breast until flat but not so much that it wants to bust out of the bag. Lay these down flat in your freezer. Next time you are having a hunger attack, remove your prepared chicken piallard from the freezer placing in a large bowl in the sink. Turn on the cold water over the bowl in a slow steam, you will be amazed how fast they will defrost. Once defrosted remove the bags from the water, pat them dry and with a knife or scissors cut open 2 connecting sides of the bag, and they are ready for you to prepare as per recipe directions., ingredients: [4 small whole chicken breasts or 2 large, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped and finely chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful, 1 lemon zested and juiced, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock or chicken broth, 1 sack, 5 ounces, mixed baby salad greens, available in produce section], title: Chicken Paillard, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 37294: {instructions: Heat a deep skillet or a medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, and the chicken. Season it with coarse salt and pepper and red pepper flakes.nWhile the chicken cooks, chop up the veggies.nWhen the chicken is evenly and lightly browned all over, 3 or 4 minutes, remove it to a plate and reserve. Add another tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil, 1 more turn of the pan. Add the potatoes to the pan. Cook a couple of minutes, then add in the mushrooms, celery, and onion and cook another couple of minutes. Add in the peppers and garlic and cook another 1 to 2 minutes. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Add chicken back to the pan. Toss it with the vegetables. Add red wine to the pan and deglaze it, picking up drippings. Add tomatoes and stock to the stoup and stir to combine. Stir in rosemary and reduce heat to low. Cover and cook 8 to10 minutes.nTurn off stoup and ladle into shallow bowls. Top with basil for a sweet finish and balance to the spice in the soup or arugula for a peppery finish or with spinach for a woodsy finish. At the table, pass grated cheese for sprinkling on top of the stoup and bread for mopping up the bowl., ingredients: [1 package boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 to 1 13 pounds, diced, Coarse salt and black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 russet potatoes, peeled and cubed into 1inch squares, 4 portobello mushroom caps or 16 cremini mushrooms, sliced or chopped, 4 ribs celery hearts, chopped, 1 medium onion, peeled and quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup dry Italian red wine, eyeball it, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 28ounce can fireroasted crushed tomatoes, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 3 or 4 sprigs, 1 cup basil, arugula or baby spinach leaves, shredded or torn, Grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, to pass at table, Crusty bread, to pass at the table], title: Chicken Cacciatore Stoup, picturelink: IO9uCUP9SE6IfiIqVvnmb.XqH6HOO}, 37295: {instructions: In a small saucepan, cook the garlic in the olive oil for 30 minutes on low heat. Stir occasionally to keep the garlic from drying out. In a medium saucepan, add the butter and tomatoes, and stir until well blended and the butter is melted. Stir in the garlic oil and season with salt and pepper. Allow the flavors to meld for 10 minutes. Toss with the spaghetti and serve garnished with basil and Parmesan., ingredients: [9 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup olive oil, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked al dente, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Garlic Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 37296: {instructions: Preheat charcoal grill to medium heat.nBring vinegar to a boil in a 2quart saucepan. Reduce heat simmer, uncovered, 9 to 10 minutes or until reduced to 13 cup. Set aside.nMeanwhile lightly shape ground beef into eight 12inchthick patties.nBrush polenta slices with oil. Place patties in center of grill over medium, ashcovered coals and arrange the polenta around the patties. Grill patties and polenta, uncovered, 11 to 12 minutes or until patties are medium 160 degrees F doneness, not pink in center and juices show no pink color and polenta is heated through, turning once and basting patties with 2 tablespoons reduced vinegar after turning. Season burgers with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor each serving, layer 1 each polenta slice, burger, mozzarella slice and tomato slice.nDrizzle with remaining vinegar and sprinkle with basil, as desired., ingredients: [23 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 12 pounds ground beef, One 16 to 18ounce package refrigerated prepared polenta, cut into 8 slices, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce package fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 8 slices, 2 medium tomatoes, cut into 4 slices each, Thinly sliced fresh basil leaves], title: Caprese Polenta Burger Small Plates, Big Taste, picturelink: null}, 37297: {instructions: To each slice of bread, place 1 slice of mozzarella and 1 slice of tomato. Season with salt and pepper. Place in a toaster oven and toast for 3 minutes, or until cheese begins to melt. Remove from the toaster oven and top with torn basil and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [4 slices dense white bread, 1 tomato, sliced, 14 pound mozzarella cheese, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup basil leaves, torn, Extra virgin olive oil], title: Caseys Panini, picturelink: mK1yroNg.iU0IOyioess0Nc4YuEcOqC}, 37298: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt butter, saute onion do not brown. In a food processor or blender, combine onions, chicken broth, almonds, cheese and 1 tablespoon oil. Process until smooth paste forms adding additional oil until desired consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Sauce can be stored in refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 2 Vidalia onions, chopped, 13 cup hot chicken broth, 14 cup sliced almonds, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, 1 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and white pepper, to taste], title: Vidalia Onion Pesto, picturelink: null}, 37299: {instructions: Special equipment: Hickory smoking chipsnIn a medium sized bowl, combine milk, rosemary, garlic and salt and pepper. Place each pork chop in the bowl and allow the meat to marinate for approximately 12 hour.nOver an openflame grill, sear each side of the pork chops until black grill marks form.nRemove the meat from the grill. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and place hickory smoking chips in the bottom of the pan. Cover the chips with a lid, which is slightly smaller than the pan, and then place each pork chop on top of the lid. This will allow the meat to smoke and become infused with the hickory flavor. Smoke the meat until it is fork tender. Serve with potatoes, pears and onion straws. Garnish with red pepper and mushroom strips.nIn a large pot, add the potatoes. Cover with water and bring to a rolling boil. Boil the potatoes until they are soft. Drain the water from the pot and place the potatoes in a medium sized bowl. Add all of the remaining ingredients to the bowl and mash together until you reach the desired creaminess. Set aside.nIn a medium sized saute pan, combine all of the ingredients over medium heat and saute until the pears soften and the sauce thickens. Set aside.nIn a medium sized bowl, combine milk, oil, salt and pepper. Slice an onion into long strips and place them into the milk mixture. Shake off any excess liquid, and then dredge the onion strips in flour. Heat oil over mediumhigh heat in a medium sized saute pan. Place the dredged onions into the saute pan and cook until they are brown and slightly crispy. Set aside.nThoroughly clean the skin of the red bell pepper. Rub olive oil lightly over the entire surface of the skin. Place the whole pepper on an open flame and roast it until the skin is blackened. Remove the pepper from the flame and rub the charred skin with a towel. Once the skin is removed, slice the pepper into thin strips and serve with the pork chops.nThoroughly clean the skin of the baby mushroom. Rub the entire surface generously with garlic, olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Place the whole mushroom into a steamer and allow it to steam for approximately 20 minutes, or until tender. Remove the mushroom from the steamer and slice into strips. Serve with the pork chops., ingredients: [2 cups milk, Rosemary sprigs, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 3 medium pork chops, Yucon Gold,Garlic and Bleu Cheese Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Caramelized Pears, recipe follows, Onion Straws, recipe follows, Steamed Baby Portobello Mushroom, recipe follows, Roasted Red Pepper, recipe follows, Yukon gold potatoes, approximately 2 pounds, cubed, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 cup milk, 1 cup chicken stock, Bleu cheese, to taste, Salt and pepper, 2 pears, sliced, 1 cup apple juice concentrate, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 14 cup milk, Olive oil, 2 tablespoons, Salt and pepper, 1 Vidalia onion, sliced, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 red pepper, whole, Olive oil, for rubbing, 1 baby portobello mushroom, whole, 1 garlic clove, chopped, Olive oil, for rubbing, Salt and pepper], title: Hickorysmoked Pork Chops with Bleu Cheese Mashed Potatoes and Caramelized Pears and Onion Straws, picturelink: null}, 37300: {instructions: Cut meat into strips a little less than 14inch thick. Place strips in a shallow bowl. Combine salt, pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder in a small bowl. Rub spice mixture into strips. Cover loosely with plastic wrap, and marinate for 48 hours in the refrigerator. Remove a rack from the oven. Preheat the oven to 115 degrees. Remove the strips from the marinade and lay them directly on the oven rack so that air can circulate around them. Line the bottom of the oven with aluminum foil to catch the drippings. Place the rack in the oven, leaving it partially open to maintain a constant temperature of 110 to 115 degrees. Leave the jerky in the oven until well dried, 6 to 8 hours.nNote: The USDA recommends cooking the beef jerky at 160 degrees for the first 4 hours and then reducing the temperature to 130 degrees during the dehydrating process., ingredients: [1 tablespoon onion powder, 3 pounds top round London Broil, trimmed of fat, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder], title: Beef Jerky, picturelink: null}, 37301: {instructions: Make the ice cream: Whisk the egg yolks, sugar and salt in a bowl until pale yellow. Transfer to a saucepan and whisk in the milk. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until almost simmering the mixture should be thick enough to coat a spoon. Stir in the maple syrup. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes.nMake the bacon brittle: Butter a rimmed baking sheet. Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 5 minutes per side transfer to paper towels to drain. Let the bacon cool, then very finely chop.nCook the sugar in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until it melts and turns golden, about 4 minutes. If lumps form, remove from the heat and continue stirring until melted. Continue to cook, stirring, until light amber, about 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and immediately stir in the butter. Carefully stir in the baking soda, then the bacon and chile powder. Pour onto the prepared baking sheet and let cool until set, about 15 minutes. Break into bitesize pieces, then smash about onethird of the brittle into shards with a meat mallet or heavy skillet. Reserve the remaining brittle in a container for up to 3 days.nStir the cream into the chilled custard. Churn in an ice cream maker. Stir in the bacon brittle shards. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup maple syrup, preferably grade B, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet, 3 strips smoked bacon, preferably Nueskes brand, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon chipotle chile powder or a pinch of cayenne pepper], title: MapleBacon Crunch Ice Cream, picturelink: moJUPVNF4LKTxE6Odq41mramNhR1C}, 37302: {instructions: In a soup pot, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots, carrot, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in lentils and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 10 minutes. Puree with immersion blender to thicken.nStir in potatoes and ham, cover, and simmer until potatoes are softened, 10 minutes longer. To serve, ladle soup into bowls and swirl in parsley puree.nCombine garlic, salt, pepper, and parsley in a blender or food processor preferably small model and process until pureed.nYield: about 13 cup, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 shallots, minced, 1 medium carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 medium celery rib, finely chopped, 1 cup lentils, rinsed and picked over, 6 cups chicken stock, homemade, or storebought reducedsodium, 12 pound red potatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 12 cups cubed ham, Parsley puree, recipe follows, 3 garlic cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 13 cup minced fresh parsley], title: Hearty Lentil Soup with Ham and Potatoes, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 37303: {instructions: In a large pitcher, add the cranberries, mint, orange, and sugar. Muddle them with a wooden spoon, working out the juices of the fruit and dissolving the sugar. Add the sparkling water and stir to combine. Pour the mixture over ice and garnish with a slice of orange, some cranberries, and a sprig of mint. For the adults, add the white rum., ingredients: [12 12ounce bag cranberries, plus more for garnish, 1 bunch fresh mint, saving some for garnish, 1 orange sliced, saving some for garnish, 13 cup sugar, 1 liter sparkling water, White rum, optional], title: Merry Mojitos, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 37304: {instructions: Combine the basil, pine nuts, garlic, and oil in a food processor and blend until a paste forms.nAdd the Parmesan cheese, Pecorino cheese, salt, and pepper and pulse until smooth.nThis is a crucial moment for your pesto, as you need to season with salt and pepper. Keep in mind that Parmigiano and Pecorino are both dry and salty cheeses, you have to taste your sauce a few times in order not to go overboard when you are seasoning it.nCover the pesto and keep in the refrigerator until youre ready to use it.nMix the pasta and the pesto, serve garnished with some grated Parmesan just a touch, fresh ground pepper and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [4 cups about 4 ounces fresh basil leaves, 13 cup toasted pine nuts, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Pecorino Sardo or Romano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: Cooked pasta.], title: Fresh Pesto, picturelink: null}, 37305: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the yeast with 14 cup lukewarm water and 1 tablespoon of sugar. Mix until the yeast dissolves then set aside for 5 minutes. Stir in the milk, vanilla, eggs, and butter and reserve.nIn a large bowl, mix the flour with 113 cup sugar, salt, and nutmeg. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour the yeast and milk mixture into the well. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry, forming a soft, smooth dough. Cover the dough with a clean towel and set aside to rise in a warm place until dough doubles in size, about 1 hour.nPunch the dough down, then with oiled fingers, pinch off pieces about the size golf balls. Place the dough balls on greased baking sheets. Cover the malasadas with a clean towel and set aside to rise in a warm place for about 15 minutes.nIn a heavy, highsided pot, heat a bout 2 inches of oil over mediumhigh until the oil reaches 325 degrees F. Working in small batches, fry the malasadas until they are uniformly golden brown, 7 to 10 minutes per batch. Drain the malasadas on a plate lined with paper towels just until they are cool enough to handle then roll them in cinnamon sugar and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoon dry active yeast, 14 cup warm water, 1 tablespoon sugar plus 13 cup sugar, 23 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 eggs, well beaten, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, Vegetable oil, for frying, Cinnamonsugar for coating about 14 cup sugar mixed with cinnamon to taste], title: Malasadas, picturelink: null}, 37306: {instructions: Score one end of each tomato and drop them into the boiling salty water until the skin starts to peel off about 20 seconds. Then shock them in a bath of ice water. With a small knife peel off the skin it should come off quite easily. Slice the tomatoes lengthwise and remove the seeds with a spoon. Lay the tomatoes face down on a baking tray covered with parchment paper. Sprinkle salt and cracked pepper and remember to season every tomato. Roughly chop the rosemary and thyme and sprinkle over tomatoes. Sweeten the tomatoes with a light dusting of confectioners sugar sprinkling through a wire strainer will help an even dusting with no clumping. Drizzle olive oil over top, again making sure to get some on every tomato.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Put the pan in the oven and cook for about 8 hours., ingredients: [10 Roma tomatoes, Pot boiling salty water, 1 bowl water and ice, 2 sprigs rosemary, 2 sprigs thyme, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Confectioners sugar, Olive oil], title: Chucks SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 37307: {instructions: Render chorizo in a saucepan that is large enough for risotto. Remove chorizo but leave fat in the pan. Add the olive oil and cook the onions until translucent.nAdd the rice. Stir for about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the wine and cook down. Start adding the stock, two ounces at a time, keeping the heat on low.nStir constantly with a wooden spoon until cooked, should be al dente. Finish with butter, cheese, peas, and chorizo., ingredients: [1 cup minced sweet chorizo, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small white onion, minced, 2 cups Carnaroli rice or Arborio, if not available, 2 cups red wine, 4 cups chicken stock, warmed, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups grated Mancego, plus more, for garnish, 1 cup peas, frozen, fresh, or canned, Chopped parsley, as a garnish], title: Red Wine Risotto with Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 37308: {instructions: Combine butter, evaporated milk, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a hard boil for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in the chocolate until melted and smooth. Fold in the almonds and marshmallows. Pour into an 8 by 8inch square baking pan. Chill until firm, about 2 to 4 hours. Cut into 12 squares., ingredients: [13 cup unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 1 cup evaporated milk, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 cup mini marshmallows], title: Rocky Road Fudge, picturelink: null}, 37309: {instructions: Special equipment: Decorative toothpicksnToss the giardineria, brine, green and kalamata olives, pepperoncini, onion, parlsey, olive oil and garlic together in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour the mixture can be made up to a day ahead.nSlice the hoagie roll in half lengthwise, leaving the bottom half slightly thicker than the top half. Put both sides cutside up and spread the mayonnaise evenly over the two. Top each side with the olive salad and drizzle with any remaining liquid from the bowl.nShingle half of the provolone on the bottom bun, top with the mortadella fold the meat as needed to fit, ham, and salami and finish with the remaining provolone. Carefully flip the top bun onto the bottom and press together. Wrap and refrigerate 2 hours. Slice into 12 to 14 small sandwiches, skewering each with a toothpick., ingredients: [3 cups drained giardineria, chopped, plus 12 cup giardineria brine, 12 cup pitted pimentostuffed green olives, sliced, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, sliced, 12 cup drained pepperoncini rings, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, One 24inch or two 12inch soft hoagie rolls, 14 cup mayonnaise, 34 pound sliced provolone, 12 pound sliced mortadella, 12 pound sliced deli ham, 14 pound sliced Genoa salami], title: Pickley Muffuletta Sub, picturelink: null}, 37310: {instructions: Clean the collard greens and Swiss chard thoroughly by washing them in a bath of cold water. Chop the greens into 1inch wide pieces. In an 8quart stock pot, over mediumlow heat, add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and the garlic and saute until slightly brown.nAdd the greens, the vegetable stock, the salt, cracked black pepper, hot sauce, sugar, and apple cider vinegar. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook covered, for 2 hours. Using tongs, toss the greens periodically.nTo create mini casseroles, divide the greens evenly among 4ounce soup bowls or vessels and top each with some of the sundried tomatoes.nIn a nonstick 8inch saute pan, over low heat, add some olive oil and fry the duck eggs, over easy, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Using a spatula, top each casserole with a fried egg. Garnish each with a teaspoon of apple butter and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 bunches collard greens, 2 bunches Swiss chard, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for frying eggs, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 gallon vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 2 cups chopped preserved sundried tomatoes, 6 duck eggs, 6 teaspoons apple butter], title: Mini Vegetable Casserole Topped with a Fried Duck Egg and Apple Butter, picturelink: null}, 37311: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks, red onion and tarragon and saute until the onion mix is soft, about 10 minutes. Add the wine, raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. Let the liquid cook off, add the salt and pepper, and remove from the heat and set aside. Let cool before using. Unfold 1 pastry sheet and lay it on a lightly floured surface. Brush 1 edge with the egg wash and overlap the other sheet by 2 inches. Roll the pastry out until its big enough to fold around the salmon. Spoon the cooled leek mixture down the center of the pastry, place the salmon on top of the leeks and fold the pastry over the salmon. Egg wash the edges to seal and press well. Place the salmon parcel seam side down on a sheet pan. Brush with egg wash and place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until the pastry is puffed and golden brown. Remove from the oven and let sit for 15 minutes before slicing. Slice and serve with Dijon Whipped Cream. Chef: Dan Smith and Steve McDonaghnPour the cream into a chilled stainless steel bowl and whisk until soft peaks begin to form. Add the mustard, salt and pepper and continue to whisk until stiff peaks form. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 3 leeks, washed and sliced, 1 red onion, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons dried tarragon, 12 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 puff pastry sheets, thawed, Flour, for dusting surface, 1 egg plus 2 teaspoons water, for egg wash, 1 3pound salmon fillet, skin removed, Dijon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper], title: Salmon Wellington, picturelink: jWgHnhcjs7RqrJ7gz1nQKY2ZXA.Cyqu}, 37312: {instructions: In a food processor, grind the olives, chile, single garlic clove, capers, 1 teaspoon black pepper, fresh oregano, and 12 cup olive oil together. Cover and set aside.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nMake sure the lamb leg is cleaned well and any hard fat is trimmed off. Make 8 slits in the leg and stuff them with the rosemary sprigs and remaining sliced garlic. Rub the leg with the remaining olive oil, dry oregano, lemon, salt, and pepper. Roast for about 30 minutes. Lower heat to 375 degrees. Add water to the pan if needed. Cook until the internal temperature of the lamb is 120 to 135 degrees F, about 3 12 hours. Remove from the pan and let rest for 10 minutes. Skim the fat from the pan juices and pour into a bowl. Use for another time, this juice can be frozen. Slice the lamb as thinly as possible.nToast the pita bread and spread the goat cheese on the inside of the pita. Pile in about 4 to 5 slices of the lamb and top with the olive spread and arugula. Serve room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, 1 Calabrian chile, chopped, 1 clove garlic, plus 3 cloves garlic, sliced thinly, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 12 cup olive oil, plus 14 cup, 1 teaspoon black pepper, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 5 to 6pound leg of lamb, 8 small sprigs rosemary, 1 tablespoon dry crushed oregano, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 pitas, halved, 12 cup goat cheese, softened, 8 ounces arugula], title: Leg of Lamb OpenFaced Sandwich with Black Olive Saltsa: Arni Psito, picturelink: null}, 37313: {instructions: Warm a griddle or nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Then add 1 tablespoon butter until warmed. Next, add the bread in batches to the griddle and allow to brown or crisp on the first side, 1 to 2 minutes. After browning, flip the bread and repeat the process on the second side. Season with salt and pepper. Remove after browning and serve., ingredients: [14 cup clarified unsalted butter, 6 slices fresh thicksliced Texas toast BBQ sliced bread, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Griddled Texas Toast, picturelink: null}, 37314: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the beans, garlic, lemon juice, 13 cup olive oil, and parsley in the work bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the mixture is coarsely chopped. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the bean puree to a small bowl.nCut each pita in half and then into 8 wedges. Arrange the pita wedges on a large baking sheet. Pour the remaining oil over the pitas. Toss and spread out the wedges evenly. Sprinkle with the oregano, salt, and pepper. Bake for 8 to 12 minutes, or until toasted and golden in color.nServe the pita toasts warm or at room temperature alongside the bean puree., ingredients: [1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 13 cup olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons, 14 cup loosely packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 pitas, 1 teaspoon dried oregano], title: White Bean Dip with Pita Chips, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 37315: {instructions: For the duck:nScore the top of the duck breast in a crisscross pattern. Mix the garam masala, five spice powder, and salt in a bowl and liberally season the duck on both sides.nHeat a saute pan on high heat. Char the grapes until they almost split open, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the Zinfandel and reduce the juices into a syrup on medium heat, about 15 minutes. Add the demiglace. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn a large saute pan over medium high heat, cook the duck, fat side down, with no oil, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Turn the breast over and brown again, about 5 minutes. The duck should be served rare to medium rare, but if you desire more cooking, bake it in a 350 degree F oven until desired doneness, for medium about 15 minutes.nRemove from heat and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing on the bias. Spoon sauce over the duck prior to service.nFor the Spaetzle:nIn an electric mixer, add the flour, salt, pepper and nutmeg. On slow speed, drop 1 egg at a time, until the mixture is smooth, then add the yolks. Add the milk and the melted butter. Let the mixture relax for at least a half an hour.nOver boiling water, squeeze the batter through a spaetzle press, once it floats, spoon it out into a cold water bath to stop the cooking process. When ready to serve, saute in butter and season with more salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [1 whole magret duck breast, trimmed of 90 percent of the fat, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 2 teaspoons fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 bunch red seedless grapes, removed from stems, 2 cups zinfandel red wine, 2 cups demiglace, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 112 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 7 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 13 cup milk, 3 tablespoons melted butter, plus more for sauteing], title: Magret Duck Breast, picturelink: null}, 37316: {instructions: SCHARFFEN BERGER Chocolate Frosting:nPlace the chocolate and butter in a medium bowl and set aside. Bring the cream, sugar, and salt to a simmer in a large saucepan. Simmer for 4 minutes, stirring frequently. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Whisk just until the chocolate is completely melted and the mixture is smooth and glossy. Set aside to cool at room temperature, without stirring for 2 to 3 hours, or until the frosting is cool and thick enough to spread. Or, refrigerate the frosting for about 45 minutes or more but not until it is hard without stirring, then let it stand at room temperature until it is the desired consistency.nSCHARFFEN BERGER Chocolate Cupcakes:nPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix the flour, cocoa powder, sugar, baking soda, and salt together thoroughly. Add the butter, eggs, and vanilla and beat on medium speed for one minute. Add half of the water and beat for 20 seconds. Scrape the sides of the bowl and add the remaining water. Beat for 2030 seconds until the batter is smooth. The batter will be thin enough to pour. Divide it evenly among the lined cups. Bake 1822 minutes rotating the pan from front to back halfway through the baking time, just until a toothpick inserted into a few of the cupcakes comes out clean. Set the pan on a rack to cool. Frost the cupcakes when they are completely cool. Store and serve at room temperature.nTIP: For light tender cupcakes, spoon flour and cocoa lightly into measuring cups instead of dipping the cups into the flour or cocoa and then sweep the measures level without tapping or shaking them., ingredients: [strong, Scharffen Berger Chocolate Cupcakes:, strong, 1 cup 4.5 ounces all purpose flour, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons 7.3 ounces sugar, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons 1.5 ounces SCHARFFEN BERGER Unsweetened Natural Cocoa Powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and warm, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup hot water, Equipment:, 1 cup cupcake pan with 12 cups, lined with paper liners, Electric mixer hand held or stand mixer, SCHARFFEN BERGER Chocolate Frosting:, Ingredients:, 3 ounces unsweetened SCHARFFEN BERGER 99 unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 4 tablespoons 2 ounces unsalted butter, cut into several pieces, 23 cup heavy cream, 23 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt], title: SCHARFFEN BERGER Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 37317: {instructions: Cut the leeks, potato, onion, celery, zucchini, green beans, and carrots into 14inch dice.nIn a 6quart stockpot, combine 3 tablespoons of the olive oil with the water. Add the vegetables and saute over mediumlow heat until all the water evaporates. Do not brown the vegetables.nAdd the stock and bring to a boil. Cook at a gentle boil for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a food processor fitted with the metal blade, put the tomatoes, basil, garlic, and remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Pulse until pureed.nStir the puree into the cooked soup. Do not let the soup return to a boil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve the soup hot or cold from a tureen or in individual bowls., ingredients: [2 small leeks, white part only, 1 large potato, peeled, 1 small onion, 2 stalks celery, 1 medium zucchini, 12 green beans, 2 medium carrots, peeled, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons water, 12 gallon chicken stock or 12 gallon water, 4 bouillon cubes, a pinch of thyme, and 12 bay leaf, 6 ripe tomatoes, peeled and seeded, 4 medium garlic cloves, 30 fresh basil leaves, washed and dried, Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetable Soup with Sweet Basil, picturelink: null}, 37318: {instructions: Cream together the ricotta, granulated sugar, butter and egg and in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the flour, baking powder, vanilla and orange zest and mix on low until a smooth dough forms. Refrigerate until firm, 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nScoop tablespoonsized balls of dough and arrange them 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, rotating halfway through, 15 minutes. Let cool on baking sheets, 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar and milk until a smooth glaze forms. Dip the tops of cooled cookies, and let sit until the glaze hardens.nCookies can be stored in an airtight container for 5 days, or frozen for 3 weeks., ingredients: [2 cups ricotta, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Zest of 1 large orange, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk], title: Orange Ricotta Cookies, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 37319: {instructions: With a whisk or handheld mixer, whip the cream in a bowl until very thick but still liquid. Add the amaretto and whip until soft peaks form.nPut 2 scoops of gelato into a serving dish. Sprinkle a tablespoon of the almonds over the gelato and top with a dollop of the flavored whipped cream. Rub 12 an amaretti cookie along a fine grater over the whipped cream to garnish. Repeat with remaining ingredients and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 1 pint espresso gelato, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 2 amaretti cookies I love the cute wrapped Lazzaroni kind, 1 pint heavy whipping cream], title: Affogato Sundae, picturelink: Cc5rbCKCV55laXCNyg8fyuZjLZBgNle}, 37320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeparate the lettuce into cups and reserve.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the canola oil in a skillet and saute the corn over mediumhigh heat until light golden at edges. Season with salt and pepper. To the same skillet, add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp begin to turn pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and seafood seasoning and toss 1 to 2 minutes. Add the vinegar and heads up u00bf keep your head back to avoid a sinus attack Add in the lime zest, agave and Sriracha. Toss and remove to a serving plate.nDress the avocado with the lime juice.nServe the shrimp with the lettuce for taco building. Fill the lettuce with the shrimp and top with scallions, avocado and cilantro., ingredients: [2 heads Bibb lettuce or 1 head iceberg lettuce, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 ear corn, kernels scraped from cob or 12 to 34 cup frozen organic kernels, defrosted, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds shrimp, deveined and tails removed, coarsely chopped or halved, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 inch fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, white wine vinegar or distilled vinegar, 1 lime, juiced and zested, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 1 to 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 1 avocado, diced, 1 small bunch scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish, Cilantro leaves], title: Sweet n Spicy Shrimp Lettuce Tacos, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 37321: {instructions: In a medium pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the apples and cook until browned. Add the brown sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon, raisins, and the apple juice and bring to a simmer. In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and water and stir until the cornstarch is dissolved. Add the cornstarch slurry to the pan and bring to a simmer again. Cook while stirring until thickened, about 5 minutes.nDivide the mixture among 4 serving bowls. Top each bowl with crushed granola, a scoop of ice cream, a dollop of whipped cream, and a cherry. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, 12 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, Pinch nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup apple juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 3 ounces crushed granola, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream, 4 dollops whipped cream, 4 maraschino cherries], title: Apple Grunt, picturelink: null}, 37322: {instructions: Cook penne according to package directions. Drain and set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and garlic and cook 3 minutes, until soft. Add broccoli, carrots and mushrooms and cook 3 minutes, until mushrooms soften. Add chicken, red peppers, tomatoes, and broth and bring to a simmer. Stir in penne and peas cook 2 minutes to heat through and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Transfer mixture to a serving plate and top with Parmesan and basil., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup chopped red onion, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups broccoli florets, 1 cup sliced carrots, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 cooked chicken breast halves, diced about 2 cups, 1 cup diced roasted red peppers, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 cup frozen green peas, thawed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves], title: Personal Penne Primavera, picturelink: QMAoi58T6P627ekyNGArPKvqMqbmusm}, 37323: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the beef and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste and chili powder and cook, stirring, about 2 more minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the refried beans in a small saucepan. Thin the sour cream with about 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl.nSpread the beans on the tostadas, then top with the beef and cheese. Drizzle with the sour cream. Top with lettuce, hot sauce andor cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 small red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 pound ground beef, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 15ounce can refried beans, 13 cup sour cream, 8 corn tostadas flat, hard taco shells, 1 12 cups shredded monterey jack cheese, Shredded lettuce, hot sauce andor cilantro, for topping], title: Beef Tostadas, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 37324: {instructions: Halve the eggs lengthwise, force the yolks through a fine sieve into a bowl, and stir in the mustard, the mayonnaise, the vinegar, the hot sauce, the parsley, and the capers. Stir in enough of the water to reach the desired consistency, add salt and pepper to taste, and mound the filling in the egg whites., ingredients: [10 hardboiled eggs, 14 cup spicy brown mustard, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon whitewine vinegar, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon drained bottled capers, 2 to 3 tablespoons water], title: Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 37325: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, vanilla, salt and cinnamon until well blended.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Remember, butter burns very quickly. Dip each side of the bread in the egg mixture and gently shake off excess egg batter. Do not over soak the bread, or it will be soggy. When the butter begins to foam, add the eggsoaked bread to the pan. Cook over mediumhigh heat. Peek under the edges of the bread with a spatula and flip when the toast is golden brown. Repeat. Keep warm between 2 plates on the stove top or in a 150 to 200 degree F oven.nGarnish the top of each slice of French toast with 1 to 2 tablespoons of Honey Creme Fraiche, drizzle with lavender honey and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon of toasted almonds. Repeat the process with the remaining slices of bread.nIn a medium bowl combine all of the ingredients and whisk well., ingredients: [4 eggs, 12 cup heavy cream or whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 to 5 tablespoons butter, 1 French baguette, sliced 14inch thick on the bias, Honey Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 12 cup lavender honey, for garnish, 1 cup toasted sliced almonds, garnish, 2 cups creme fraiche, 12 cup freshly whipped heavy cream, 12 cup lavender honey, 1 pinch kosher salt], title: French Toast Crostini with Honey Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 37326: {instructions: Place oil in a deep skillet until it comes about 1inch up the side of the pan. Heat oil to 360 degrees F.nMix buttermilk, egg, and hot sauce in a medium bowl. Mix flour, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a bag. Pat onion slices dry and dip in the buttermilk mixture to coat. Transfer slices to bag and toss to coat. Deepfry onions in batches until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain, sprinkle immediately with salt, and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 Vidalia onions, sliced into 12inch thick strips], title: Fried Onion Strips, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 37327: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add meat and crumble as it browns. Add chopped hot dogs after 3 to 4 minutes then cook 3 to 4 minutes more. Add the onions to the pan and cook to soften, 5 to 6 minutes more. In a bowl mix the spices, sugar, Worcestershire and tomato sauce. Pour sauce over the meat and simmer a few minutes to combine flavors. Slop onto buns and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds lean ground sirloin or ground turkey, 1 packages beef or pork hot dogs, sliced 12inch thick, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon steak seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 14.5ounce can tomato sauce, 9 soft burger rolls  like at the ballpark], title: Sloppy Joe Di Maggios  Serves a whole team of 9 little leaguers, picturelink: MGnj7uLwc1dMVh6mV6aIri6MsUNt0a}, 37328: {instructions: Place the water in a large bowl or mixer with a dough hook. Dissolve the yeast in the water. Add the remaining ingredients and mix on low speed until a ball is formed. Change to medium speed and mix approximately for 1 to 2 minutes until a smooth and elastic dough is formed. Remove the dough from the bowl, cut the dough into 2 portions, roll into tight balls and place on a lightly oiled sheet pan. Cover and let proof for a minimum of 4 hours.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Once the dough has been prepared, spread the dough out with a rolling pin or just by using your hands. Top each round with 2 cups of the sauce, 2 cups of the spinach, 1 cup of the Parmesan, 6 slices of the bacon, and 1 tablespoon of the truffle oil and bake for approximately 15 minutes until crispy. Crack 1 egg in the center of the pizza and place in the oven for an additional 5 minutes until egg is cooked. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. To serve, cut slice and serve while hot and egg is runny., ingredients: [8 ounces water, 18ounce yeast, 14ounce salt, 1 pound bread flour, 18 cup olive oil, 18 cup cornmeal, 4 cups tomato sauce, 4 cups shredded spinach, 2 cups grated Parmesan, 12 slices Canadian bacon or regular bacon, cooked until crispy, 2 tablespoons truffle oil, 2 eggs], title: Pizza with Prosciutto, Spinach, Truffle Oil, and Egg, picturelink: J9BmHEIZ1j7fWxnwippfXQc7iQqCg2e}, 37329: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace chicken thighs and legs on a sheet pan. Lightly coat with oil and roast until golden, about 35 to 45 minutes.nCoat a large, deep stock pot lightly with olive oil. Add the onions, celery, carrots and garlic to the pot and bring it to a medium high heat. Cook the vegetables stirring frequently until they start to get soft and are very aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the oven and add to the pot of vegetables along with the bay leaves and thyme. Fill the pot with water. Place the pot on a burner on high heat. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Eventually a gray scum will form on the top of the water. Skim the scum and the fat off the top of the water. Simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours. Refill the water as it evaporates.nStrain stock and discard the chicken and veggies. Store the stock in smallish containers, plastic pint and quart containers from Chinese take out are perfect Recycle If not using right away freeze for later use., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken thighs and legs, skins removed, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, cut into 1inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 1inch dice, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch dice, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 bay leaves, 10 sprigs thyme], title: Basic Chicken Stock, picturelink: KvM4US.Nvh52IojivQG3T32A4rNxpq}, 37330: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 3 9inch round cake pans with cooking spray. In large bowl, cream together the butter, light brown sugar, and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the eggs, mashed bananas, sour cream, and vanilla until smooth.nIn a separate bowl sift together the flour, baking soda, and 12 teaspoon salt. Add the sifted ingredients to the batter.nStir in nuts, if using, and chocolate chips. Divide the batter evenly among the prepared pans. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool the cakes in the pans for 10 to 15 minutes and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the frosting: Prepare the frosting by whipping the cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla together until creamy. Increase the mixing speed, then slowly pour in the heavy cream and beat until smooth and thick and the frosting is the consistency of whipped cream. Store in the refrigerator until you are ready to use.nTo assemble the cake, place 1 cake layer on a cake plate. Spread with 12 the container of chocolatehazelnut spread and top with a thin layer of whipped cream cheese frosting, about 12 cup. Repeat with the second layer, using the remaining 12 of the chocolatehazelnut spread and 12 cup whipped frosting.nTop with the final cake layer and frost or decorate with the remaining whipped frosting. Garnish, as desired., ingredients: [34 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 6 mediumsize ripe bananas, mashed, 1 16ounce container sour cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking soda, Salt, 1 cup chopped pecans, optional, 1 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, 1 13ounce container chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 1 8ounce block cream cheese, softened, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups heavy whipping cream], title: Monkey Tail Banana Cake, picturelink: null}, 37331: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 4quart pot until shimmering. Add the onion and saute until lightly golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the corn, potatoes, sage and chile pepper flakes saute for 1 minute. Season with salt. Stir in the broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 5 minutes.nCarefully pour half the mixture into a blender and puree until smoothremember the soup is hot, so be careful. Stir the pureed mixture back into the pot with the remaining soup. Taste the soup and add more salt, if desired. Ladle into bowls, garnish with a few chile flakes and serve hot.nUsing a sharp knife, cut the kernels off the cob see Cooks Note reserve the kernels for a later use.nUsing the side of a spoon or a butter knife, scrape down the sides of the cobs into a deep stockpot to release the milk and loosen any bits of corn. Add 8 cups water to the pot, along with the salt, peppercorns, garlic, bay leaf and onion. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and let the broth cook for 20 minutes. Let cool slightly.nPour the broth through a finemesh sieve to strain out the vegetables and bits of corn a pot lined with cheesecloth works well too. The broth is now ready to use as a base for soups, stews and sauces. If not using immediately, transfer to glass jars and let cool completely. Store tightly covered in the fridge for up to 1week, or in the freezer for up to 2 months., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped fine, 2 cups cooked corn kernels from 2 large ears, 2 medium Yukon gold potatoes, diced 38 inch thick, 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped, Generous pinch of chile pepper flakes, plus more for garnishing, 12 teaspoon sea salt, plus more as needed, 3 cups vegetable stock or Corn Broth, recipe follows, 5 cooked ears of corn, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 whole peppercorns, black or white, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 medium onion, peeled and cut in half], title: Sweet Corn Chowder, picturelink: WhVWBrsYGIoUcZHB1Ocbe33kKIf6C}, 37332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the milk and oats in a blender and blend for 15 seconds on high. Add the peaches, ice, spinach, honey, vanilla and bananas and blend until very smooth, 45 seconds. Serve in glasses., ingredients: [2 cups vanilla almond, coconut or soy milk, 12 cup whole oats, 1 14 cups fresh, frozen or canned peaches, or mango cubes, 1 cup ice cubes, 1 cup baby spinach, loosely packed, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 bananas], title: Green Morning Smoothie, picturelink: 8ZiZ7depna653uzhDpJ3Aqjuq2bVYm2}, 37333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Store in an airtight container. Pack on the dry rub onto your next rack of ribs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon white pepper], title: Rib Dry Rub, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 37334: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pat the short ribs dry and season all over with salt and pepper. Heat the canola oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown the short ribs on both sides, about 8 minutes total. Remove to a plate.nMeanwhile, combine the stock and dried chiles in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and let steep, 15 minutes.nDiscard all but 3 tablespoons oil from the Dutch oven. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Pour in the red wine and port and simmer, stirring, until almost completely reduced, about 12 minutes. Add the thyme and chilestock mixture bring to a simmer and return the short ribs to the pot. Cover, transfer to the oven and cook until the meat is tender, about 2 hours, 30 minutes.nRemove the short ribs to a bowl shred the meat from the bone. Strain the cooking liquid into a degreasing cup and pour off the excess fat. Pour the remaining liquid into a skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes season with salt and pepper. Add the meat and toss to coat. Fill the taco shells with the meat top with cilantro, Queso Sauce, Pickled Onions and Chile Relish.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in 1 tablespoon flour cook 1 minute. Slowly whisk in 1 14 cups warmed whole milk cook, whisking, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in 3 cups grated Monterey jack and 14 cup grated parmesan season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.nBring 34 cup lime juice, 14 cup each red wine vinegar and sugar, and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil in a saucepan. Remove from the heat and let cool, 5 minutes. Toss with 1 thinly sliced red onion in a bowl cover and chill at least 4 hours, stirring occasionally.nBroil 2 poblano peppers until charred on all sides transfer to a bowl, cover and set aside, 10 minutes. Peel, seed and dice. Combine with 4 diced jarred piquillo peppers, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons canola oil, the juice of 1 lime, 14 cup chopped cilantro, and salt and pepper in a bowl let sit at least 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew MCcaul, ingredients: [3 pounds bonein beef short ribs, fat trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 dried ancho chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried New Mexico chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 4 dried cascabel chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 1 large Spanish onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup port, 12 sprigs thyme, 16 hard corn taco shells, Cilantro, for topping, Queso Sauce, recipe follows, for topping, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, for topping, Green Chile Relish, recipe follows for topping], title: Red Chile Short Rib Tacos, picturelink: B7nXwXqknCV385th.enEcZyUMGUCQS}, 37335: {instructions: In a small pan over medium heat, add the coriander and cumin and cook until toasted and aromatic, about 2 minutes. Grind if desired, or leave whole. Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat, and add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the pork and bacon, sprinkle with the toasted spices and a generous pinch of salt, and cook until brown, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, in a medium saute pan over medium heat, add the remaining oil and the onions, cook 1 minute. Add the jalapenos, cook 1 minute. Add the garlic, cook, stirring until the garlic softens slightly and becomes aromatic. Transfer the contents of the pan to the Dutch oven. Add the tomatoes, sugar, vinegar and chipotle in adobo. Simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Serve on your favorite toasted burger or slider bun topped with a big pinch of cilantro., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 14 cup olive oil, 3 pounds mediumground pork butt, 4 ounces bacon, ground or finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded if desired, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces canned chopped San Marzano tomatoes, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 chipotle in adobo, roughly chopped, 4 burger or 12 slider buns, 2 cups fresh cilantro sprigs, leafy tips only, for garnish], title: Chipotle Porky Joe Sliders, picturelink: WeZPDi4i.IOwWQLBl64.wIar22ULP9C}, 37336: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n1 pound slender asparagus, trimmed to 5inch lengths, or a combination of 8 ounces asparagus and 8 ounces yellow or green zucchini, zucchini trimmed and cut on deep diagonal into 13inchthick slices, patted drynFor the sauce: Whisk the mayonnaise, capers, chives, tarragon, lemon juice, mustard, zest and garlic in a small bowl. Add 14 teaspoon hot sauce, or more, if desired. The sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead, covered and chilled.nFor the asparagus: Whisk the flour, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk the beer into the flour mixture until smooth.nPour enough vegetable oil into a heavy large wide saucepan to reach a depth of 3 inches. Attach a deepfry thermometer to the side of the saucepan. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until the temperature registers between 350 degrees F and 360 degrees F.nCoat the asparagus, in batches, in beer batter, allowing any excess batter to drip back into the bowl. Drop the asparagus, in batches, into the hot oil and fry until the batter is deep golden brown and asparagus are crisptender, 2 to 2 12 minutes per batch. Adjust the heat as needed to maintain the oil temperature. Transfer the asparagus using a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.nImmediately mound the asparagus on a serving platter. Place the bowl of dipping sauce alongside and serve while the asparagus are still hot., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, optional, 1 cup selfrising flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup beer, such as amber ale, at room temperature, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: BeerBattered Asparagus, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 37337: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in medium pot on grates of grill or side burners. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains of rice with the oil.nPlace the water in a small pot and bring to a boil. Add the saffron to the onion mixture and let boil 1 minute. Add the boiling water to the rice, stir, add salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover the pot and let cook 12 to 14 minutes or until the rice is just cooked. Let the rice sit, covered for 5 minutes then fluff with fork.nTransfer the rice to a large bowl and add the asparagus, peppers, olives and herbs. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and a few tablespoons of aged sherry vinegar. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for dressing, 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups long grain white rice, 4 cups water, 1 large pinch saffron threads, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 spears asparagus, grilled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 red pepper, fire roasted and diced, 1 yellow pepper, fire roasted and diced, 34 cup salt cured olives, pitted and chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, ie: parsley or cilantro leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons aged Sherry vinegar], title: Saffron Rice Salad, picturelink: PeDvgp4P.kClOtQYcv93l6UwZJMlQ06}, 37338: {instructions: Pour 1 inch of water into a pot large enough to contain all the lobsters. Bring the water to a full boil. Remove the bands from the lobsters claws and place them on their backs over the boiling water. Cover the pot tightly, and steam over high heat about 3 minutes. Quickly remove the lobsters from the pot and chill them rapidly by plunging them into a basin filled with ice and water. Set a wire strainer over a mixing bowl. Twist the tails off the lobsters over the strainer to catch their juices. Shell the lobster tails and claws over the strainer. Cut the tails into 4 quarters, leave the claw and knuckle meats whole, and reserve the lobster meat in a refrigerator.nPeel the potatoes, split each into 4 wedges, and slice the wedges into 12inch slices. In a large nonreacting soup pot, cook the diced bacon over moderate heat until golden and nearly crisp. Pour off all but about a generous tablespoon of the fat. Add the diced leeks, stir, and cook about 2 minutes. Add the potatoes, stir, cover the pot, and continue cooking over moderate heat, stirring frequently to prevent browning, until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes depending upon the potato variety and the thickness of the slices. Chefs Note: I like to mash some of the potatoes with a fork to give the chowder a luxurious but rustic texture, but good mealy potatoes, such as russets, will release some of their substance into the broth, and this step may be unnecessary. Add the strained lobster juices and enough water, lobster or fish stock, to just cover the vegetables. Simmer 4 or 5 minutes. Keep the chowder base hot as you prepare the lobster meat and cream enrichment.nHeat the butter in a wide skillet. Add the lobster meat, season with black pepper, and saute over moderate heat 3 or 4 minutes until the meat is firm, opaque, and pink. Pour in the heavy cream, and rapidly bring it to a simmer. Pour the lobster and cream mixture into the chowder base, and stir gently to combine. Taste for seasonings, and adjust with sea salt preferably from Maine, plenty of freshmilled black pepper, and a pinch of chipotle or cayenne pepper. Off heat, cover the pot and allow the chowder to ripen for 15 or 20 minutes before serving. Ladle into warmed soup plates, and sprinkle snipped chives over each serving. Accompany with plenty of warmed common crackers., ingredients: [4 live Maine chicken lobsters, approximately 1 pound each, 4 medium potatoes recommended: russet, German butterball, or Yukon gold, 2 ounces highquality smoked slab bacon, diced to 14 inch, 2 medium leeks, white part only, rinsed and diced to 12 inch, Several cups water, lobster stock, or fish stock, 2 ounces unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, Sea salt, for seasoning, Pinch ground chipotle or cayenne pepper, for seasoning, Fresh chives, snipped, for garnish, Serving Suggestion: Crackers], title: Christmas Chowder, picturelink: null}, 37339: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons clarified butter in large overproof pan. Pat meat dry and add a little at a time to brown.nIn a separate pan, heat remaining clarified butter. Add onions and lightly brown. Add 2 tablespoons fresh butter, then stir in flour. Cook until lightly browned.nAdd onions to meat and combine well. Add beef stock and stir until sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper. Add Worcestershire sauce, sugar, and bay leaves. Spoon off 12 cup of the gravy and reserve. Lay kidney slices on top, followed by mushrooms, then oysters. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with overlapping potato slices. Season again and add back 12 cup reserved gravy. Roast in oven for 1 hour, uncovered.nRemove stew from oven and turn up to broil. Broil hot pot for 2 12 minutes to brown. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 12 pounds lean lamb shoulder, cut into 2inch squares, 4 medium onions, sliced thickly, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup flour, sifted, 2 cups beef stock, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 bay leaves, 4 lamb kidneys, each cut into 4 pieces, 2 cups flat mushrooms, 4 dozen oysters, 4 potatoes, sliced into 14inch rounds, Parsley, chopped], title: Lancashire Hot Pot, picturelink: null}, 37340: {instructions: Toast 2 seeded dried ancho chiles in a skillet, 1 minute soak in 12 cup hot water until soft, 20 minutes. Puree the chiles and liquid with 2 tablespoons toasted almonds, the juice of 1 orange, 1 tablespoon honey and 3 tablespoons mayonnaise until smooth.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Ancho Mayo, picturelink: vSUJFeb2j8FAJRySPJFPUCYXhtRiMy}, 37341: {instructions: Special equipment: Medium mixing bowl Champagne flutesnMARINATED RASPBERRIES: In a medium sized bowl combine the vodka, sugar, Thai chile, and peppercorns, and mix. Add the fresh raspberries and vanilla bean pod, and stir carefully so all the raspberries are covered in vodka marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight.nSHKIAFFING IT TOGETHER: Add 3 marinated raspberries to the bottom of each champagne glass. Pour chilled champagne over the top., ingredients: [12 cup vodka, 14 cup raw sugar, 12 red Thai chile, sliced, 4 peppercorns, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 12 vanilla bean pod, 1 bottle champagne, chilled], title: Remixed Champagne Kirs, picturelink: null}, 37342: {instructions: In a cold metal bowl, beat the whipping cream to the soft peak stage and add the sugar and vanilla extract slowly. As the whipping cream comes up to the hard peak stage, add the whiskey slowly. Sample to insure taste.nIn a food processor, grind 34 of the slivered almonds into a fine powder. Place in a bowl and set aside. Reserve 14 as decoration during final assembly.nAssembly: Begin by placing one wafer on your tray. Paint the top of it with a thin layer of Hersheys sauce. Next add a teaspoon of the ground almonds and spread it evenly. Then add a teaspoon of the whipping cream mixture.nRepeat this until you have 6 layers and top it with a dollop of whipping cream. Add a cherry to the top of each stack and a few whole slivered almonds. Then garnish lightly with the Decor Nonpariels. Cover the completed pan of stacks with a sheet of Glad wrap and put them into the refrigerator overnight.nNote: The whipping cream will soften the wafers. You will need to serve and eat these stacks within the next two or three days. After that the cream starts to harden and they dont taste a good. ENJOYnThis recipe will yield two trays of 24 stacks. Two per person will serve 12. You will need two aluminum roasting pans to hold the completed dessert., ingredients: [4 boxes of Nabisco Famous Wafers, 2 pints of heavy whipping cream, 1 cup of sugar, 3 jiggers of Canadian whiskey use a blended whiskey for better results, 2 teaspoons of real vanilla extract, 1 jar of maraschino Cherries, 1 can of Hersheys chocolate syrup refrigerated, 1 pound of slivered almonds, 1 bottle of Betty Crockers Decor Nonpariels], title: Chocolate Stacks, picturelink: null}, 37343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Fry the hash browns and potato wedges in canola oil in separate skillets according to the package directions until golden brown and crisp. Season with salt and pepper. You can also bake the potatoes in the oven, if you prefer. Drain on paper towels and keep warm.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Throw in the veggies and ham toss around for several minutes, until the onions are just softened. Turn off the heat and allow to stay in the pan.nIn 4 individual ovenproof skillets or one very large one, layer the hash browns, veggieham mixture and grated cheese. Place in the oven for a minute or two, until the cheese is melted. Remove from the oven with an oven mitt, as the skillet will be hot.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a nonstick skillet and fry the eggs to the specifications of your guests.nPlace 5 potato wedges over the top of the melted cheese, then top with 2 eggs per skillet. Spoon salsa or pico de gallo over the top and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Coral Von Zumwalt, ingredients: [8 cups frozen diced or shredded hash browns one 32ounce package, 20 whole frozen mini potato wedges or steak fries, Canola oil, for frying, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced optional, 1 12 cups diced ham, 1 12 cups grated sharp Cheddar cheese, 8 large eggs, Salsa or pico de gallo, for serving], title: The Eggberts Sunriser, picturelink: 0Oe6PLmYDaBIplj34.9uL2R7ay6gd.}, 37344: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, sweat the onions in the olive oil, and when they are translucent, add the celery and carrots. Add the lentils and toss with the vegetables. Add the vegetable broth to cover and the bouquet garni. Bring to a boil and then lower the heat to simmer the lentils until they are soft.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPreheat an ovenproof saute pan large enough to hold the 7ounce fillet, comfortably. On a cutting board, shingle 4 to 5 slices of bacon. Take the fillet and place it at the corner of the bacon. Place the sage leaves on top of the fillet. Wrap the fillet in the bacon. When saute pan is hot, place the bacon wrapped fish into the center of the pan, searing the bacon. After 2 minutes, turn the fish over and place the entire pan into the oven to finish cooking, about 10 minutes.nWhen the lentils are soft, drain off extra liquid and remove the bouquet garni. Remove the fish from the oven and plate. Fold the butter, chopped parsley, tomato concasse, and whipped cream into the lentils and spoon on top of the Chilean sea bass. Garnish with the sage leaves. Serve hot.nPlace the thyme, parsley, black peppercorns, and bay leaves inside the cheesecloth. Secure the herbs and spices within the cheesecloth by tying it into a satchel with the butchers twine., ingredients: [12ounce onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12ounce celery, finely chopped, 12ounce carrot, finely chopped, 5 ounces French lentils ideally Puy lentils, Vegetable broth, to cover, 1 bouquet garni sachet, recipe follows, 1 7ounce Chilean Sea bass fillet, 3 ounces smoked bacon, preferably Applewood, 2 sprigs sage, leaves removed, 1ounce butter, 4 sprigs parsley, leaves removed, cleaned and chopped, 1ounce tomato concasse, 2 ounces stiffly beaten whipped heavy cream, 4 to 5 leaves sage, for garnish, 1ounce thyme, 1ounce parsley, 14ounce black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, Cheesecloth, Butchers twine], title: Applewood Bacon Wrapped Chilean Seabass on Lentils du Puy, picturelink: null}, 37345: {instructions: Bring 2 quarts water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add salt and beans. Allow beans to rehydrate by boiling for 15 minutes, skimming off scum from surface of water, and allowing it to sit, covered, for 1 hour.nHeat oil in a separate pot, and saute onion until it begins to turn translucent. Add 6 cups of water to this pot, and then add rice, allowing to simmer until water is absorbed and rice is soft, about 20 minutes. Stir okra into pot of rice to warm okra. Gently mix rice and okra with beans and tomatoes in a bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 pound dried black beans, rinsed and checked for stones or impurities, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 onion, small dice, 3 cups rice, 1 8ounce bag frozen okra, defrosted, 5 fresh tomatoes, cut into wedges], title: Black Beans and Rice, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 37346: {instructions: Put the sausages in a small skillet with 34 inches of water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and parcook the sausages for 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, warm the stock and saffron in a medium pot over low heat.nHeat a large heavy pot or deep skillet, over mediumhigh heat and add the extravirgin olive oil. When the oil smokes, add the chicken and season liberally with salt and pepper, to taste. Brown the chicken for a couple minutes on each side, then remove it to a plate. Add the parboiled sausage and crisp up the casings, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the sausages and cut them into large chunks. Add the butter to the pot and let it melt.nAdd the pasta to the melted butter and let it toast for a couple minutes, then add the onions and garlic. Season the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste, then add the bay leaf and stir for 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the rice and stir to combine, then deglaze the pot with the white wine, stirring for 30 seconds. Put the chicken and sausages back into the pot, pour in the saffron stock and stir.nCover the pot with a tightfitting lid and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the seafood and tomatoes and cook until the shrimp are opaque, about 3 to 4 minutes more. If using mussels, cook until the mussels are open. Discard any that do not open. Remove the bay and discard. Transfer the paella to a large serving platter, top with basil, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound hot or sweet sausage links, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 healthy pinches saffron threads, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into large pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup orzo pasta or broken bits of thin spaghetti, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 14 cups white rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp or scrubbed mussels or a combination, 1 large ripe tomato, seeded and diced, or 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, drained well, 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, torn or shredded], title: VenetianStyle Paella, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 37347: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCoat a 9inch springform pan with cooking spray. Place ricotta in a food processor and process until smooth and creamy. Add sour cream, Neufchatel, eggs, sugar, flour, vanilla, orange zest and salt. Process until well blended. Pour into the prepared pan and bake until the center is just set, 50 to 55 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool and then cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours.nIn a small saucepan, bring the jam and liqueur or water to a boil, stirring constantly until smooth. Remove sides of pan. Brush the tart with the jam mixture and top with raspberries, flatside down., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 15ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, 12 cup reduced fat sour cream, 4 ounces Neufchatel cheese, or reduced fat cream cheese, softened, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup allfruit seedless raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur or water, 2 6ounce containers fresh raspberries], title: Ricotta Cheesecake with Fresh Raspberries, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 37348: {instructions: Cooks Note: You can also use dried Nora peppers, if Romesco peppers are not available. These are both typical peppers imported from Spain.nPreheat the grill to high heat.nIn a cast iron or grillsafe skillet, toast the nuts until lightly colored and toasted, 3 to 5 minutes, being careful not to burn them or they get very bitter. Remove the nuts and reserve. On the grill, lightly char the tomatoes on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes each side, rotating until all the sides are lightly charred. At the same time on the grill, roast the garlic cutside down until the cut side gets nicely colored and the garlic begins to soften.nAlternatively, if using a conventional oven, place the raw hazelnuts, tomatoes do not core the tomatoes or their liquid will spill out while roasting and garlic cutside down on a baking sheet and roast in a preheated 400 F oven for about 10 minutes. Remove the toasted hazelnuts and reserve. Return the tomatoes and garlic back to the oven for 20 to 30 minutes more. The tomatoes should be deeply roasted and the garlic should be nicely colored on the cut side and begin to soften.nWhen they are ready, remove the tomatoes and the garlic from the grill or oven. When cool enough to handle, peel the tomatoes and set aside.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the hazelnuts and the grilled or toasted bread. Lightly pulse 2 to 3 times until the bread and nuts start to break down, but are not all ground. Add the tomatoes, reconstituted Romesco or Nora peppers and roasted garlic squeeze the cloves out of their skin and lightly process while gradually streaming in the oil, a little at a time, as if making a mayonnaise. Romesco should have both a fine chunky integrity to the sauce and a smooth silky texture. Finally, add the vinegar and season with salt and black pepper or crushed red pepper, if using. Add a little water if the sauce is too thick. The final sauce should be thick and concentrated but still loose., ingredients: [12 cup hazelnuts, 12 ripe vine tomatoes, 1 small head garlic, cut in half crosswise, 3 slices white bread, grilled or toasted until dark golden, 7 dried Romesco peppers, soaked in hot water to reconstitute, 1 cup lightcolored virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 to 2 teaspoons kosher salt or sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper or dried red pepper flakes, crushed in the palm of your hand], title: Salsa Romesco Romesco Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37349: {instructions: Preheat oven 350 degrees F.nIn a deep baking dish, layer the tomatoes, carrots, celery and onion. Distribute the bunch of thyme throughout the vegetables.nHeat grapeseed oil in a 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Season the raw rabbit with salt and pepper and then lightly dust with flour sear on each side for 1 minute. Remove the rabbit from the heat and deglaze pan with the white wine.nPlace the rabbit on top of the vegetables, and pour the deglazing liquid over the top. Place the baking dish in the oven for 1 hour.nServe rabbit over the vegetables., ingredients: [2 cups plum tomatoes, quartered, 2 cups chopped carrots, 2 cups chopped celery, 2 cups chopped onions, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 rabbit legs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 cups dry white wine], title: Braised Rabbit with Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 37350: {}, 37351: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCut the figs in half and wrap a slice of prosciutto around each fig half, with the ends of the prosciutto overlapping. Place each wrapped fig on the baking sheet. Drizzle each fig with olive oil, rosemary, salt and pepper.nCook the figs until the prosciutto is brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [8 fresh green figs, 8 thin slices prosciutto, cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced, Salt and pepper], title: ProsciuttoWrapped Figs, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 37352: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn separate bowl mix dry ingredients such as garlic powder, oregano, cumin, coriander, thyme and salt. Stir mixture with a fork until all the ingredients are well combined and they form a seasoning. This will be used as a rub to ensure the pork is well seasoned throughout. Sprinkle the rub over the tenderloin with a dry hand, then rub the pork with the seasoning over both sides of the meat, pressing gently so the seasoning adheres well to the tenderloin.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat. Add the minced garlic and saute, stirring, for 1 minute. Put tenderloin in the pan and cook for about 10 minutes, searing each side using tongs to turn the meat. Transfer meat to a roasting pan and bake for 20 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt, 1 14 pounds pork tenderloin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic], title: Pork Tenderloin with Seasoned Rub, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 37353: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Combine 2 scallion pieces, the garlic, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup water, the herbs, walnuts, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a blender puree until smooth. Rub 3 tablespoons of the mixture all over the turkey, loosening the skin and rubbing some underneath. Set the rest aside.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey, skinside down, and cook until the skin is golden and slightly crisp, about 3 minutes. Flip the turkey and arrange the potatoes, carrots, eggplant and the remaining scallions around it. Cook until the turkey and vegetables start browning, about 2 minutes. Add 12 cup water and the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar.nTransfer the skillet to the oven. Roast until the vegetables are tender and a thermometer inserted into the center of the turkey registers 165 degrees F, 20 minutes. Slice the turkey serve with the vegetables and the remaining scallionherb sauce. Top with pomegranate seeds.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [12 ounces baby redskinned potatoes, halved, 3 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and cut into 12inch pieces, Pomegranate seeds, for topping, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 clove garlic, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup fresh herbs such as dill, cilantro andor tarragon, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 2 tablespoons pomegranate vinegar or red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 1 34pound skinon, boneless turkey breast], title: Pomegranate Turkey with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 37354: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace mediumsize cast iron skillet 8 inches in diameter in oven to heat.nWhisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder and salt in a mediumsize bowl. Whisk together the milk, 2 tablespoons of the melted butter and the egg in a small bowl. Stir milk mixture into flour mixture until evenly moistened. Fold in corn kernels, pimiento and scallions until evenly distributed.nUsing an oven mitt, carefully remove the hot skillet from the oven. Brush the bottom and sides of hot skillet with the remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter butter will sizzle as soon as it hits the skillet. Pour the batter into the skillet, spreading it to the edges of the pan. Sprinkle top with the paprika. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until the top of the corn bread is golden and begins to crack slightly.nRemove skillet to wire rack and let corn bread cool 10 minutes. Invert skillet onto cutting board remove skillet, leaving corn bread on cutting board. Cut cornbread into wedges and serve warm., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 egg, 1 cup fresh corn kernels about 1 ear of corn or 1 can 7 ounces corn kernels, drained, 1 jar 4 ounces pimiento, drained, 14 cup chopped scallions about 2 mediumsize, Pinch paprika], title: Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 37355: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12cup muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray.nCut the pie crust into 12 pieces and press them evenly into the bottoms and up the sides of the muffin cups to form a crust.nIn a medium bowl with an electric hand mixer, beat together the butter and sugar until fluffy. Add the eggs, pumpkin pie spice, and vanilla and mix well. Stir in the raisins and walnuts. Spoon the mixture evenly into the crusts.nPut the muffin tin onto a baking sheet and bake until the filling is set, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Carefully unmold the tarts, put them onto a rack, and let them cool to room temperature., ingredients: [SM0403H Nonstick cooking spray, 1 9ounce box pie crust mix, prepared according to package directions, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 13 cup brown sugar, packed, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup raisins, roughly chopped, 12 cup walnuts, roughly chopped], title: Walnut Raisin Tartlets, picturelink: y2YBJSosnIknWp4UCDb.i.JAeW7gVm}, 37356: {instructions: Place hot dog on a warm, soft hot dog bun, and top with guacamole., ingredients: [1 steamed allbeef hot dog, 1 soft hot dog bun, 12 cup guacamole], title: Pinks Guacamole Dog, picturelink: null}, 37357: {instructions: In a cup combine the dressing ingredients. Dust the cheese pieces with flour, dip in the egg, then in the crumbs. May be prepared ahead. In a skillet heat the oil at least 12inch deep to about 380 degrees F and fry the cheese quickly until golden on both sides. Or, better use a deepfryer. Drain. Sprinkle the dressing over the cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, 4 teaspoons minced shallots, 2 teaspoons minced parsley, 12 teaspoons small whole or chopped large capers, 12 pound fairly mild melting cheese, such as Spanish Tetilla, Mahon, or goat cheese 12inch thick, Flour, for dusting, 2 eggs, lightly beaten with 2 teaspoons water, Breadcrumbs, Oil, for frying], title: Fried Cheese with Shallot Dressing Queso Frito AlinAdo con Salsa de Escalona, picturelink: null}, 37358: {instructions: Sterilize 3 pint500 ml mason jars and their lids See Cooks Notes.nPlace a large pot onto the stove top and add the vinegar, sugar, ginger, cloves, coriander, cumin, fennel, fenugreek, mustard seeds, smoked paprika, peppercorns, salt, cardamom and garlic. Turn the heat to medium and bring to a boil. Boil until the sugar has dissolved, about 3 minutes. Add the cauliflower, carrots, chilies and onion, and bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and let simmer for 5 minutes.nCarefully spoon the vegetables evenly into the sterilized jars, sliding a chili into each jar, and then top with the hot vinegar. Place the lids firmly in place and leave on a counter top to cool completely. Store the jars in the fridge for up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 cups cider vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 green cardamom pods, 5 garlic cloves, 4 cups cauliflower florets about half a large cauliflower, 2 cups sliced carrots, 3 whole dried red chilies, 1 onion, chopped], title: Cauliflower Pickles, picturelink: null}, 37359: {instructions: Season the sea bream with flaked sea salt, piment despelette and black pepper in a bowl. Add the chile, diced radishes, lemon juice and lime juice. Let this marinate for 5 minutes at room temperature. Check the seasoning and adjust the salt to your taste.nScoop the ceviche into bowls and garnish with the sliced radishes, little spoonfuls of Chili Puree, corn nuts and cilantro and serve.nSaute the carrot, celery and onion in the olive oil over low heat until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and red chiles and saute for 1 minute. Deglaze the pan with the lime juice and add the tomato paste, cumin, coriander and cayenne stir. Add enough water to just cover the ingredients. Bring to a simmer and cook until the carrots are soft.nPuree everything in a blender and pass through a strainer to remove larger pieces., ingredients: [17.5 ounces sea bream or sea bass, cut into small cubes, Flaked sea salt or Fleur de Sel, Piment despelette powdered or hot paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 green chile, finely diced, 4 radishes, 2 finely diced and 2 thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt, Chili Puree, recipe follows, 14 cup corn nuts, crushed, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 orange carrot, peeled and diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 yellow onion, peeled and diced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 fresh red chiles, seeds removed, diced, Juice of 1 lime, 4 12 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon ground cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne], title: Sea Bream Ceviche, picturelink: XgCTGdvMhl3jIU5hQcOASmgHYDEzYIS}, 37360: {instructions: Place the sugar in a small sauce pan, add enough water for it to resemble wet sand. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring up to a bubble, simmer until the sugar has dissolved in the water. Remove from the heat and add the limoncello, let it cool while you prepare the cake and filling.nIn a bowl combine the lemon zest, ricotta cheese and the honey. Cut the angel food cake into 3 slices horizontally make sure the slices are of equal thickness so that you end up with 3 doughnut looking slices of the same thickness. Arrange the bottom slice on a serving plate. With a pastry brush drench the slice with 13 of the limoncello mixture, top the slice with a 12 of the ricotta cheese mixture, repeat with the next layer and finish the top with the last 13 of the limoncello mixture.nSlice and serve alongside some mixed berries., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, Water, 1 shot limoncello, look for the small airplane size bottles if you dont want the investment of a larger one, 1 storebought angel food cake, 1 lemon, zested, 3 cups whole milk ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 12 pints total mixed berries such as blueberries, strawberries, raspberries or blackberries], title: My Sweet Italian Angel, picturelink: DmI8CVfCdbStSnvsfvMYvLxs1x6ErW}, 37361: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire for both direct and indirect cooking in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh. If using charcoal, the coals should be placed so that they are under half of the rack, creating 2 zones: 1 hot and 1 mildly hot. If using a gas grill, follow manufacturers instructions to create zones for both direct and indirect grilling. When the grill is hot, clean it with a wire brush. It does not need to be oiled at this time.nTo make the honey plum sauce, combine the plums, honey, garlic, ginger, rice wine vinegar, hoisin sauce, and dried pepper flakes in a fireproof saucepan and place on the grill over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and then place the saucepan to the side of the grill with indirect heat and simmer, covered, for 15 to 30 minutes, until the plums are completely cooked. Place the mixture in the bowl of a food processor or blender and puree until well combined. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add more of any specific ingredient you feel necessary e.g., honey, hoisin sauce.nTo make the patties, remove the skin from the duck breasts. Place the duck breasts and 1 of the skins in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until well combined. Transfer the duck mixture to a large bowl. Add scallions, cilantro, fivespice powder, salt and pepper to the bowl. Handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting it, mix well. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form the portions into patties to fit the onion rolls.nBrush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook, turning once, just until done, about 3 minutes on each side. During the last few minutes of cooking, place the onion rolls, cut side down, on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers, place a generous amount of the honey plum sauce on the cut side of the onion rolls. On the onion roll bottoms, place a patty and an equal amount of napa cabbage. Add the onion roll tops and serve., ingredients: [1 cup pitted and chopped plums, 14 cup honey, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 duck breasts, 6 scallions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 onion rolls, sliced lengthwise, 1 cup shredded napa cabbage], title: Duck, Duck, Delicious Burgers, picturelink: null}, 37362: {instructions: Preheat a fryer or steepsided pan, with 1inch of canola oil, to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the seafood, egg whites and caperberries. Blend the cornstarch and flours together in a deep bowl. In a mesh basket add the fish, making sure to shake off the excess egg whites. Add the fish to the flour mixture, coating thoroughly. Carefully transfer the fish to the fryer basket and submerge them in the hot oil. Let cook, shaking the basket every so often, so that they will not stick together, until golden brown and crispy. Be careful of the splattering oil.nDrain on paper towels and season with sea salt. Transfer the fish to a serving platter and garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 ounces rock shrimp, or other small shrimp, 4 ounces calamari, cut into rings, 4 ounces mahi mahi, or other white fish, cut into small cubes, 2 ounces egg whites, lightly beaten, 8 caperberries, Canola oil, 1 cup cornstarch, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup rice flour, Sea salt, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, for garnish], title: Frito Misto, picturelink: AAvNj9.5o4PeSoPV5F5CGQSIWc0of0W}, 37363: {instructions: To make mojo, mix all ingredients together in a bowl and slightly chill before serving.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Place bacon in a saucepan over grill and cook until crisp. With a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to a plate lined with a paper towel. Discard bacon fat.nNext, arrange clams directly over the grate of the grill and cook for 6 to 8 minutes until shells open. Transfer clams to serving plate and discard any clams that havent opened. Spoon a teaspoon of mojo into shells and sprinkle with crisp bacon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 smoked chipotle chili pods, toasted and minced, 12 cup cachucha peppers, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup red bell pepper, diced, 14 cup scallions, white and green parts, 14 cup red onion, minced, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 14 cup cilantro, chopped, 4 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 6 ounces light olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 dozen clams, scrubbed, 8 ounces bacon, finely diced], title: Grilled Clams with Smoked ChiliCachucha Mojo and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 37364: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pour extravirgin olive oil into a small dish. Using a pastry brush, coat mushroom caps with oil. Grill 10 minutes, until tender and season with grill seasoning blend.nMeanwhile, preheat a medium skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add remaining extravirgin olive oil to pan  left from brushing mushroom caps  to skillet and combine with 2 tablespoons butter. Melt butter into oil and add bay leaf and chopped vegetables, season with salt and pepper and crab boil seasoning or, poultry seasoning and paprika. Saute until vegetables are tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add hot sauce to vegetables. Run your fingers through the crab to make sure there are no pieces of shell in the meat. Break up crabmeat with fingertips and mix into veggies. Butter toasted bread with remaining 1 tablespoon of diced butter. Add toast to veggies and moisten stuffing with chicken stock. Adjust seasonings. Top cooked portobello caps with stuffing. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve along side greens.nPour lettuce into a bowl. In a smaller bowl, combine lemon curd with vinegar and mustard using a whisk. Whisk in oil in a slow stream and season dressing with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, wiped with damp cloth, Grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon cut into small dice, 1 bay leaf, 2 ribs celery from heart of stalk, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 small red pepper, seeded and chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay or 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning plus 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, 6 ounces lump crabmeat, available in fresh seafood section of market in 6 ounce tubs, 3 slices white bread, toasted, 1 cup chicken stock, A handful chopped parsley leaves, 1 bag, 8 ounces, mixed baby greens, any brand or variety, 1 rounded tablespoon lemon curd, available near jams and jellies, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons Dijon style mustard, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Crab Stuffed Portobellos and CitrusMustard Dressed Greens, picturelink: R0p9Oyj1pnNcLVwM.ucssBBnai8DUei}, 37365: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling water, blanch lobsters for 2 minutes, then shock in ice water. Once the lobster is chilled, remove the tail from the head and split the tail in half. Remove the meat and discard the shell. Season the lobster meat with the salt and pepper and set aside.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, cook pancetta in olive oil. Once the pancetta begins to brown, add the seasoned lobster meat. Sear the lobster on all sides, then reduce heat and cook until the lobster is slightly underdone, about 2 to 4 minutes.nRemove the lobster from the pan and add the chanterelles. Saute the chanterelles lightly, then add the shallots. Deglaze with the Riesling and reduce to 2 tablespoons, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock and reduce to about 14 cup. Add the cream and bring to a boil, then finish with the butter, lemon juice to taste, and parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place braised greens if using in the center of each plate. Place 2 lobster tail halves on top and dress the plate with the sauce. Serve with braised greens, if desired., ingredients: [2 spiny lobsters, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 ounces sliced pancetta, 8 ounces sliced chanterelles, 2 teaspoons finely diced shallots, 12 cup Riesling, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup cream, 1 teaspoon butter, Lemon juice, to taste, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley leaves, Serving suggestion: Braised greens], title: Spiny Lobster with Santa Barbara Chanterelles and Lemon Pancetta Riesling Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37366: {instructions: Pour enough warm water over the mushrooms in a medium bowl to cover them completely. Soak until softened, about 20 minutes. Drain. Discard the stems and chop the caps finely.nTo prepare the seasonings: Stir the soy sauce, oysterflavored sauce, dark soy sauce, sesame oil and sugar together in a small bowl until the sugar is dissolved.nTo make the filling: Heat a wok over high heat until hot. Add the oil and swirl to coat the sides. Add the ground pork and ham and stirfry until the pork is crumbly and cooked through, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Add the rice, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, green onion, seasonings, and reserved mushrooms. Cook, stirring, until heated through, for about 1 minute. Remove the filling from the wok and let cool.nTo make the dumplings: Place 1 tablespoon of the rice mixture in the center of a wrapper. Keep remaining wrappers covered with a damp towel to prevent them from drying out. Gather up the wrapper around the filling, pleating it as you go to form an opentopped pouch. Carefully squeeze the sides of the dumpling about half way up to give the dumpling a waist. Center a pea over the top of the dumpling. Repeat with the remaining dumplings, keeping the formed dumplings covered with a damp cloth while filling the remaining wrappers.nPour enough water into a wok to reach about 2 inches up the sides and bring to a boil. Line the inside of a bamboo steamer with cabbage leaves or parchment paper and set it over the water the steamer shouldnt touch the water. Place as many dumplings in the steamer as will fit without touching each other. Steam the dumplings until the wrapper is cooked and tender to the touch, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve with classic dim sum accoutrements like hot mustard, chili paste and soy sauce., ingredients: [4 to 6 dried black mushrooms, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oysterflavored sauce, 2 teaspoons dark soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 pound ground pork, 14 cup finely chopped smoked ham, 2 cups cooked glutinous rice, at room temperature, 14 cup finely chopped bamboo shoots, 14 cup finely chopped water chestnuts, 1 green onion, trimmed and finely chopped, 1 package 16ounce siu mai wrappers, 14 cup frozen peas, thawed, Cabbage leaves, optional], title: Shanghai Sticky Rice Siu Mai, picturelink: null}, 37367: {instructions: Mix together the olive oil, cilantro, onions and orange juice. Season with salt and pepper. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30 ml olive oil, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 1 red onion, diced, Juice of 1 seville orange or 2 limes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rosies Red Onion Salsa, picturelink: null}, 37368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine maple syrup, cinnamon stick, nutmeg and cream in a small pot, bring to a bubble, reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and combine with berries.nServe warm berries in small bowls topped with scoops of ice cream., ingredients: [12 cup maple syrup, 1 cinnamon stick, A few grates of fresh nutmeg, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pints mixed berries, black, raspberry and blue or, halved strawberries, 1 pint black walnut or maple walnut ice cream], title: Maple Cream Berries and Walnut Ice Cream, picturelink: XI4wvuhGwMNePWITlLkNoxEihrGFqo2}, 37369: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 silicone baking mats or parchment paper a piping bag a 38inch round pastry tipnFor the gougeres: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with silicone baking mats or parchment paper.nIn a medium saucepot combine the milk, sea salt, sugar and butter, and bring to a boil. Add the flour and cook until thoroughly incorporated, about 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the bowl of stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix until the dough is the temperature of warm tap water, about 30 seconds. Add the eggs, one at a time, until smooth. Fold in half of the gruyere and some pepper.nTransfer the batter to a pastry bag fitted with a 38inch round pastry tip. Pipe 1inchwide rounds on the prepared baking sheets 2inches apart, about 60 total. Sprinkle the top with the remaining gruyere and some black pepper.nWet a fingertip and press down lightly to remove the point on each gougere. Bake for 8 minutes and rotate. Bake until the gougeres are golden brown, another 4 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nFor the Mornay: In a medium saucepot set over low heat, melt the butter and sweat the shallots and garlic for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the flour and cook until it smells toasted, 2 minutes. Add the milk and bring to a boil, stirring continuously so no lumps form. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the sauce reaches the desired consistency. Slowly add the gruyere and ParmigianoReggiano, and stir until smooth. Add the mustard and season with salt and pepper. Transfer the Mornay to a bowl and cool in the fridge or set over ice. When cool, transfer to a piping bag fitted with a small tip.nFor the sauce: In a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, beer extract powder, honey, mustard powder and vinegar, and whisk thoroughly to remove the lumps. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFill the gougeres with the Mornay sauce and reheat in the oven to melt the cheese, 5 minutes. Serve the hot gougeres with the beer mustard., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 5 ounces allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 5 ounces grated gruyere cheese, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 35 ounces whole milk, 4 ounces gruyere cheese, 4 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 8 ounces mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, 8 ounces Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons beer extract powder, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 1 tablespoon malt vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gougeres with Gruyere Mornay and Beer Mustard, picturelink: 4lp1cYus8xoUxexlh7aeeuu1dfSIi3q}, 37370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the yeast and 2 cups warm water in a mixing bowl and stir to dissolve. Add the butter, sugar and salt. Use a wooden spoon to stir in onethird of the flour until smooth. Add another third of the flour and stir, then turn it out onto a floured board to knead. Knead it over 15 minutes, adding the rest of the flour as you knead. Dont let it get dry too fast it should stay sticky. Put the dough in a buttered bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let it rise for 1 hour.nKnead the dough another 5 minutes, place it back in the bowl and let it rise another hour.nButter 2 loaf pans. Shape the dough into 2 loaves and transfer them to the prepared pans. Cover and let rise for 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the loaves until golden brown on top and cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool., ingredients: [2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, melted, plus more for buttering the bowl and loaf pans, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 5 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the board], title: White Sandwich Bread, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 37371: {instructions: Peel the mangos, remove pit and cut fruit into small pieces. Place the garlic and salt into a food processor or mortar and pestle and grind into a paste. Add the chile and continue grinding. Finally, add the lime juice and mix well. Pour the marinade over the mango pieces and allow them to sit for at least one hour. Serve with toothpicks along with drinks., ingredients: [2 slightly underripe mangos, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 small scotch bonnettype chile, seeded and coarsely chopped, to taste, Juice of 2 limes], title: Souskai Mangos, picturelink: null}, 37372: {instructions: 10 to 12 small plastic cups or shot glassesnBruise the mint leaves in the bottom of a cocktail shaker. Add the lime juice, pineapple juice and shake the 2 together. In a medium bowl combine the lime and pineapple gelatins, and the sugar. Stir in the boiling water and whisk until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the rum and pour into the plastic shot glasses. Refrigerate until set, about 3 hours. Enjoy, ingredients: [12 fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons freshsqueezed lime juice, 3 tablespoons pineapple juice, 1 box lime gelatin, 1 box pineapple gelatin, 1 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup boiling water, 14 cup light rum], title: Pineapple Mojito Gelatin Shot, picturelink: QFtJ1mVPaIuk.SxER5OuVcppaNon0Ke}, 37373: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a casserole dish with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, add the bananas, strawberries, milk and sugar, and gently mash. Allow the mixture to macerate and come to room temperature. Add the raisins, cinnamon, salt, egg and egg white, and mix together.nCube or tear the donuts and place in the prepared casserole dish. Cover with the liquid mixture. Bake until the center has jelled, about 1 hour. Garnish with fresh fruit slices., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup banana pieces from about 2 bananas, 1 cup fresh strawberries, hulled, 1 34 cup skim milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 to 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 egg, beaten, 1 egg white, beaten, 1 12 dozen whole wheat donuts, such as Donut Pub donuts, Fresh fruit slices, for garnish], title: Bobbys Lighter Fresh Fruit Bread Pudding, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 37374: {instructions: Refrigerate sponge cake until ready to use. Then cut into thin 4 by 4inch slices, 16 slices total. When chilled, its easier to cut. In a large glass mixing bowl add berries, 1 cup of the sugar and orange liqueur, stir gently with a large metal spoon. Let stand for 15 minutes. In another bowl or electric mixer, whisk whipping cream until stiff peaks form. Fold in mascarpone, honey, vanilla and remaining 1 tablespoon sugar.nArrange 1 square of cake on the plate. Spoon 1 layer of berries over the top. Add another square of cake. Then spoon 1 layer of berries on top of that layer of cake. Repeat 2 more times. For a total of 4 cake layers for each portion. Repeat the same procedure for each portion of dessert. Garnish with the cream on top. Using a microplane, zest the orange peel over the top of each dessert, then grate cookies with a mouli grater over that. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 sponge cake loaves, store bought, 3 pints assorted fresh berries, such as strawberries, blueberries, or blackberries, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 cups orange liqueur, 2 cups fresh whipping cream, 2 cups fresh mascarpone, 4 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 navel oranges, 1 cup amaretto cookies], title: Drunkenberry Spongecake, picturelink: null}, 37375: {instructions: To a martini shaker filled with ice, add all ingredients except Champagne. Strain and pour into martini glass and top with Champagne. Serve., ingredients: [Ice, 2 shots mango rum, 2 shots mango nectar, 1 teaspoon fresh grated ginger, Champagne], title: Mango Ginger Martini, picturelink: QnWtNYqDGjY5yySyqPxiDAq9aXAXW}, 37376: {instructions: The day before making the stuffing, bake the cornbread: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Melt 2 tablespoons shortening in a 9inch castiron skillet over medium heat. Meanwhile, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the buttermilk, milk and egg until combined. Slowly incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry, stirring until combined. Melt the remaining 14 cup shortening in the microwave and add to the batter, stirring constantly. Pour the batter into the hot skillet, smoothing the surface with a rubber spatula. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let the cornbread cool in the skillet, then cut into 1inch cubes.nSpread the cornbread and French bread cubes on 2 baking sheets and let dry at room temperature, uncovered, until totally crisp, about 24 hours. Transfer to a large bowl and toss to mix them up a bit.nMake the stuffing: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the celery, carrots and onion and cook until the onion is almost translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and add the rosemary, thyme, sage and turmeric. Gradually ladle the broth mixture into the bowl with the bread, tossing gently. Taste as you go and add salt carefully. If the mixture is not moist enough, add a bit more chicken broth. Stir in the parsley.nTransfer the mixture to a 9by13inch baking dish. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Linda Pugliese, ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup milk, 1 large egg, 1 loaf crusty French bread, cut into 1inch cubes about 8 cups, 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 stalks celery, finely diced leaves included, 2 carrots, finely diced, 1 large onion, diced, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon ground sage, 18 teaspoon turmeric optional, Kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 37377: {instructions: In a large bowl combine all of the ingredients except mint and parsley. In batches if necessary, ladle about 13 of the soup into a food processor and pulse, leaving mixture somewhat lumpy. Add back to the unpureed soup and continue until desired consistency is achieved. Reseason if necessary. Add herbs and stir. Ladle into chilled soup bowls and garnish with dollop of creme fraiche and additional herbs., ingredients: [8 tomatoes, cored and finely chopped juice reserved, 2 green bell peppers, cored, seeded and diced, 2 onions, peeled and diced, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 carrot, peeled and finely diced, 14 cup vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup tomato juice, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped mint, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 37378: {instructions: Combine the sugar, 2 cups water, the ginger and vanilla seeds and pod in a saucepan. Use a vegetable peeler to remove wide strips of zest from the lemon and 1 orange, add to the saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat and simmer 5 minutes. Refrigerate until cold.nMeanwhile, peel the remaining oranges with a paring knife, cutting along the natural curve of the fruit. Hold an orange over a large bowl and cut along both sides of each membrane to free the segments, letting them fall into the bowl. Squeeze each empty membrane to release the juices. Repeat with the remaining oranges. Add the mangoes, bananas, kiwis, kumquats and pomegranate seeds and gently toss. Pour the syrup over the fruit and chill overnight.nBefore serving, remove the citrus zest, ginger and vanilla pod. Spoon the fruit and syrup into bowls.nTo remove pomegranate seeds, cut the fruit into quarters, then break apart in a bowl of water. Skim off the pith that floats to the top and drain the seeds.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out, 1 lemon, 5 large navel or blood oranges, 2 mangoes, peeled and diced, 2 firm bananas, peeled and diced, 5 kiwis, peeled and diced, 12 kumquats, very thinly sliced crosswise, seeds removed, 1 cup pomegranate seeds from 1 pomegranate], title: Winter Fruit Salad, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 37379: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to high.nWarm up the steak and spinach in a saute pan or in the microwave. Place all ingredients, except butter, leftovers and cheese in a blender and process on high speed for about 10 seconds to incorporate air into the mix the club soda and baking powder will help the omelet to rise. You may also use a handheld blender with a deep cup.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the egg mixture, and using a rubber spatula, slowly push the cooked egg from 1 side of the bottom of the pan to the other to allow new raw egg to reach the bottom of the pan and cook this creates height and keeps the bottom from burning.nWhen the omelet is cooked on the bottom and the top is still runny, you can either flip the omelet in the pan to finish, or to make the Tallest omelet possible, place the pan just below the broiler with the oven door open and the handle sticking out it could melt otherwise for about 30 seconds until the omelet rises and lightly browns.nRemove from heat, add warmed leftover filling and the cheese, and fold in half. To serve, slice into pieces. If desired, save a little filling and cheese to put on top after folding., ingredients: [3 ounces cooked thinly sliced steak London broil or sirloin, 2 ounces cooked fresh spinach, 3 ounces shredded Cheddar, 5 eggs, 2 tablespoons club soda, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Worlds Tallest Omelet, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 37380: {instructions: Begin by heating a medium Dutch oven over high heat. Add a tablespoon of olive oil and the ground beef be sure to distribute it evenly throughout the pan. Allow to brown on the bottom without moving it for 5 minutes. As the meat begins to loose its red tint start mixing in onion, peppers, garlic, bay leaves and cumin. Let it cook for 7 minutes until the vegetables become translucent. Then add olives, almonds, raisins, tomato paste and parsley. Make sure to mix it thoroughly with a spoon so that the tomato paste is well incorporated. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 12 cup chopped white onion chopped, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, 14 cup sliced green olives, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 14 cup golden raisins, 34 cup tomato paste, 14 cup parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Picadillo, picturelink: null}, 37381: {instructions: 1. Place salad ingredients in attractive bowl.n2. Make dressing by mixing remaining ingredients together.n3. Toss spinach with dressing and serve immediately., ingredients: [13 lb. spinach leaves, washed, 12 pt. fresh strawberries, sliced, 1 kiwi, sliced, 1 Tbsp. slivered almonds, 1 tsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Lemon Pepper, 1 Tbsp. SugarTwinu00ae Granulated White, 2 Tbsp. vegetable oil, 2 Tbsp. rice vinegar], title: Fruity Spinach Salad, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 37382: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, allspice and salt and mix well. Cut the butter and shortening into small pieces and add to the flour mixture. Using your fingers, work the cold butter and shortening into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg, the buttermilk, the dried fruit and the walnuts and mix into the flour mixture until it is incorporated. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead gently until the dough forms a smooth ball. Shape the dough into a round loaf. Place the dough onto a lightly oiled baking sheet. Score the top of the loaf with a very sharp knife. Place the loaf in the oven and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 cup dried figs, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup toasted walnuts], title: Fruity Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: null}, 37383: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes, 2 12 cups flour, butter, brown sugar, baking powder, and cream in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or food processor and process until the dough has small lumps of sweet potato and butter remaining.nRoll the dough out onto floured surface to 12inch thick loosely in the shape of a rectangle.nCut into 1 12inch squares for appetizers or 2inch squares for biscuits. Cooks Note: A dough cutting tool or bench scraper works well.nPlace the biscuits on a baking sheet, not touching, and bake for 15 minutes. Biscuits will be firm but not brown.nServe the biscuits at room temperature with slice of honey baked ham and Creole mustard, if desired. Cooks Note: Biscuits are rustic so dont slice ham perfectly, torn slices work well., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes roasted, cooled and mashed about 1 cup cooked potatoes, 2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus additional if dough is too sticky and for rolling out dough, 34 cup cold butter, cut into 14inch cubes, 23 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Sweet Potato Biscuits with Ham, picturelink: null}, 37384: {instructions: Boil the potatoes: Add the potatoes to a medium pot with the cream, garlic, butter and some kosher salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and gently simmer until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, about 25 minutes.nCook the chateaubriand: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Let the beef rest at room temperature for 15 minutes, then season with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large, ovensafe skillet over high heat until it shimmers, about 2 minutes. Set the meat in the pan and sear it on all sides until browned, about 8 minutes total. Reduce the heat to low and add 2 tablespoons of the butter, the mushrooms, garlic and the thyme. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook the roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 125 to 130 degrees F., 6 to 8 minutes for mediumrare. Remove the skillet from the oven, transfer the roast to a cutting board, loosely tent with foil and let it rest for 10 minutes.nMake the red wine reduction: Transfer the mushrooms to a bowl and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the pan discard the garlic and thyme. Set the skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the shallot and red wine, and cook, stirring to scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan, until the pan is almost dry, about 2 minutes. Add the broth and cream, bring to a boil, and simmer until the sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Return the mushrooms to the pan, adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if needed.nMake the pomme puree: Place a colander over a large bowl. Pour the hot potatoes into the colander. Shake the potatoes to drain off the excess liquid. Press the potatoes through a ricer or mash them with a fork for a chunkier texture and into a medium bowl, occasionally clearing the sides of the ricer with a spoon. Pour the reserved and stillhot cream over the potatoes in small increments, folding in to combine, until you get your desired consistency. Season with olive oil and a sprinkle of sea salt and serve immediately, or keep warm in a covered ovensafe casserole dish in a 250 degree F. oven.nTo serve, remove the twine from the roast and slice the roast crosswise into 2 equal portions. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon the potato puree onto 2 warm plates. Place a slice of chateaubriand on each plate and spoon the red winemushroom reduction over the top. Garnish with fresh thyme leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2 to 3inch pieces, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 3 cloves garlic, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for seasoning, Coarse sea salt, 1 12 pounds chateaubriand roast the centercut portion of the beef tenderloin, trimmed of fat and silver skin and tied at 12inch intervals with butchers twine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups quartered mushrooms such as cremini, shiitake or chanterelle, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 4 sprigs fresh thyme plus extra fresh thyme leaves, for garnishing, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 12 cup dry red wine, 2 cups veal or beef broth, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Roasted Chateaubriand with Red WineMushroom Reduction and Pommes Puree, picturelink: oFT6ddVv1PsxHjTEo0oRhsc1V0P.S6e}, 37385: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash the chicken and pat dry. In a baking dish large enough to hold the chicken in 1 layer, mix together the lemon juice, brown sugar, oil, garlic, paprika, garam masala, ginger, turmeric, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Arrange the chicken in a single layer in the baking dish. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and transfer to the oven. Bake until the chicken reaches 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 35 minutes.nWhile the chicken bakes, warm the butter in a pan over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and a pinch of salt. Saute, cooking slowly, until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Stir in the raisins and rum, and use a wooden spoon to loosen any onion bits from the bottom of the pan. Cook until the alcohol evaporates, leaving just the rum scented flavor, about 2 minutes, then remove the pan from the heat. When the chicken reaches 150 degrees F, spoon the onionraisin mixture over the chicken. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F, then return chicken to the oven and bake for 10 minutes more, uncovered. The chicken will be fully cooked when it reaches 160 degrees F. Transfer to a serving platter and serve warm or cold., ingredients: [6 chicken drumsticks, bonein, skin removed, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon turmeric, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large Vidalia onions, peeled, quartered and thinly slice, 14 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons rum, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.], title: Yummy Baked Chicken Drummies, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 37386: {instructions: Put the duck, breast side down, on a cutting board and using kitchen shears, cut up 1 side of the spine, starting at the tail or popes nose, all the way to the top. Turn the bird around and cut back down the other side of the spine, being careful not to cut into the thigh. Press down on the bird to flatten and make a shallow cut through the breastbone to further flatten the duck. Remove the neck flap and any extra pockets of fat. Turn the duck over, breast side up, and make a long slash in the skin and fat of each breast, making sure not to puncture the meat.nSprinkle both sides of the duck with the kosher salt and lay the duck, breast side up, on top of a broiler pan. Line the bottom of the pan with paper towels. Put the duck, uncovered, on the bottom shelf of the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days or until the skin is dry and reaches a near parchment consistency.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIf there is still salt visible, brush it off. Remove the paper towels from the bottom of the pan. Put the pan in the middle of the oven and roast for 30 minutes. Rotate the pan 180 degrees and continue to cook until the thigh reaches an internal temperature of 180 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 30 more minutes.nRemove the duck from the oven and increase the heat to 450 degrees F. Once the oven has come to temperature, return the duck to the oven and roast until the skin is golden brown and crispy, about 10 minutes.nRemove the top of the broiler pan, with the duck still on it, and put it on a sheet pan to rest. Pour off the duck fat from the bottom of the pan, measure 14 cup, and reserve the rest for another use.nDecrease the oven heat to 350 degrees F.nPut the broiler pan on the stove over medium heat and add the 14 cup of the fat. Add the onions, celery, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions and celery are translucent, approximately 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the cornbread, oyster crackers, thyme, sage, eggs, oysters and their liquor in a large mixing bowl and use your hands to mix well, breaking up the oysters as you go. Add the onion and celery mixture to the bowl and stir to combine. Transfer the dressing back into the broiler pan and spread evenly. Put the dressing on the middle rack of the oven and bake until golden brown and crisp around the edges, about 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer the duck to a serving platter and serve with the dressing., ingredients: [5 to 5 12 pound Pekin duck, giblets removed, 3 teaspoons kosher salt per pound of duck, approximately 13 cup, 14 cup duck fat, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 1 cup chopped celery, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound stale cornbread, crumbled, 5 ounces oyster crackers, crumbled, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 pint small oysters with their liquor], title: Roast Duck with Oyster Dressing, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 37387: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 2 round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray and sprinkle with flour. Sift together all the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. In a small bowl, mix applesauce, milk, vanilla, coffee, prunes, chocolate, almond extract and egg whites. Fold into the dry ingredients. Bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons applesauce, 12 cup 2 percent lowfat milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon instant decaffeinated coffee, 2 2 12ounce jars prune baby food, 1ounce semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 2 egg whites], title: UltraDelish LowFat Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 37388: {instructions: Combine the chicken breasts and wings, onions, carrots, celery, parsley, garlic, bay leaf, salt and peppercorns in a large stockpot. Add the water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce a gentle simmer and cook, uncovered, for 1 12 hours, stirring occasionally.nStrain the contents of the pot through a finemesh strainer and discard the solids. Transfer the stock to containers let cool, then refrigerate. Once the stock has chilled, remove the fat that has congealed on the surface. Use immediately or freeze for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 pound bonein chicken breasts, 1 pound chicken wings, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 2 carrots, scrubbed and diced, 2 ribs celery with leaves, diced, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 8 cups filtered water], title: Homemade Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 37389: {instructions: 1. Divide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper.nHeat a gas grill to high. Brush the burgers with canola oil and grill until desired doneness is reached. Remove the burgers to a plate.n2. Combine the mayonnaise and roasted garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread both sides of each bun with the mayonnaise and the mustard. Place a slice of cheese on each bun bottom, place a burger on top, and then top the burger with a slice of ham, another slice of cheese, and some pickle slices. Cover with the bun tops.n3. Warm the burgers on a sandwich press or wrap the burgers in aluminum foil and cook in a hot skillet over high heat put a heavy skillet on top of the burgers to compress until golden brown and the cheese has melted, about 1 12 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey 90 percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 cloves roasted garlic, mashed, 4 hamburger buns, split, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 8 thin slices Swiss cheese, 4 thin slices smoked ham, 2 dill pickles, sliced into 14inchthick slices], title: Miami Burger, picturelink: null}, 37390: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine sugar, Calvados, lime, lemon, peaches and apples in a large pitcher. Cover with 1 bottle of Rioja wine and chill sangria several hours. To serve, spoon fruits into glasses or goblets, adding a few fresh raspberries in each glass, pour wine over top of the fruit. Top glasses of sangria off with a splash of soda water and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 3 shots Calvados or other apple liquor, 1 lime, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 2 ripe peaches, cut into wedges, 3 ripe green apples seeded and cut into wedges, 1 bottle white Rioja Spanish wine or other dry white wine, 1 pint raspberries, Sparkling soda water, for topping off glasses of sangria at table], title: White Sangria, picturelink: 9lwOtUPI47kBtOEYomMYFfrFzj9swt2}, 37391: {instructions: Pour ice, vodka and vermouth into a glass shaker. Shake and pour into a martini glass. Garnish with olives or lemon twist., ingredients: [3.5 ounces vodka or gin, .5 ounces dry vermouth, Olive or lemon twist for garnish], title: Classic Martini, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 37392: {instructions: Rinse the grated potatoes in a bowl of cold water. Remove the potato shred with your fingers to a clean kitchen towel. Roll up in the towel and squeeze dry.nPlace the beets and onions in a large colander and strongly squeeze out the excess moisture.nIn a bowl, stir together the potato, beets, onion, eggs, flour, salt, and pepper to taste.nHeat 14 cup of the canola oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 heaping tablespoons of batter to the pan to form 4 pancakes flatten slightly. Cook about 5 minute, turning once, until golden brown on both sides. Keep warm on a rack set over a baking sheet in a low oven. Repeat with the remaining potato mixture and 1 13 tablespoons of oil.nTop each pancake with a teaspoon of sour cream or yogurt and sprinkle with fresh dill. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 large 8 ounce baking potato such as Caribe, peeled and coarsely grated, 2 medium 4 ounces red beets, peeled and coarsely grated, 1 small yellow onion, coarsely grated, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup flour, 34 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 13 cup canola oil, 14 cup sour cream or yogurt, for garnish, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, for garnish do not use dried dill], title: Kevin Johnson Grange Hall Beet and Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 37393: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out puff pastry into a rectangle, about 12 by 15 inches. Spread preserves over the dough, to within 12inch of the edges. Fold dough in half lengthwise. Gently roll again to seal edges. Using a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut dough crosswise into 12inch thick strips. Take each strip by the ends and tie into a knot. Arrange knots on a large baking sheet and press down the ends. Bake 6 to 10 minutes, until puffed up and golden brown.nScoop frozen yogurt or ice cream into dessert bowls and lay twists over top., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions, 14 cup apricot preserves, 2 cups vanilla frozen yogurt or ice cream], title: Apricot Puff Pastry Twists with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: z22uQhMWsKqJcGCeleFtfoXp4.a26Q2}, 37394: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the water and sugar, bring to a simmer, stirring, over moderate heat and simmer until sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and stir until smooth.nIn another saucepan sift the cocoa powder. Whisk in the half n half in a stream. Place over moderate heat and bring to a simmer, whisking. Add the melted chocolate to the pan, whisking, until hot. Do not boil. Off the heat whisk in the vanilla and Cognac, if desired.nPour into cups and garnish with the whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [112 cups water, 14 cup sugar, 8 ounces good quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, 3 cups half n half, 112 teaspoons vanilla, 2 to 3 tablespoons Cognac or dark rum, or to taste, if desired, Whipped Cream and Chocolate Shavings, for garnish], title: Hot Chocolate Dessert, picturelink: null}, 37395: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is golden, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in the ketchup, 1 cup water, the vinegar, brown sugar, steak sauce, Worcestershire sauce, molasses, mustard, celery seed and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the onion is tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the liquid smoke. Strain the sauce, pressing on the solids to extract any liquid.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 cups ketchup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup steak sauce, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons molasses, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, 12 teaspoon ground celery seed, Kosher salt, 1 to 2 teaspoons liquid smoke], title: MemphisStyle Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 37396: {instructions: Cook sausage in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat 4 minutes or until cooked. Remove sausage to papertowellined plate.nSeason chicken, if desired, with salt and pepper. Cook chicken in same skillet, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Remove chicken from skillet and set aside.nStir red peppers and onion into same skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes or until tender. Stir in garlic and cook, 30 seconds. Stir in broth and Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise. Bring just to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 1 minute. Stir in fettuccine, chicken and sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, 1 minute or until heated through. Season, if desired, with salt, pepper and crushed red pepper flakes., ingredients: [8 ounces hot Italian or sweet sausage, removed from casings and crumbled, 8 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 small red andor green bell peppers, sliced, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, 34 cup reduced sodium chicken broth, 12 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 8 ounces fettuccine, cooked and drained], title: Creamy Cajun Chicken and Sausage Fettuccine, picturelink: M61I8AcKpnDBiCNa4GfRyfSbI6IHNkG}, 37397: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft. Add cascable and ancho powder and cook for 1 minute, let cool. Fold onion mixture into softened butter, add lime juice and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place in a bowl and refrigerate until firm.nPreheat grill. Brush lobster tails with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place meat side down and grill 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Remove from heat and top immediately with butter., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 14 teaspoon Cascabel chili powder, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 pound unsalted butter, softened, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 Maine lobster tails, Olive Oil], title: Grilled Maine Lobster Tails Smothered in Cascabel Chili Butter, picturelink: null}, 37398: {instructions: For the pork: Combine the salt, sugar, sage, garlic, bay leaves and 2 quarts water. Submerge the pork in the brine and refrigerate for 24 hours before cooking.nWhen ready to cook, remove the pork from the brine and discard the brine. Let the pork come to room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes before cooking. Pat dry.nMeanwhile, for the sauce: Combine the saba and figs and let sit for 1 hour.nToss the pancetta into a small saute pan, give a little drizzle of oil and bring the pan to a medium heat. When the pancetta starts to brown and crisp, toss in the garlic and rosemary and stir to combine.nAdd the saba, figs and vinegar. Stir to combine and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the chicken stock and bring the mixture back to a boil BTB and then reduce it to a simmer RTS. Simmer the sauce until it becomes a chunky, saucy consistency. Season with salt.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the pork with crushed red pepper and a drizzle of oil. Grill the pork for 8 to 9 minutes on each side and 1 to 2 minutes standing it up on the fat edge to crisp that up. If the pork starts to burn, move it to a cooler spot on the grill.nLet the pork rest for 10 to 15 minutes after grilling. Cut each steak off the bone and slice. Be sure to serve the bone along with the steaks.nServe garnished with the sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 fresh sage leaves, torn, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 bay leaves, Two 18ounce pork porterhouse steaks, Pinch crushed red pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup saba, 8 ounces dried Black Mission figs, stemmed and cut into quarters, 4 ounces pancetta, cut into 14inch dice, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt], title: Brined Pork Porterhouse with Dried Fig Saba Sauce, picturelink: NB9.EpDWTbuh7Qiy1qchhBR4A7iMFkm}, 37399: {instructions: Combine 2 chopped tomatoes, 1 chopped cucumber, 1 chopped Italian frying pepper, 14 cup finely chopped red onion and 12 cup chopped parsley in a bowl. Toss with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Shepherds Salad, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 37400: {instructions: Whisk together soy, oil, garlic and 2 tablespoons of the ginger in a baking dish. Add the ribs and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.nHeat grill to high. Season ribs with salt and pepper and grill about 3 to 4 minutes per side, until tender. Brush the onions with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until tender.nWhisk together the vinegar, remaining tablespoon of ginger, honey, sesame oil and olive oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Coarsely chop the green onions and add to the bowl. Add mint leaves, mizuna and or watercress and toss to coat., ingredients: [12 cup low sodium soy sauce, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely grated fresh ginger, 2 12 pounds boneless, short ribs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch green onions, ends trimmed, Peanut oil, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, mizuna or watercress], title: Marinated Short Ribs with Grilled Scallion and Mint Salad, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 37401: {instructions: Mix all the marinade ingredients together in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the steaks and refrigerate for 1 to 4 hours.nHeat a cast iron griddle over mediumhigh heat. Remove the steaks from the marinade and wipe off the excess. Cook the steaks for 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. Remove from griddle to a cutting board and tent with foil. Let rest while you cook the peppers.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the poblano, red bell pepper, and onion and saute until tender and softened. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove to a bowl.nWipe out the cast iron skillet. Toast the tortillas, until warm and slightly puffy. Remove and wrap in a clean kitchen towel to stay warm.nCut the steak across the grain into thin 12inch strips. Arrange on a large platter with the vegetables, cilantro, lime wedges, sour cream and a small bowl of salsa verde, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 4 tablespoons tequila, 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon lime zest, 4 large garlic cloves, smashed, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 12 pound skirt steak, cut in 12, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 poblano pepper, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 large onion, sliced, 18 flour tortillas, Fresh sprigs cleaned cilantro, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish, Sour cream, for garnish, Salsa verde, optional garnish], title: Neelys Steak Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 37402: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl with a wooden spoon, beat together the honey, butter, and mango until evenly mixed. Transfer to a ramekin, smooth off the top, and serve with warm breakfast breads. If desired, spread the butter on a long sheet of plastic wrap and roll up into a cylinder. Chill or freeze and cut off 12 inch disks of the flavored butter as needed., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup finely chopped ripe mango], title: Mango Butter, picturelink: null}, 37403: {instructions: Wash the greens well and trim and discard any tough stems.nBring a very large pot of water to a boil and add 2 to 3 teaspoons salt. A large quantity of water is the key to avoiding bitterness. Have ready a large bowl of iced water. Add the greens to the rapidly boiling water and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until tender but not mushy. Drain in a colander, shaking off excess water and then plunge the hot greens into the iced water. When the greens are cool, remove any ice from the surface and drain in a colander again. Then squeeze out any excess water and place in a bowl in the refrigerator.nMix together the olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Toss with the cooked greens to coat thoroughly. Return to the refrigerator.nCut the tomatoes into 12 to 34inch slices. Arrange on 6 salad plates or a platter. Top the tomatoes with the cold dressed greens and garnish with shavings of Parmesan cheese. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 bunches bitter greens, such as dandelion, amaranth, escarole, chard, spinach or watercress, 2 to 3 teaspoons salt, 23 cup extra virgin olive oil, Juice of 2 lemons, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large or 3 medium ripe tomatoes, cored, 1 large chunk about 8 ounces aged Parmesan cheese], title: Tomato Salad with Field Greens, picturelink: null}, 37404: {instructions: For the cookies: Cream the butter, lemon zest, and sugars until light and fluffy. Slowly add the egg and lemon juice. Add the cherries. In another bowl, mix together the flours, baking soda, chile powder, and salt. Add to the butter mixture. Roll in parchment paper to a diameter of 34inch. Chill well or freeze.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhen the batter is chilled, slice into 14inch coins. Bake on prepared baking sheet until light golden brown, 12 minutes. Cool slightly.nFor the glaze: Mix the powdered sugar and lemon juice thoroughly.nDrizzle the lemon glaze over the cookies while still warm.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 ounces butter, 1 lemon, zested, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 cup dried tart cherries, finely chopped, 1 34 cup flour, 12 cup almond flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons chile powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Spicy Cherry Token Cookies, picturelink: z1ss43jSpc26F193e5SNWypCfEjoc0m}, 37405: {instructions: Rinse and pick over beans. In a medium saucepan, cover beans with water, and bring to a boil for 5 minutes. Transfer to a heatresistant surface, and let beans stand in water, uncovered, 1 hour.nDrain beans add fresh water to cover beans by 2 inches. Return to medium heat. Simmer, covered, until soft and tender, about 50 minutes.nAllow beans to cool slightly. Drain beans, reserving liquid. Place beans, garlic, olive oil, sage, lemon juice, and salt and pepper in a food processor puree until smooth. If too thick, thin to desired consistency with reserved bean liquid. Transfer to a covered container chill. To serve, brush bread with olive oil, and toast. Garnish spread with sage leaves or lemon slices, and serve the toasted crostini on the side., ingredients: [8 ounces dried white kidney beans, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 4 fresh sage leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 lemon, juiced, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 baguette, cut into 12inch slices, Lemon slices, for garnish, optional], title: Sage and White Bean Crostini, picturelink: null}, 37406: {instructions: Combine the tequila, grapefruit juice, lime juice, Simple Syrup and orange liqueur in a pint glass. Fill the glass with ice, cover with a shaker tin and shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with cactus fruit peel.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 ounces blue agave tequila, 1 ounce grapefruit juice, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 14 ounce orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, Cactus fruit peel, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Dusty Road, picturelink: null}, 37407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSimmer the garlic in a saucepan of water until tender, about 10 minutes this will soften the flavor. Drain and let cool, then pop the jackets off the cloves and reserve.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the EVOO in a large ovenproof skillet. Add the chicken, skinside down, and cook until the skin is browned and very crisp, 7 to 8 minutes. Flip the chicken and brown the other side, 3 to 4 minutes more. Remove the chicken to a plate. Melt the butter into the fat remaining in the skillet and add the mushrooms and thyme. Cook until the mushrooms are browned and very tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Deglaze with the Marsala, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Return the chicken to the skillet, skinside up, and add the garlic. Add enough stock to come up and around the chicken but not cover the skin. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook for 45 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a warmed platter and loosely tent with foil. Reduce the sauce on the stovetop until it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add the kale and cook until just wilted, then stir in a bit of nutmeg.nSpoon the sauce and kale into shallow bowls and top with the chicken. Serve with warm bread for mopping., ingredients: [40 large cloves hardneck or purple garlic, unpeeled, 8 large skinon, bonein chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 small bunch Tuscan kale or spinach, stemmed if using kale, thinly slice, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup Marsala wine, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, Freshly grated nutmeg, Ciabatta bread, for mopping], title: Braised Chicken Thighs with 40 Cloves of Garlic, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 37408: {instructions: Mix equal parts beer and hard lemonade in a tall glass over ice. Garnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [Wheat Beer, Hard Lemonade, Ice Cubes, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: The End Zone Cocktail, picturelink: fj3LuaEBaNWaixjJ0bRr1WdKdRzsr7u}, 37409: {instructions: Mash 4 tablespoons softened butter with 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley, scallions and chives. Spread the mixture on 4 slices white bread top each with sliced Irish cheddar cheese and breadandbutter pickles. Cover with 4 more bread slices. Spread plain butter on the outside of the sandwiches and fry in a skillet until golden on both sides. Spread the remaining herb butter on the warm sandwiches. Slice into quarters, then press the cut sides in more chopped herbs.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [], title: Irish Grilled Cheese, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 37410: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Soak the lasagna noodles in warm water.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and browned, about 10 minutes. If the mixture becomes too dry, add a tablespoon or two of water.nMeanwhile, stir together 12 cup of the milk and the cornstarch in a small bowl until smooth. Heat the remaining 3 12 cups milk in a large saucepan until bubbling. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the milk and bring to a boil. Simmer, stirring, until the milk thickens to the consistency of a thin batter, about 5 minutes. Stir in the onion mixture, spinach, parsley and nutmeg, and cook until the spinach wilts. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat.nDrain the noodles. Spread 1 cup of the spinach mixture over the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Arrange 3 lasagna noodles over the spinach. Arrange half of the squash over the noodles, overlapping slightly, and sprinkle with onethird of the mozzarella. Spoon 1 cup spinach mixture over the cheese, and top with 3 noodles, the remaining squash and another third of the mozzarella. Top with 1 cup spinach mixture, followed by the last 3 noodles and the remaining 1 cup spinach mixture. Cover tightly with foil reserve the remaining mozzarella.nBake for 40 minutes. Uncover and sprinkle the remaining mozzarella over the top. Bake until bubbling and the squash is tender, about 15 minutes. Let stand at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [9 noboil lasagna noodles, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups lowfat 1percent milk, 14 cup cornstarch, Two 5ounce packages baby spinach, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped, plus more, for garnish, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 butternut squash about 2 12 pounds, peeled, seeded, halved lengthwise and cut into 14inchthick halfmoons, 2 cups shredded partskim mozzarella], title: Squash and Spinach Lasagna, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 37411: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a shallow dish, combine flour and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Add chicken to flour mixture and turn to coat. Place milk in a separate shallow dish. In a third shallow dish or resealable plastic bag, combine parmesan, oats, garlic powder, onion powder, and oregano. Dip chicken into flour and turn to coat. Dip flourcoated chicken into milk and then transfer chicken to oat mixture. Turn to coat chicken or shake bag until well covered with oat mixture. Place chicken on prepared baking sheet and spray the surface with cooking spray. Bake 15 minutes, until crust is golden brown and chicken is cooked through.nTo make dip, in a small bowl, whisk together sour cream, Dijon mustard and honey.nServe chicken with dip on the side., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut lengthwise into 12inch wide strips, 13 cup milk, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup quickcooking oats, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup sour cream, regular or lowfat, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey], title: ParmesanCrusted Chicken with Creamy HoneyMustard Dip, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 37412: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the crust, combine the graham crackers, sugar, and melted butter until moistened. Pour into a 9inch springform pan. With your hands, press the crumbs into the bottom of the pan and about 1inch up the sides. Bake for 8 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nRaise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nTo make the filling, cream the cream cheese and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the speed of the mixer to medium and add the eggs and egg yolks, 2 at a time, mixing well. Scrape down the bowl and beater, as necessary. With the mixer on low, add the sour cream, lemon zest, and vanilla. Mix thoroughly and pour into the cooled crust.nBake for 15 minutes. Turn the oven temperature down to 225 degrees and bake for another 1 hour and 15 minutes. Turn the oven off and open the door wide. The cake will not be completely set in the center. Allow the cake to sit in the oven with the door open for 30 minutes. Take the cake out of the oven and allow it to sit at room temperature for another 2 to 3 hours, until completely cooled. Wrap and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the cake from the springform pan by carefully running a hot knife around the outside of the cake. Leave the cake on the bottom of the springform pan for serving.nTo make the topping, melt the jelly in a small pan over low heat. In a bowl, toss berries and the warm jelly gently until well mixed. Arrange the berries on top of the cake. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs 10 crackers, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 whole extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup red jelly not jam such as currant, raspberry, or strawberry, 12 pint sliced strawberries, 12 pint fresh raspberries, 12 pint fresh blueberries], title: Mixed Berry Cheesecake, picturelink: UPHo5Yhb4ZeVSjHXgHfhczVvCooxuHi}, 37413: {instructions: For the raviolis: In a bowl, combine mushrooms, crab, corn, cream fraiche, chives and lemon zest. Season. Lay out 4 skins at a time and place 1 tablespoon of mix on top. Brush egg wash on the edges and place second skin on top. Press down firmly to seal. Make 12 raviolis. In a pot of boiling, salted water, blanch raviolis for only 2 minutes until heated through.nFor the sauce: In a saucepan coated lightly with oil, saute onions, ginger and lemon grass until soft, about 4 minutes. Season and add corn. Stir for 2 minutes, add stock and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 15 minutes or a 20 percent reduction. Using a hand blender or blender, puree very smooth then strain through a fine chinoise. Place back on stove and heat. Montee au beurre and season with juice. Check for flavor.nPlating: On a soup plate, cover with the sauce. Place 3 raviolis on the sauce and garnish with chile oil and chives.nIn a nonstick saucepan heat spices until fragrant and just beginning to smoke. Remove from heat and whisk in canola oil. Transfer to a sterilized glass jar to cool. Oil will separate, shake to reconstitute. Will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup Sauteed shiitakes with 1 tablespoon shallots, chilled, 12 pound picked crab leg meat, 12 cup blanched fresh corn, 14 cup cream fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Zest of 1 lemon, Salt and white pepper to taste, 1 package square wonton skins, Egg wash 1 egg:14 cup water, Canola oil to cook, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 4 stalks lemon grass, minced, white part only, 2 cups raw corn kernels, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, Juice of 1 lemon, from above, Chile oil for garnish, recipe follows, Chive batons for garnish, Salt and white pepper to taste, 12 cup ground ancho chile powder, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups canola oil], title: Crab and Shiitake Ravioli in a CornLemon Grass Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37414: {instructions: Place the corn husks in warm water soak for 30 minutes, or until theyre soft and pliable.nWhile the husks soak, stir together the chicken, cheese, cilantro, peas, olives and salsa in a bowl. Add the cornmeal mix and stir until combined.nRemove 2 corn husks from the water. Tear into 12 thin strips for tying up the tamales set aside.nUnfold a soaked husk, wideend up, on a work surface. Starting at the top edge, spoon 23 cup filling down the center and mold into a 4by2inch rectangle, leaving room at the bottom for folding.nRoll up the tamale jelly rollstyle to enclose the filling. Fold up the bottom end of the husk and tie with one of the strips of husk. Repeat with the remaining husks, filling and ties.nAdd 1 inch of water to a deep pot with a tightfitting lid place a steamer basket in the pot. Arrange the tamales upright closedend down in the basket. Bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat cover and steam the tamales for 25 minutes, adding more water as needed.nCarefully remove the tamales from the steamer and let stand for 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter untie and open the husks, then garnish the tamales with chopped fresh cilantro.nPhotography by Jim Franco, ingredients: [14 large corn husks available at Latin markets and many grocery stores, 1 2 to 3pound rotisserie chicken, skin removed and meat shredded about 6 cups, 1 cup shredded Mexicanblend cheese, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 12 cup frozen green peas, 12 cup pimientostuffed green olives, drained and halved, 2 cups bottled green salsa, 2 cups selfrising yellow cornmeal mix], title: Chicken Tamales, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 37415: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two rimmed baking sheets with parchment or a nonstick baking mat. Spray lightly with cooking spray.nCombine the almond butter, sugar, egg whites, flour, baking soda, vanilla and 14 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat the mixture together until well combined, about 3 minutes. Adjust the mixer to low speed and add the slivered almonds. Mix until just incorporated.nUse a rounded tablespoon to drop the dough on the prepared sheet trays, leaving at least 2 12 inches of space between each cookie. The batter will spread as it bakes. Place in the oven and bake until puffed and golden, 10 to 12 minutes, rotating the baking sheets about half way. Cool on the sheets for 10 minutes then cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup almond butter, stirred well, 34 cup firmlypacked light brown sugar, 2 large egg whites, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 14 cup slivered almonds], title: Almond Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nLay onion slices down the center of a large cast iron skillet to create 2 rows that are touching.nSeason the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper, add lemon slices, thyme, rosemary, sage and garlic cloves.nUsing your hands, gently separate the skin from the meat of the breast. Evenly spread the Herb Butter on the meat underneath the skin. Take the remaining butter and gently rub the skin. Wash hands and season the skin with salt and pepper. Tie drumsticks together using twine. Place the chicken on the onion slices.nTransfer the pan to the preheated oven and roast until the skin is golden brown and crisp, about 1 hour and 20 minutes. Use an instantread thermometer to make sure the thighs have reached 165 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the oven. Transfer to a cutting board, tent with foil and let rest.nSpoon off as much fat from the pan as possible. Place the pan over high heat and add white wine. Use a wooden spoon to scrape up all the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Add chicken broth and let reduce to about half, about 4 to 5 minutes. Strain out the onions. Add the gravy back to the pan and keep warm.nCut the twine from the drumsticks and carve. Pour the gravy into a serving bowl and serve with the chicken.nIn a small bowl, add the butter, chopped thyme, rosemary, and sage. Season with salt and pepper and mix together with a wooden spoon. Reserve., ingredients: [1 medium onion, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, One 5pound roasting chicken, rinsed, dried and giblets removed, 2 lemon slices, 1 sprig fresh thyme, chopped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, chopped, 1 sprig fresh sage, chopped, 3 large cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, Herb Butter, recipe follows, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken broth, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped sage leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ginas Perfect Roast Chicken with Gravy, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 37417: {instructions: Put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When it starts to get hot, add the onion, garlic, and ginger and cook for 4 minutes, or until the onion is golden. Add the tomato paste, brown sugar, cumin seeds, garam masala, red chile flakes, turmeric, and salt and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken cubes and stir well to coat. Add the yogurt and water and cook, stirring until the chicken is done, about 8 minutes. Serve the chicken with roti or rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, cut into cubes, 14 cup lowfat yogurt, 12 cup water, Serving suggestion: Serve with roti or rice.], title: Bals NoButter Chicken, picturelink: null}, 37418: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Add ginger and garlic and cook until aroma is released. Stir in chicken pieces and cook until golden brown. Stir in chili powder, peanut butter, and chili sauce. Stir in scallions and coconut milk and simmer until thickened about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon over rice and garnish with cucumber and cilantro Serve with Basmati rice following directions on the box., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoons ginger, peeled and grated, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 teaspoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, preferably unsweetened, Chili sauce to taste, 4 to 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, Salt and pepper, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and sliced, Cilantro leaves to garnish], title: Peanut Chicken Dish, picturelink: null}, 37419: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnPreheat a barbeque grill or indoor grill pan to medium heat.nIn a small bowl, stir together the apple jelly, mustard, apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil and honey BBQ seasoning. Set aside.nAlternate 2 pieces of bratwurst, red pepper, mushroom and pearl onions on each of the skewers. Brush with the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on an oiled grill and cook, 3 minutes. Flip and liberally brush with the glaze. Grill an additional 3 minutes, then flip and brush with more glaze. Grill for an addition 2 minutes per side, brushing again with the glaze.nRemove from the grill and serve. Any remaining glaze can be brushed onto the skewers or served alongside as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [14 cup apple jelly, 14 cup spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey BBQ seasoning mix, 4 cooked bratwurst links, each sliced into 4 pieces, 1 red pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 8 medium white mushrooms, cut in half, 16 frozen pearl onions, thawed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brats on a Stick with Sweet Mustard Glaze, picturelink: Tl7xrgnDKQasvh0v5uq65Hlq0J5Zw5m}, 37420: {instructions: To make the sauce: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the sliced peppers in a sheet pan and drizzle over some olive oil, and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Roast the peppers for 10 minutes, and then remove them from the oven. Cooks Note: For this sauce, you can cheat and buy ready roasted sweet peppersnCombine the roasted peppers with the sweet chile sauce, and lime juice in a bowl, and blend well. Chill the peppers until ready to serve.nTo make the egg fu young: Heat a wok over a high heat, and add 1 tablespoon groundnut oil. Add the mushrooms, red bell pepper, bacon, and stirfry for 1 minute, or until fragrant.nAdd the stirfry mixture to the beaten eggs, discarding any liquid from the wok.nWipe down the wok, set it over a high heat, and add 2 tablespoons groundnut oil, swirling to coat the wok. Pour in half of the egg mixture, and cook for 1 minute, or until the eggs are slightly golden brown on the underside. Then, flip the eggs over, and cook for another minute on the second side. Transfer the omelette to a warmed plate, and cover with foil while you make the second batch in the same way.nServe the dish with mixed salad leaves tossed with a dash of the red pepper and chile sauce. If you have not prepared the sauce, substitute a few drops of hot sauce., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, Olive oil, as needed, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons sweet chile sauce, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 3 tablespoons groundnut oil peanut, divided, 1 small handful fresh shiitake or chestnut mushrooms, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 3 ounces smoked bacon, diced, 5 eggs, lightly beaten, Dash light soy sauce, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, Mixed salad leaves, as needed, Hot sauce, optional recommended: Tabasco], title: Egg Fu Young with Roasted Red Pepper and Sweet Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37421: {instructions: 1. Slice summer squash in 14 inch rounds. Place in bowl and add 2 tbsp. olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt.n2. Peel and cut red onion in half. Then slice with the grain in inch wedges. Repeat with second half. Place in bowl with 1 tbsp. olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and combine.n3. Cut tomatoes in half and slice in 46 half moon wedges. Repeat with second half. Place in bowl with 1 tbsp. olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt and combine.n4. Grill summer squash about 4 minutes on each side. Grill onions about 5 minutes, rotating once. Grill tomatoes about 5 minutes rotating once.n5. Warm pita on the grill about 3 minutes each side. Once warm, remove the pita from the heat and slather with about cup Sabra Hummus.n6. Top with summer squash rounds, tomatoes and onions. Cut into 8 pieces and enjoy as a light summer meal or appetizer for entertaining., ingredients: [112 cups summer squash about 2 medium sized yellow andor green, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, 1 red onion, 3 6 round pitas, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup Sabra Classic Hummus, 2 tsp. salt, black pepper and salt to taste], title: Grilled Summer Vegetable Pita Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37422: {instructions: Combine the beans, olive oil, vinegar, garlic powder, some salt and pepper and 2 tablespoons cold water in a food processor and blend until smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and sprinkle with the crushed red pepper. Serve with pita chips., ingredients: [One 15ounce can white beans or cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Pita chips, for serving], title: White Bean Dip, picturelink: OI5mBMAzxJJhuiUllnPRL4k6TbKIK}, 37423: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nRinse hens inside and out and pat dry. Season the hens, inside and out, with salt and black pepper. Place hens in a large roasting pan and set aside.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add scallions and garlic and saute 2 minutes. Add brown rice and thyme and stir to combine. Add 1 cup of the chicken broth, cover and bring mixture to a simmer. Allow rice to cook for 3 minutes then add the sundried tomatoes and bell pepper. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nRemove from heat and spoon rice mixture loosely into cavity of hens. Pour remaining 12 cup of chicken broth into bottom of pan.nPlace hens in oven and immediately reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until juices from thigh run clear when pierced with a fork, basting every 15 minutes with the pan juices.nRemove the hens from the oven and transfer to a platter. Pour the pan juices over top and serve.nServing suggestion: Serve the stuffed hens with cranberry sauce and a side dish of fresh or frozen snow peas sauteed in a little olive oil and seasoned with salt and crushed red pepper., ingredients: [4 Cornish game hens, about 1 14 pounds each, giblets removed and discarded, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup minced scallions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup instant brown rice, 1 12 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, divided, 1 cup sundried tomatoes in olive oil, drained and chopped, 1 small green bell pepper, chopped, Prepared cranberry sauce, optional], title: Cornish Hens with Brown Rice Stuffing, picturelink: uYm06JathviLX8nl1voZSRE03HsUYtm}, 37424: {instructions: For the rice: Place rice in a bowl and rinse with cold water until water is clear. Drain rice in a mesh strainer. In a medium pot combine the rice with 3 cups of water over mediumlow heat. Cover and let cook until rice is tender and has absorbed all the water, about 20 minutes. While rice is cooking combine rice wine vinegar and sugar and mix until sugar is dissolved. When rice is done transfer to wooden bowl and add vinegar mixture. Gently mix with a wooden spoon until the rice mixture cools but is still slightly warm. Cover with plastic wrap, set aside and prepare remaining sushi roll ingredients.nFor the rolls: In a small bowl toss the avocado gently with the lemon juice. Lay a dry bamboo mat on a work surface so that the slats run horizontally and cover with plastic wrap. Place a piece of the nori on the bamboo mat with a long side facing you. With dampened hands spread 12 cup prepared sushi rice onto mat, leaving a 1inch border along the top edge. Spread a small bit of the wasabi paste horizontally across the center of the rice. Arrange 3 avocado slices and 3 cucumber slices, overlapping slightly in a horizontal line, over the wasabi paste and top them with onesixth of the crab meat. Grasp the edges of the nori and the mat from the side facing you, lift the nori and the mat slightly, and roll the nori evenly and tightly away from you, pressing down slightly with each quarter turn. Seal the roll with a drop of water on the far edge of the nori, press the seam closed and transfer the roll to a cutting board. Make 5 more rolls in the same manner. With a serrated knife dipped in hot water trim the ends of the rolls and cut each roll crosswise into six 1inch sections.nSeries: Kelsey  Spike Cook Episode: Sushi Ep. 1, ingredients: [3 cups sushi rice, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 avocado, halved lengthwise, pitted, peeled and cut lengthwise into 18inch slices, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 8 x 7inch nori sheets, 3 cups prepared sushi rice, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, combined with 1 tablespoon cold water, or wasabi paste, 2 frozen Alaskan king crab legs, thawed, shelled and thick sections halved lengthwise, or 34 pound frozen Alaskan king crab meat, thawed and drained, 1 seedless cucumber, halved lengthwise and cut lengthwise into 18inch slices], title: Spicy California Rolls, picturelink: null}, 37425: {instructions: In a stainless steel bowl, add the egg yolks, wine, and lemon juice. Place the stainless steel bowl over boiling water and whisk continuously until the yolks are thoroughly heated. It should be light and fluffy from all of the air that was whipped into it, but not scrambled. Remove from the heat.nAdd a small amount of the hot water and whisk gently. Stream in the clarified butter slowly while whisking gently. Alternate between the butter and the hot water until the desired amount and consistency is achieved.nButter the English muffin with 1 tablespoon of butter and toast it in a skillet until golden brown. In a separate medium skillet, saute the mushrooms and onions in the remaining butter. Place the tomato slices, avocado, mushrooms, and onions on top of the English muffin. Top it off with basted eggs and hollandaise sauce and serve.nTo make the basted eggs: Heat an 8inch egg pan with 1 teaspoon of clarified butter. Add 2 eggs to the pan and cook until the whites are mostly cooked. Add 1 tablespoon of water and cover the eggs with a tight fitting lid to allow the eggs to cook with the steam. Cook until desired doneness., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons white wine, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 pounds clarified butter, 2 cups hot water, 1 English muffin, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup diced mushrooms, 12 cup diced onions, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, 1 avocado, thinly sliced, Basted Eggs, recipe follows, 8inch egg pan recommended: Tefloncoated, 1 teaspoon clarified butter, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon water], title: Veggie Benedict with Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37426: {instructions: Drain soaked beans. Place in a large pot with fresh water, bring to a boil, and reduce heat. Simmer for 1 12 to 2 hours with bay leaves. Add 1 teaspoon salt after simmering for 1 hour. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat olive oil. Add onions and saute until translucent. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add parsley and saffron, allow to cook for 1 minute more, and remove from heat. Drain the cooked beans of excess water. Return the beans to the pot and add cooked onion mixture. Combine and reheat. Check seasoning and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds dried large corona beans, soaked overnight in water in refrigerator, 5 quarts water, 3 bay leaves, Salt, 4 tablespoons Spanish olive oil, 2 large white onions, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon saffron stems, Ground black pepper], title: White Beans and Saffron, picturelink: null}, 37427: {instructions: If using charcoal, pile the charcoal in a pyramid. Ignite the charcoal with lighter fluid. Once the top portion of the charcoal has turned white, spread the charcoal out evenly using a fireproof tool such as a metal rake or shovel. Spread the coals over half of the bottom of the grill, leaving the other half empty. If using a gas grill, only ignite one side of the burners.nEvenly spread the meat seasoning over both sides of the ribs. Let stand in the refrigerator unless using right away. Place the ribs over the area where there is no charcoal or the side of the grill that is not hot. Cover and turn every 20 minutes for approximately 1 to 1 12 hours. For the last 10 minutes of cooking, baste ribs with the barbecue sauce and cover again. Turn the ribs over and baste again. Do this every 2 minutes.nWhile on grill, cut the ribs up individually and baste 1 last time., ingredients: [5 pounds charcoal briquettes if using charcoal, Lighter fluid if using charcoal, 6 pounds pork ribs baby back or spareribs, 1 tablespoon barbecue meat seasoning, 1 16ounce bottle barbecue sauce], title: Barbecued Ribs, picturelink: null}, 37428: {instructions: Butter and flour a 9 or 10inch round cake pan and line the base of it with baking parchment. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat the egg yolks and sugar with an electric mixer until the mixture is pale yellow and will hold a ribbon. Drizzle the melted butter around the edges of the bowl and fold the mixture together gently but thoroughly. Set aside. Sift the flour, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt together and set aside. In another, larger mixing bowl, beat the egg whites to the soft peak stage.nFold half of the egg yolk mixture into the beaten egg whites. Fold in the dry ingredients and stir in the dates, pecans, and raisins. Fold in the remaining yolk mixture. Pour the batter into the pan and shake it a little to find its level. Bake for 1 hour, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a rack and then run a sharp knife around the edge to loosen the cake and turn it out onto a platter. Sprinkle confectioners sugar over the top and serve cut into wedges, accompanied by coconut ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [6 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, Pinch of ground cloves, Pinch of salt, 8 large egg whites, 1 12 cups finely chopped dates, 34 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 12 cup raisins, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Coconut ice cream for serving, if desired], title: Date Bread from Mulege, picturelink: null}, 37429: {instructions: Place butter lettuce on a platter. Top with apples. Drizzle with ice cream topping. Top with walnuts., ingredients: [3 Granny Smith apples, sliced into wedges, 1 head butter lettuce, cored and separated into leaves, 34 cup caramel ice cream topping, 1 cup walnuts], title: Caramel Apple Salad, picturelink: null}, 37430: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 jumbo muffin tin 2 linersnFor the crust: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cups of a jumbo muffin tin with liners, and coat with cooking spray.nPulse the graham crackers, butter and sugar in a food processor until fine and crumbly the mixture should hold together when squeezed. Divide the mixture evenly between the 2 liners, and press it into the bottoms and about 14 inch up the sides with your fingers. Bake until the crusts are slightly golden, about 8 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the filling: Wipe out the food processor. Process the cream cheese, sour cream, sugar, egg, flour, lemon zest, vanilla and salt until smooth. Divide the batter between the 2 liners. Fill all the empty muffin cups about halfway with water. Bake the cheesecakes until they are just set in the center and just barely jiggle, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature in the tin on a cooling rack.nPop the cheesecakes out of the tin with the help of a large spoon, and refrigerate loosely covered until chilled, 4 hours up to overnight. Before serving, stir the strawberries and jam together, and top the cheesecakes with the mixture, dividing evenly., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 graham crackers, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 2 large strawberries, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon strawberry jam], title: Cheesecake for Two, picturelink: oUzScdahefz751IEk925gKNzeqIAOFG}, 37431: {instructions: Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil. Add dry elbow pasta to boiling water and cook for about 10 minutes or until al dente, drain and reserve.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add onion, bell pepper and jalapeno. Saute for 4 to 5 minutes or until tender. Add chicken, cilantro, salt, cumin, pepper and tomatoes saute for 3 to 4 more minutes, remove from heat and set aside.nIn a separate large pot over medium heat, melt butter. Remove from heat and whisk in flour, salt and pepper until smooth. Place back on mediumhigh heat, slowly whisk in milk and bring to a boil while continuously whisking. Reduce heat and stir in Cheddar, Monterey Jack, smoked Cheddar and cream cheese until melted and smooth.nStir in cooked elbow noodles and chicken mixture. Pour mac and cheese mixture into a greased 3 quart casserole dish. In a medium bowl, combine the melted butter and bread crumbs. Toss to coat and sprinkle crumbs and pepitas over top of mac and cheese. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until cheese is bubbly and crumbs browned. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound dry elbow pasta noodles, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped white onion, 14 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped jalapeno, seeds and membrane removed, 2 cups cooked shredded rotisserie chicken, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 14ounce can tomatoes with green chiles, mild version, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups whole milk, 2 12 cups shredded medium Cheddar, 2 12 cups shredded Monterey Jack, 12 cup shredded smoked Cheddar, 12 cup cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 cup plain panko bread crumbs, 1 cup coarsely ground roasted salted pepitas pumpkin seeds], title: Pepita Crusted Cheddar Jack Southwest Chicken Mac, picturelink: null}, 37432: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except oil, in a large bowl. While stirring, add olive till the mixture is a slushy consistency. Submerge steaks in mixture, rubbing it into the surface of the steaks. Marinate steaks in mixture for approximately 30 minutes. Preheat grill to 425 to 450 degrees F and place steaks on grill, flipping halfway through. To cook a 16ounce steak to preferred doneness, cook for: rare, 2 to 3 minutes on each side, mediumrare, 4 to 5 minutes on each side and medium, 6 to 7 minutes on each side, ingredients: [12 cup steak rub, 4 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons course black pepper, 12 tablespoon white pepper, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 4 tablespoons rib rub, 5 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup brown sugar, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 14 cup chopped fresh rosemary, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon, 14 cup chopped fresh thyme, Olive oil, as needed, 15 steaks], title: RibEye Steak Rub, picturelink: null}, 37433: {instructions: To prepare the sauce, simmer the chicken broth, onion, ginger, lemon grass, lime leaves, and lime juice together until the liquid is reduced by half. Then, add fish sauce, coconut milk, curry paste, and paprika cook for 10 minutes.nSeason the rice flour with salt and pepper, lightly dredge the shrimp in the flour tap off excess. Heat peanut oil in a skillet until very hot. Add the coated shrimp to the hot oil and cook about 2 minutes each side. Add the mussels, asparagus tips, and shiitakes. Cook for 2 minutes just until heated through. Strain the sauce over the shellfish and vegetables. Poach the Udon noodles in hot salted water, drain and place in a warm bowl. Add the shellfish sauce. Top with pea tendrils, herbs, cashews, and sprouts., ingredients: [1 quart chicken broth, low sodium, 12 white onion, 1 2inch piece fresh peeled ginger, 2 stalks lemon grass, white part only, cracked open, 4 kaffir lime leaves, fresh or dried, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons Thai fish sauce, 1 13ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste, Pinch paprika, Rice flour, for dredging, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 dozen mussels, steamed, 1 bunch asparagus, tips only, 8 ounces shiitake mushroom caps, sliced, 1 pound fresh Udon noodles, 12 pea tendrils, 12 cup roughly chopped mint leaves, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup chopped cashews, Daikon sprouts, for garnish], title: Shrimp and Mussel Thai Noodle Bowl, picturelink: null}, 37434: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush two 9inchround cake pans with vegetable oil dust with flour and tap out the excess.nMake the cake: Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Combine the granulated sugar, vegetable oil, buttermilk, eggs and vanilla in a large bowl whisk until smooth. Whisk in the food coloring, then add the flour mixture and whisk until smooth.nSpread 34 cup batter in each of the prepared pans youll have a very thin layer of batter set the remaining batter aside. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cake comes out clean and the top springs back when pressed, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool about 5 minutes in the pans, then invert the cakes onto the rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, cool the pans under cold water, then wipe clean. Brush with oil and dust with flour again. Repeat to make 2 more cake layers, using 34 cup batter for each, then repeat again. You will have 6 layers.nMake the frosting: Beat the cream cheese, butter and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until fluffy. Beat in the vanilla, then beat in the confectioners sugar in three additions until smooth.nPut 1 cake layer on a serving plate and spread evenly with a scant 1 cup frosting. Repeat with the remaining 5 cake layers, then frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting in a thin layer just enough so the nonpareils will stick. Refrigerate until the frosting is just set but still soft, about 10 minutes.nPut the cake on the plate on a rimmed baking sheet. Cover the top and sides completely with the nonpareils, reusing the ones that fall onto the baking sheet.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [1 13 cups vegetable oil, plus more for the pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons red gel food coloring, For the frosting:, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup one 3.8ounce container red, white and blue nonpareils], title: Red Velvet Fireworks Cake, picturelink: IoUCqDKKTRanSUfFWrMPcAyKgB05bbu}, 37435: {instructions: Heat a fireplace to medium heat. Adjust the grill racks over the flame and heat a heavy Dutch oven over the rack. Alternatively, heat a medium saucepan over medium heat.nOnce hot, add the oil to the saucepan. Add the pancetta and render some of its fat. Add the rosemary and garlic, and saute until fragrant. Stir in the beans, lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Mash the beans with the back of a wooden spoon. Dont mash them all smooth, you want some texture.nToast the baguette slices. Serve the beans on top of the toasted baguette. Drizzle with olive oil if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves removed, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and thickly sliced, Two 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, Squeeze of lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Baguette, sliced], title: White Beans and Rosemary Crostini, picturelink: null}, 37436: {instructions: Special equipment: steamernDough: Pour the water into a large bowl and then sprinkle the yeast over the top. Let stand until the mixture is foamy, about 10 minutes. Add the oil and the salt and mix well. Slowly add the flour to the yeast mixture, 12 cup at a time, and stir. The dough should be slightly sticky. Knead the dough on a floured surface until it is smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Oil a large bowl and then place the dough in the bowl and turn it to coat with oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let stand in a warm area until it has doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Filling: In a medium bowl, mix all ingredients together. Refrigerate until ready to use. Assembly: Roll out dough until very thin about 18inch thick. With a pastry cutter, cookie cutter, or knife, cut out 3inch to 3 12inch circles. Put a small spoonful of filling in the middle of each circle. Fold the dough over while holding it in 1 hand, and use your other hand to pinch the edges and seal the halfmoon shaped dumpling. If the dough sticks to your fingers, use a little oil on your hands. Heat the water for your steamer and oil the inserts surface. Steam the momos, a few at a time, so that they dont touch each other. Steam until the dough looks transparent, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately with the Dipping Sauce on the side.nHeat the white wine in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, shallots, and cumin and cook until very lightly sauteed set aside. Heat the olive oil in another medium skillet over high heat. Add the tomatoes and cook on high heat until they split open and their juice comes out. Add the salt, cilantro, and dill. Saute for another minute and remove the pan from the heat. Let cool to room temperature. Transfer everything to a food processor or a blender and process until fairly smooth. Serve sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 4 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for bowl, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 cups organic flour, plus additional for surface, 2 pounds ground freerange turkey, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 bunch green onions, chopped green part only, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons white wine, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 large shallots, chopped, 1 tablespoon dried cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pint organic cherry tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill], title: Momos, picturelink: null}, 37437: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nCombine the onions, flour, panko and salt in a large mixing bowl and toss to combine. Coat a sheet pan with nonstick spray and evenly spread the onions on the pan. Bake in the oven until golden brown, tossing every 10 minutes, for approximately 30 minutes. Once done, remove from the oven and set aside until ready to use.nTurn the oven down to 400 degrees F.nWhile the onions are cooking, prepare the beans. Bring a gallon of water and 2 tablespoons of salt to a boil in an 8quart saucepan. Blanch for 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and immediately plunge the beans into a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and set aside.nMelt the butter in a 12inch castiron skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms begin to give up some of their liquid, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and nutmeg and continue to cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture and stir to combine. Cook for 1 minute. Add the broth and simmer for 1 minute. Add the halfandhalf and cook until the mixture thickens, approximately 6 to 8 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in 14 of the onions and all of the green beans. Top with the remaining onions. Place into the oven and bake until bubbly, approximately 15 minutes. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Nonstick spray, 1 pound fresh green beans, rinsed and trimmed, 1 gallon water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 ounces mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Not Your Mamas Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 37438: {instructions: Heat oil over medium low heat in heavy Dutch oven. Add onion and garlic, stir, add salt, pepper, sugar, cumin and coriander, and cook slowly 1015 minutes until onions are translucent. Add carrots, rice, bay leaf and stock or water and cook 30 minutes, or until rice is puffed up and carrots can be crushed against side of pot with wooden spoon. Pass through food mill into clean pot. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Bring back to a simmer, then serve garnished with crispy shallots.nHeat oil to 360 degrees. Separate the shallot slices into rings and place in medium bowl. Sprinkle flour over and toss lightly to coat evenly. Working with a small handful at a time, sprinkle shallots over oil and stir gently. Fry until golden brown, 13 minutes. Remove with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt. Repeat with remaining shallots, salting while still warm. Use as garnish for Spiced Carrot Soup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 34 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 pound medium carrots, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 12 cup raw white rice, 1 bay leaf, 1 quart chicken stock, vegetable stock, or water, Crispy fried shallots, recipe follows, 10 to 15 shallots, peeled and sliced very thinly crosswise with a mandoline or knife, 4 teaspoons flour, Oil for deep frying: 3 inches neutral vegetable oil in heavy pot, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Spiced Carrot Soup, picturelink: null}, 37439: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease 2 baking sheets or line with parchment paper.nIn a heavy saucepan bring water to a boil with butter and salt over high heat and reduce heat to moderate. Add flour all at once and beat with a wooden spoon until mixture pulls away from side of pan.nTransfer mixture to a bowl and with an electric mixer on highspeed beat in 4 eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Batter should be stiff enough to just hold soft peaks and fall softly from a spoon. If batter is too stiff, in a small bowl beat remaining egg lightly and add to batter a little at a time, beating on high speed, until batter is desired consistency.nStir Gruyere into pate a choux and arrange level tablespoons about 1inch apart on baking sheets. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, 30 minutes, or until puffed, golden, and crisp.nGougeres keep, chilled in sealable plastic bags 2 days or frozen 1 week. Reheat gougeres, uncovered in a preheated 350 degree oven 10 minutes if chilled or 15 minutes if unthawed frozen., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 to 5 large eggs, 1 12 cups coarsely grated Gruyere], title: Miniature Gougeres, picturelink: null}, 37440: {instructions: Pound the turkey and grill about 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Follow the directions on the box for the couscous. Slice and cut the vegetables and add them to the couscous. Place the oil in a wok or wide fry pan. Heat oil to 365 degrees. Rinse the potatoes in cold water and when the oil is very hot, add them to the oil and fry until golden brown., ingredients: [2 turkey tenderlions, 1 box couscous, Celery, Yellow pepper, Green beans, Red onion, 4 to 6 potatoes, French Fry cut, 4 cups oil], title: Grilled Turkey Burgers alla Rockville with Fresh French Fries and Garden Couscous, picturelink: null}, 37441: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Butter and flour a 10inch cake pan. Combine dry ingredients and set aside. Whip eggs until frothy, about 3 to 4 minutes then add oil and orange juice and mix thoroughly. Add dry ingredients and beat with whip at low speed until thoroughly combined.nFold in apples and walnuts and pour into prepared cake pan. Bake at 325 degrees for 1 hour or until firm on top. Cover with aluminum foil if top gets too brown. Cool on rack 5 minutes, then invert onto rack and cool completely. Serve with guava cream cheese topping spread over the top.nMash all ingredients in a bowl with a fork until light and fluffy., ingredients: [2 cups white sugar, 2 cups all purpose flour, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoon baking soda, 2 eggs, 1 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 4 cups Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and finely chopped about 4 to 6 apples, 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 14 cup guava jam, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 5 ounces cream cheese, room temperature], title: Spiced Apple Cake, picturelink: null}, 37442: {instructions: Divide prepared rice pudding among bowls and top with chopped mango. Drizzle with warm dulce de leche and sprinkle with toasted coconut.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Mango Rice Pudding, picturelink: 1cFQVPt.3vlv2EAlexIfUPInzTqL2K}, 37443: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan over low heat, melt the butter add the onion and a pinch of salt and sweat until translucent. Add the garlic and continue to cook for another minute. Add the spinach and lemon zest and cook until just heated through. Season with the salt and pepper, add the parsley, and stir to combine. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nPlace the heavy cream and wine into a saucepan over medium heat. Once the mixture begins to simmer, gradually add the cheese and stir until melted. Set aside and keep warm.nIf the fillets are large, cut in half. Season each filet on both sides with salt and pepper. Divide the spinach mixture evenly among the fillets and roll the fish around the mixture. Place the rice into a 2 12quart casserole dish and spread evenly. Place each roll on top of the rice, seam side down. Pour over the cheese sauce and place in the oven for 25 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for the sweat and for seasoning fillets, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 lemon, zested, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning fillets, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup white wine, 10 ounces grated Cheddar, 1 12 to 2 pounds flounder fillets, 3 cups leftover cooked rice], title: Baked Stuffed Flounder, picturelink: WVDmKFGSbF8KXqMEyf0OwetlpcciD.}, 37444: {instructions: In a food processor combine the garlic, yellow tomatoes and bell peppers. Puree and thin with olive oil, vinegar to taste and some water if too thick. Season well to taste with salt and pepper.nSeed the squash and cut into 14inch dice. Cut the bread into 12inch dice, drizzle with olive oil, salt and pepper and bake in a 400 degree oven for about 10 minutes or until somewhat crisp and brown.nLadle soup into chilled soup bowls garnish with squash and croutons and center some red tomatoes and black olives in middle of each portion if you like., ingredients: [2 cloves peeled garlic, boiled for 5 minutes, 1 pound yellow tomatoes, 1 pound yellow bell peppers, peeled with a vegetable peeler and seeded, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Ice water, 1 yellow squash, 4 slices crustless white sandwich bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 small oil cured olives, pitted and cut into slivers, 1 ripe red tomato, seeded and cut into dice], title: Gazpacho Blond, picturelink: null}, 37445: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 4ounce ramekins or 2 12inch metal collars or chocolate cups 2 pastry bags fitted with large plain tips or 2 thick, lockable plastic bags A piece of flat, stiff plastic the same diameter as your ramekins or chocolate cupsnDark Mousse: In a bowl over barely simmering water, melt the bittersweet chocolate. Heat the milk in a saucepan until almost simmering and whisk it into the melted chocolate. Fold the whipped cream into the hot chocolate mixture it will be rather soupy. Let cool slightly and transfer to a pastry bag or lockable plastic bag. Refrigerate at least 1 hour.nWhite Mousse: In a bowl over barely simmering water, melt the white chocolate. Heat the creme fraiche in a saucepan until almost simmering and whisk it into the melted chocolate. Fold the whipped cream into the hot chocolate mixture it will be rather soupy. Let cool slightly and transfer to a pastry bag or lockable plastic bag. Refrigerate at least 1 hour. The recipe can be made up to this point and kept refrigerated up to 2 days in advance.nInsert the piece of plastic across the center perpendicular to the bottom of a ramekin or chocolate cup, so it divides the interior in half. If using plastic bags for piping, cut a corner off of each one. Pipe dark chocolate mousse on one side of the plastic, then white on the other. Pull out the plastic, and repeat. Refrigerate the ramekins until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, make chocolate curls by shaving milk chocolate into curls with a sturdy vegetable peeler, and dont worry if they break up into shards. Shards look nice, too. Remove the mousses from the refrigerator. If using collar molds, warm the metal with a hot, damp cloth and then lift off. Sprinkle the chocolate curls on top and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks, 6 ounces white chocolate, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks, Milk chocolate, optional], title: Black and White Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 37446: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the black pepper, the green pepper, the white pepper, and the salt. Rub the meat with the peppersalt mixture. Sear meat in hot skillet until browned all over. If tenderloin is too large for skillet, cut meat in half. In an oiled roasting pan roast the fillet in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 130 degrees F for mediumrare meat, and let it cool to room temperature.nThe fillet may be roasted 2 days in advance and kept wrapped and chilled. Slice the fillet crosswise, arrange it on a cutting board or platter, and garnish it with the parsley. Serve the beef with the Sour Cream Horseradish.nCombine all ingredients. Chill., ingredients: [1 tablespoon black peppercorns, ground coarsely, 2 teaspoons dried green peppercorns, ground coarsely, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, ground coarsely, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 trimmed 3 to 3 12pound fillet of beef, tied, at room temperature, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, is desired, Sour Cream Horseradish Sauce, as accompaniments, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 3 teaspoons horseradish, Salt and pepper, Paprika], title: Cold Roast Fillet of Beef with Cracked Pepper Crust, picturelink: null}, 37447: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl combine the veal, parsley, bread crumbs, eggs, garlic, gingerroot, coriander, oregano, herbes de Provence, lemon pepper, lemon juice, and salt. With dampened hands, form the mixture into meatballs, each about 2 inches in diameter.nArrange 4 meatballs interspersed with vegetables of choice, except tomatoes, on six long skewers and place in a baking pan. Brush kabobs with vegetable oil.nBake the kabobs for 20 minutes, or until juices run clear. If desired, add cherry tomatoes and place under a preheated broiler about 3 to 4 inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes, turning, until golden brown., ingredients: [2 pounds ground veal, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons bread crumbs, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 2 teaspoons finely minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced ginger root, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 1 lemon, juiced, or to taste, Salt, Assorted vegetables, such as green or red bell pepper, cherry tomatoes, zucchini, and onion, all cubed except tomatoes, for the kabobs, as desired, Vegetable oil], title: Jimmys Habibi Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 37448: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add milk and egg and beat until smooth. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add to creamed mixture. Mix until moistened. Toss blueberries with flour and fold into batter. Fill a wellgreased muffin pan 23 full with the batter. Bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 34 cup sifted flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Blueberry Muffins, picturelink: null}, 37449: {instructions: How to Peel Pearl Onions Without Blanching:nPlace pearl onions in a bowl. Pour boiling water over onions. Let stand for 1 minute. Drain in a colander and rinse with cold water. Cut off the tiny root ends of the onions.nPeel off the thin outermost peel with a paring knife.nHow to Make a Pan Sauce:nSauteing is an excellent way to cook steaks. The high heat forms a savory crust on the outside of the meat, and the meat is able to cook quickly enough that it stays moist and juicy. An added advantage of sauteing steaks is that it gives you caramelized juices that can be deglazed with a variety of liquids and slightly thickened to make a quick pan sauce.nPour out and discard the fat from the pan skillet in which you have cooked a steak. Pour about 12 cup liquidXsuch as stock or wine into the hot pan. Scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to dissolve the caramelized juices. Reduce the wine until only a few tablespoons remain. Add beef or brown chicken stock and reduce again until the sauce is lightly syrupy. Swirl in butter until the sauce is thickened to a desired consistency. Spoon sauce over meat or pass in a sauce boat at the table.nHow to Make Persillade:nCombine in a small bowl:nGarlic crushed to a pastenFinely chopped parsleynLittle olive oilnh Optionalsometimes bread crumbs.nh Other herbs such as thyme, marjoram, and oregano can be added instead of the parsley.nUses:nh Add to hot sauteed vegetables for 1 to 2 minutes before the end of cooking and toss to stir so that the persillade comes in contact with the heat of the pan and releases its flavor.nh Use persillade to coat the surface of roasts, especially rack of lamb, to create a crust.nh To flavor baked tomatoes or roasted potatoes.nHow to Tie a Piece of Beef Tenderloin:nTrim a whole tenderloin of beef. Tuck head and tail under so that thickness is uniform. Tie with string., ingredients: [], title: TechniquesMiscellaneous, picturelink: null}, 37450: {instructions: In a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, combine corn flour, water, and butter. Mix until incorporated into dough. Let dough rest for 12 hour.nIn a medium saute pan melt lard. Add onion and pork and cook until translucent, set aside and cool.nPortion the dough in small balls, approximately 1 ounce, and flatten with hands. Place approximately 1 tablespoon of the pork stuffing on top of each flattened dough and sprinkle with cheese. Cover with another flattened disk of dough and seal edges by pinching them together.nCook in electric flat top or cast iron griddle for approximately 4 minutes on each side or until golden brown. Serve with refried beans., ingredients: [1 pound corn flour, ground for tortillas, 1 cup water, 13 cup melted butter, 2 tablespoons lard, 1 onion, cut into small dice, 8 ounces roasted pork, diced, 8 ounces queso blanco, grated, Salt], title: Salvadorian White Corn Cakes with Pork, Beans, and Cheese: Pupusas, picturelink: null}, 37451: {instructions: Place chili pastes in bowl and add water. Mix the remaining ingredients together to make a thin mixture. Put shrimp in marinade and refrigerate overnight. Place shrimp on skewers, 4 pieces on each skewer, and grill., ingredients: [12 cup water, 12 cup Thai chili soy paste, 12 cup sweet chili paste, 12 tablespoon chopped ginger, 12 tablespoon garlic, 12 cup chopped Chinese parsley leaves, 16 shrimp, Sugar cane stalk, cut into skewers], title: Sugar Cane Skewered Shrimp, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 37452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an 8inch cardboard cake circle a pastry bag fitted with a medium plain tip or a resealable plastic bagnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat two 8inchround cake pans with cooking spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper. Whisk the cocoa powder and 1 12 cups boiling water in a medium bowl until smooth set aside. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Add the eggs, vegetable oil, sour cream and vanilla and beat with a mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the cocoa mixture in a steady stream until just combined, then finish mixing with a rubber spatula.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and tap the pans against the counter to help the batter settle. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level.nFor the ganache: Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring the heavy cream and corn syrup to a simmer in a small saucepan. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let stand 5 minutes, then stir until completely smooth. Let the ganache sit until it has cooled and thickened to a spreadable consistency, 20 to 30 minutes.nPlace 1 cake layer on a cardboard cake circle on a wire rack set over a baking sheet to catch any drips. Spread about 12 cup of the ganache on top and place the second cake layer cutside down over the ganache. Dollop half of the remaining ganache on top and spread with a large offset spatula so the ganache covers the top of the cake and slowly runs down the sides. Repeat with the remaining ganache, using the offset spatula to make a smooth, even layer over the surface and around the sides of the cake. Refrigerate until set, 30 minutes to 1 hour.nTo decorate: Melt the white chocolate chips in a small microwavesafe bowl in the microwave in 15 second intervals on 50 percent power until melted, stirring after each interval. Let sit 5 minutes, then transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a medium plain tip. Alternatively, transfer to a resealable plastic bag and snip off a corner. Pipe a straight line through the center of the cake from top to bottom, then another line through the center from left to right, dividing the cake into quarters. Pipe 2 more lines to divide the cake into eighths. Pipe a circle of white chocolate around the edge of the cake. Pipe a small circle where the points intersect in the center of the cake. Place a candycoated chocolate near the tip of each point for reindeer noses one of them will be red. Add 2 reindeer eyes above each nose. Stick 2 pretzel twist pieces above each pair of eyes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the pan, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder natural or Dutch process, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 7 brown candycovered chocolates, 1 red candycoated chocolate, 16 small candy eyes, 16 pieces pretzel twists, broken into antler shapes], title: Chocolate Reindeer Cake, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 37453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBeans: In a large pot, combine the beans, the whole half onion, carrot, celery, whole garlic cloves, bay leaves and thyme bundle. Fill the pot with water to cover the surface of the beans by 2 inches. DO NOT add salt here Adding salt at this point can prevent the beans from cooking and make the skins of the beans tough or make them break. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour and then do the 5 bean test. Bite 5 beans, if they are all properly cooked, continue on, if not cook the beans for another 10 to 15 minutes and try again.nWhen the beans are cooked, turn off the heat and season the water abundantly with salt. This will allow the beans to absorb seasoning without making the skins tough. Let the beans sit in the salted water for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the onion, carrot, celery, garlic, thyme and bay leaves. Reserve 1 cup of bean cooking water, strain the beans and set aside.nStew: This can be started while the chickpeas are cooking Multitasking WoohoonCoat a large wide pot with olive oil, then add the diced onions, salt, to taste, crushed red pepper, ground cumin and fennel seeds. Bring the oil to a medium heat and cook the spices until they are very aromatic and the onions are soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the 2 smashed garlic cloves and cook another 2 minutes. Add the diced tomatoes, and zucchini. Season with salt and taste, adjust the seasoning if needed it will. Cook the tomatozucchini mixture for about 15 minutes. Add in the cooked chickpeas and reserved bean cooking water and simmer until all the bean water has evaporated and the mixture looks like a stew, 15 to 20 minutes.nTransfer the stew to a serving bowl and serve immediately or at room temperature.nHey chickpea, ingredients: [1 pound dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, 1 large onion, 12 cut into 12inch dice and the other half left whole, 1 carrot, peeled, 1 rib celery, 4 cloves garlic, 2 whole and 2 smashed and finely chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 thyme bundle, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, coarsely ground, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely ground, 3 beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, reserve the seeds and juices, 2 large zucchini, green part only, cut into 12inch dice], title: Stewed Chickpeas with Tomatoes and Zucchini, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 37454: {instructions: Melt the chocolate in a double broiler over simmering water. Add the espresso and warm milk and stir well to combine. Adjust sweetness by adding sugar, if needed. Pour into cups or mugs and garnish with whipped cream and marshmallows., ingredients: [8 ounces dark semisweet chocolate, Espresso shot or 2 teaspoons dark instant coffee last resort, please, 2 cups warm milk, Sugar, Whipped cream, Miniature marshmallows], title: Extremely Potent Chocolate Espresso Drink, picturelink: null}, 37455: {instructions: Stir together the lime zest, lime juice, sugar and 34 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Add the watermelon, cucumber, mango, jalapeno, onion and basil and toss gently. Chill the salsa until ready to serve.nAdd the garlic salt just before serving. Serve with chips.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons lime zest from about 1 lime, 14 cup fresh lime juice from about 3 limes, 1 tablespoon sugar, Freshly ground pepper, 3 cups seeded and finely chopped watermelon, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 mango, peeled and diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 8 fresh basil leaves, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, Tortilla or pita chips, for serving], title: Watermelon Salsa, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 37456: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Brush a baking sheet with olive oil. Form the pizza dough into a 9by12inch oval on the baking sheet cover loosely with plastic wrap and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nCombine the asiago, parmesan and garlic in a bowl set aside. Brush the grill grates with olive oil. Generously brush the top of the dough with olive oil and place on the grill grates grill until golden on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and continue grilling until marked, about 2 more minutes. Loosen the crust with a spatula, then top with the cheese mixture. Cover and cook until the cheese melts, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board.nMeanwhile, combine the fennel, escarole, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the vinegar and red pepper flakes in a bowl season with salt and pepper and toss. Scatter the salad over the pizza and top with the pancetta season with salt. Cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 4 ounces pancetta, diced about 12 cup, 4 cups shredded asiago cheese about 8 ounces, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 1 small bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and thinly sliced, 12 small head escarole, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled White Pizza with Fennel Salad, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 37457: {instructions: A day or two before making the fish cakes, put the cod to soak in cold water. Change the water four or five times during this period.nDrain the cod and rinse it well under cold running water. Cover with fresh water in a saucepan, bring to a boil and simmer for 20 minutes or until cod is soft.nWhile the cod is simmering, cook the potatoes in their skins, then peel and mash with butter and milk.nWhen the cod is ready, drain it thoroughly and remove the skin and bones. Shred the cod with a couple of forks. Add the creamed potatoes, parsley, mint, pepper, egg yolks, and the port. Mix thoroughly. Whisk the egg whites until stiff, then fold into the cod mixture.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer or heavy deep pot to 375 degrees F.nTake a lump of the mixture, about the size of a small egg, and mold it in your hand to make a torpedo shape. Deep fry, in small batches, until crisp and brown all over. Drain on paper towels and serve hot., ingredients: [10 ounces thick salt cod, 8 ounces floury potatoes russets, Butter, Milk, 3 heaped tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 1 heaped tablespoon finely chopped mint, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, separated, 1 tablespoon Port, Oil for deep frying], title: Bolinos de Bacalhau Portuguese Cod Cakes, picturelink: null}, 37458: {instructions: Heat a comal or a cast iron skillet over medium heat until a drop of water sizzles on contact. Remove the stems and seeds from the chiles and wipe them clean with a dry cloth. Place them on the comal and toast them, just until their aroma is released, 30 to 60 seconds. Be careful not to burn them. Place the chiles in a bowl and cover them with boiling water. Let them soak until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain the chiles and discard the liquid. Place the chiles, oregano, garlic, and the 2 cups of water in a blender and blend to a smooth puree. Add more water if the sauce is too thick. Place the oil in a medium size saucepan. Heat the oil over medium high heat until it is rippling. Add the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until golden. Add the chile puree and salt to the pan and reduce the heat to low. It may splatter as you pour it in, so be careful. Cook, stirring often, until the raw taste is gone and the flavor of the chiles has mellowed, about 10 minutes. Finish the sauce with the sugar and vinegar. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator up to a week or indefinitely in the freezer., ingredients: [6 ounces large, medium hot whole dried red guajillo chiles, Boiling water to cover, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 2 teaspoons sea salt, or to taste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon vinegar], title: Salsa de Chile Colorado, picturelink: null}, 37459: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Stir thoroughly. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.nPlace in a serving dish and serve hot., ingredients: [1 15ounce can, nosalt added black beans, 1 10ounce can diced tomatoes with chiles in sauce recommended: Rotel, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic recommended: Christopher Ranch, 12 cup frozen chopped onion recommended: OreIda, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Best Black Beans, picturelink: nIfhndIn4PbH2PIlo08q..Ml8bARCCe}, 37460: {instructions: While the meringue is baking, prepare the chocolate mousse. Heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place 6ounces of semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with film wrap. Allow the chocolate to melt slowly, about 9 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth keep at room temperature until needed.nPlace 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Whisk on high speed until peaks form, about 1 minute. Set aside for a few minutes until needed.nWhisk 3 egg whites in a large stainlesssteel bowl, until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and continue to whisk until stiff peaks form, about 2 to 2 12 minutes. Add a 14 of the whipped cream to the chocolate and whisk quickly, vigorously, and thoroughly, then add to the egg whites. Now add the remaining whipped cream. Fold all together gently but thoroughly. Refrigerate the chocolate mousse until needed., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 egg whites, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Death By Chocolate: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 37461: {instructions: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut the white chocolate in a medium bowl. Set aside. In a small saucepan, over low heat, add the cream and milk and heat until hot but not boiling. Pour the cream mixture over the chocolate and stir until smooth. In another medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks, sugar, lemon zest, and salt together until smooth. Slowly whisk the cream mixture into the egg mixture until smooth. Ladle the custard into 4 4ounce ramekins or custard cups. Arrange the ramekins in an 8 by 8inch square baking dish. Pour enough hot water in the baking dish to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 30 minutes until the custard is almost set and still slightly soft in the center custard will set as it cools. Let the ramekins cool for 30 minutes in the baking dish. Remove the ramekins from the water and refrigerate for 3 hours or up to 1 day.nGarnish with fresh raspberries and serve., ingredients: [2 3 12ounce bars white chocolate chopped into 14inch pieces recommended: Lindt 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup whole milk, 4 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons lemon zest, Pinch fine sea salt, 12 cup fresh raspberries, Special equipment: 4 4ounce ramekins or custard cups], title: Lemon and White Chocolate Pots de Creme, picturelink: null}, 37462: {instructions: Place the chile, onion, and cilantro into the molcajete. Crush and mix the ingredients together. This brings out the heat of the chile, the flavors of the fresh cilantro, and the natural juices of the onion. Score the avocado halves with the tip of the spoon and scoop all the flesh into the molcajete. Mash the avocado and combine it with the muddled onion, cilantro, and chile. Top the mixture with the diced tomato and serve with the warm flour tortillas or corn tortilla chips.nA molcajete is a traditional Mexican mortar and pestle made from porous basalt volcanic rock. Another type of mortar and pestle may also be used., ingredients: [1 serrano chile, seeds removed and minced, 14 cup diced red onion, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 Hass avocados, halved, pitted, and sprinkled with liberal amount of salt, 1 Roma tomato, diced, Flour tortillas or corn tortilla chips], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 37463: {instructions: Wash spinach in several changes of cold water until there is no trace of sand on them. remove stem from leaves. Drain well. Chill in the refrigerator. Wash the mushrooms and dry them well. Trim off the bottoms of the stems. Cut the mushroom into thin slices. Place the spinach into a medium bowl. Toss the mushroom and spinach together. Portion the salad onto chilled salad plates or bowls. Garnish with red onion and tomatoes.nFor the dressing: Add all ingredients into small bowl. Whisk ingredients together using a wire whip for about one minute. Season with salt and pepper, then spoon over salad., ingredients: [1 bunch California spinach, 6 white mushroom, 1 tomato, 2 slices red onion, 12 cup champagne wine vinegar, 1 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 2 teaspoon sugar, Saltpepper], title: Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 37464: {instructions: For the seasoning mixture: In a small bowl, combine the paprika, salt, onion powder, black pepper, cayenne, garlic powder, mustard and thyme. Mix to blend. Set aside.nFor the collards: Remove the stems and ribs from the collard greens. Stack the leaves and roll them up like a cigar. Slice into 1inch strips. Wash in cold water and shake off excess.nHeat the olive oil in a large stockpot over mediumlow heat. Add the bacon, onions and garlic saute until the onions have softened and are just starting to color, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the seasoning mixture and mix well. Add the chicken stock, vinegar and 2 cups water. Stir, then add the collard greens and ham hock to the pot. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce to a simmer. Cook for about 2 hours, or until the collards are tender, stirring every 20 minutes.nRemove the ham hock and pull all the meat from the bone. Chop into smaller pieces, then return to the pot. Stir to combine. Remove the collard and meat mixture from the pot, shake off excess cooking liquid and transfer to a serving plate., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 4 bunches collard greens, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 yellow onion, diced, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 5 cups chicken stock storebought or homemade, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 smoked ham hock], title: Collard Greens, picturelink: Gu2Psn2WkaPjgg4Js96re81mi8Thwnu}, 37465: {instructions: Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the seeds into a saucepan. Add the vanilla pod, milk, cream, sugar, cinnamon stick and salt bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat, cover and steep 15 minutes.nWhisk the cornstarch and egg yolks in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the warm milk mixture, then pour the mixture back into the saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook, whisking constantly, until thick, about 3 minutes. Stir in the butter. Pour the pudding through a finemesh sieve into a bowl let cool slightly.nDivide most of the cookie crumbs among small glasses. Top with the pudding. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours. Top with the remaining cookie crumbs.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 vanilla bean, 4 cups whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 soft oatmealraisin cookies, crumbled], title: VanillaCookie Pudding, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 37466: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice baguette up into thin rounds and lay out on a roasting tray. Drizzle with olive oil and season with a little salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bake in the oven for about 78 minutes until golden brown then set aside.nPlace the whole log of goat cheese in the oven, depending on the shape you may choose to cut the log in half, and bake for 57 minutes until it is warm through and just starting to melt.nServe warm goat cheese with crostini and fresh olive tapenade., ingredients: [1 small round approx 8ox Goat cheese, firm and good quality NOT the log, should have a nice aged casing, 1 jar olive tapenade, 1 french baguette, extravirgin olive oil, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Goat Cheese with Olive Tapenade and Crostini, picturelink: null}, 37467: {instructions: It is important that the sweet potato risotto dice are all the same size. Traditional risotto cooking technique is used. In a 2 quart casserole, first saute the shallots in butter and season. Add the sweet potato and saute. Slowly add the hot chicken stock, one ladle at a time. Only add more stock after the previous ladle is fully absorbed. Continue adding stock until the risotto gets creamy, but not mushy. The individual grains of risotto should remain distinct.nSeason the scallops with salt and pepper. In very hot saute pan, coat with oil and sear the scallops until brown. Flip scallops and brown other side. Total cooking time should be about 8 minutes. Wipe pan out, return to high heat, coat with canola oil, add garlic and ginger and saute until soft. Add chanterelles and season. Cook for about 6 to 8 minutes.nIn a stainless steel bowl, mix lemon juice, truffle oil and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Toss vinaigrette with the haricots verts. Check for seasoning. Garnish with chives.nWrap the sweet potato hair around a slice of purple potato. In a 300degree fryer, fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Salt to taste and drain well.nPLATINGnUsing a ring mold or pvc pipe, fill bottom third with the hot chanterelles, then cover with risotto. Place in the center of a plate. Surround with scallops and top with haricot verts salad. Garnish with truffle oil, chive batons and funky garnish., ingredients: [4 shallots, brunoise, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 large sweet potatoes, brunoise needs to be the size of risotto, 3 to 4 cups hot chicken broth, 2 pounds large scallops, U10s or bigger 10 scallopspound, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 pound chanterelles, cleaned, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 1 pound haricot verts, blanched and shocked, 1 bunch chives cut into batons 1inch, Truffle oil to garnish, Salt and Black pepper to taste, 1 large sweet potato, spaghetti cut using turning slicer, 1 Peruvian purple potato, peeled and sliced, Salt to taste, Canola oil for frying], title: Seared Scallops with Sweet Potato Risotto and Chanterelles TruffleHaricot Verts Salad, picturelink: null}, 37468: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to aboil. Add the chard and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes remove with tongs and set aside in a colander to cool. Return the water to a boil. Add the rice and cook until al dente, 15 to 20 minutes drain and set aside. Squeeze out the excess moisture from the chard and roughly chop.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Pulse the pancetta, garlic, rosemary, red pepper flakes and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor to make a coarse paste. Transfer to a bowl and add the rice, chard, gruyere, raisins, scallions, basil, parsley, lemon zest and nutmeg. Add the beaten eggs and toss.nTransfer the rice mixture to the prepared baking dish. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until heated through, 50 minutes to 1 hour.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 bunches Swiss chard, tough stems removed, 3 cups arborio rice, Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 1 pound pancetta, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 ounces gruyere cheese, diced, 1 cup raisins, 1 bunch scallions white and light green parts, chopped, 1 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 8 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Rice Stuffing With Swiss Chard and Raisins, picturelink: C4hatQGQ7JbTnxIc1VC04bMrKscOuIq}, 37469: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 dozen 12 cup ramekins or a 9 by 13inch casserole dish.nCook the elbow macaroni in a large pot of salted boiling water over medium heat for about 6 minutes or until very al dente. Drain and return to the pot.nWhile the macaroni is cooking, melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Remove 12 of the melted butter and reserve it for the topping. Add the flour to the saucepan and cook whisking constantly. When the flour is golden brown slowly whisk in the milk until smooth. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened. Stir in the mustard, fontina, Gruyere, and Cheddar cheeses until just melted. Stir into the cooked pasta, coating it completely, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the mixture between the buttered ramekins.nIn a medium bowl combine the panko with the grated Asiago and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the reserved melted butter and mix to combine.nTop each ramekin with the bread crumb mixture. Bake in the oven until golden brown on top and the cheese is bubbling, about 15 to 20 minutes. Top with fresh chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [1 pound elbow macaroni, 4 tablespoons 14 cup butter, divided, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups milk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 8 ounces fontina cheese, shredded, 6 ounces Gruyere cheese, shredded, 8 ounces white Cheddar, shredded, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Asiago cheese, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Mini Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 37470: {instructions: Put the raisins in a bowl of hot water to soak and reconstitute for 30 minutes. Drain well.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the raisins, roasted vegetables, basil, feta, olive oil and chiles. Season with salt and pepper.nLay the toasted baguette slices on a platter and top with the vegetable mixture. Drizzle with more olive oil and serve., ingredients: [12 cup golden raisins, chopped, 1 12 cups leftover roasted root vegetables, such as squash or Brussels sprouts, chopped, 14 cup torn fresh basil, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons drained and chopped canned pickled chiles, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 slices baguette, 12 inch thick, toasted], title: Next Day Fall Vegetable Bruschetta, picturelink: 8wyXVeTHIplC2R9k5X522aYL6Pr2lwW}, 37471: {instructions: Put 10 mint leaves in a tall glass add 12 ounce ginger syrup and muddle with a wooden spoon. Fill the glass with ice and add 1 12 ounces gin and 12 ounce fresh lime juice. Top with ginger ale and stir to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge.nPhotograph by Jon PatersonStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Ginger Rogers, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 37472: {instructions: Cook the chorizo in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until it just begins to brown, about 3 minutes. Add the bell pepper and jalapeno and cook, stirring occasionally, until they begin to sizzle, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and half of the scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 4 minutes.nWhisk the whole eggs and egg whites with 14 cup water and 18 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl add to the skillet and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until just beginning to set, about 2 minutes. Add the chips, cheese, half of the cilantro, and the remaining scallions and continue cooking, stirring, until the eggs are just set, about 3 more minutes.nDivide the eggs among plates and top with the avocado, sour cream and remaining cilantro., ingredients: [2 ounces dried chorizo, diced about 1 small link, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped remove seeds for less heat, 1 14ounce can nosaltadded pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 3 scallions, sliced, 6 large eggs plus 2 egg whites, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup crushed baked tortilla chips preferably low sodium, 34 cup shredded lowfat cheddar cheese about 3 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and sliced, 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream], title: Mexican Eggs With Chorizo and Beans, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 37473: {instructions: Make dressing: Force chutney through a sieve into a bowl and whisk in lime juice, oil, cayenne, and salt to taste. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dressing to room temperature before using.nMake marinade: In a large nonstick skillet dryroast paprika, cumin, and coriander seeds over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant and several shades darker, about 2 minutes, being careful not to burn them, and transfer to a bowl. Cool spices and stir in remaining marinade ingredients and salt and pepper to taste.nPat shrimp dry and add to marinade, stirring to coat well. Marinate shrimp at room temperature 15 minutes. Alternatively, shrimp may be marinated, covered and chilled, up to 1 day. In a large nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute shrimp in batches, turning once, until golden and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer shrimp with tongs to paper towels to drain and cool slightly. In a large bowl gently toss together shrimp, watercress, coriander sprigs, bell peppers mangoes and dressing., ingredients: [12 cup Major Greys chutney, 23 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander seeds, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and chopped, 2 fresh serrano or jalapeno chilies, seeded and chopped wear rubber gloves, 34 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest about 1 lime, 2 pounds medium shrimp about 50, shelled and deveined, 14 cup vegetable oil for frying, 6 cups packed tender watercress sprigs, washed well and spun dry, 1 cup fresh coriander sprigs, washed well and spun dry, 3 red bell peppers, cut into julienne strips, 2 firmripe mangoes, peeled and cut into julienne strips], title: Tandoori Shrimp and Mango Salad, picturelink: null}, 37474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chickpeas, 2 tablespoons of the reserved liquid, the tahini, garlic, lemon juice, Tabasco, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until coarsely pureed. The hummus should be moist and thick add more lemon juice or reserved chickpea liquid to thin, if necessary. Cover and refrigerate for several hours for the flavors to blend. Taste for seasonings. Place the hummus in a serving bowl and drizzle Sriracha over the top. Sprinkle with the pine nuts and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 cups canned chickpeas, drained, liquid reserved 15.5ounce can, 13 cup tahini or sesame paste, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 8 dashes Tabasco sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Sriracha, to taste, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, Good olive oil], title: Spicy Hummus, picturelink: NFYcKud5Ch8f1dgQnBfEyMQQkMVl6}, 37475: {instructions: Heat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Combine the ground coriander, cumin and salt in a medium bowl. Brush the scallops with olive oil and dredge on one side only. Grill scallops, spice side down for 2 minutes or until golden brown, turn over and continue grilling for 1 to 2 minutes until just cooked through. Place chickpea salad in the center of the plate, top with 4 scallops per person. Pour vinaigrette around the plate and drizzle with cilantro oil. Garnish with fresh cilantro.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes before serving.nHeat juice of peppers with honey, saffron, onion, and vinegar until reduced by half or to a thickened consistency. Place in a blender and slowly add the oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place in a squeeze bottlenBlend all ingredients in a blender for about 4 to 5 minutes or, until smooth. Place in a strainer lined with cheesecloth, set over a medium bowl and let the oil slowly drip, do not push through. Place oil in a squeeze bottle., ingredients: [12 cup coriander seed toasted and ground, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds toasted and ground, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Olive oil, Chickpea Salad, recipe follows, 16 large sea scallops, Red Pepper Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Cilantro Oil, recipe follows, Cilantro sprigs, 2 cups chickpeas, soaked and cooked, or if using canned, drained and rinsed, 2 serrano peppers, grilled, peeled, seeded and julienned, 12 cup red pepper, brunoise, 12 cup yellow pepper, brunoise, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley, 14 cup finely chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 red peppers, juiced and strained, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch of saffron, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons chives, 14 cup spinach leaves, 1 cup canola oil], title: Coriander Crusted Grilled Sea Scallops with Chickpea Salad, Red Pepper Vinaigrette and Cilantro Oil, picturelink: null}, 37476: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, caramelize the carrots, celery, and onion in 2 teaspoons of the olive oil. Add the celery root, cover threequarters of the way with water, and cover the pan. Slowly braise for 45 to 60 minutes, or until tender. Remove the celery root from the braising liquid and cool completely. Reserve the braising liquid. Trim the celery root to square off and slice paper thin. Clean the Portobello mushrooms by removing the stems and the dark brown underside. Cut into quarters, season with salt and pepper, and drizzle with 2 teaspoons of the olive oil. Place in an ovenproof pan with the garlic and rosemary and cover with aluminum foil. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 minutes, or until tender.nIn a medium saute pan, saute the diced celery and shallot in 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Dice the roasted mushrooms and toss with the celery mixture and herbs. In a saute pan, wilt the Italian parsley in 1 teaspoon of the olive oil and 1 tablespoon of the braising liquid. Place the celery root slices on a sheet pan with a dash of the braising liquid, season with salt and pepper, and bake at 350 degrees for 3 to 4 minutes to reheat.nLay 1 slice of the celery root on a plate and top with the mushroom and celery mixture. Place a piece of the parsley on top and cover with another piece of the celery root. Press the edges of the celery root together and place small pinches of braised Italian parsley at each corner. Drizzle with Red Wine Reduction around the edges of each plate., ingredients: [12 cup diced carrot, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced Spanish onion, 6 teaspoons olive oil, 2 large celery roots, peeled, 3 large Portobello mushrooms, Salt and pepper, 1 clove garlic, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 tablespoon diced shallots, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs e.g. parsley, chives, 2 cups flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 recipe Red Wine Reduction, recipe follows], title: Celery Root Ravioli with Celery and Mushroom Filling and Red Wine Reduction, picturelink: null}, 37477: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and coat with cooking spray. Combine the orange slices, 2 tablespoons maple syrup and the brown sugar in a medium bowl. Arrange the orange slices on the baking sheet in a single layer bake, flipping once, until they are glossy and start blackening around the edges, about 15 minutes. Let cool.nCombine the bourbon, vermouth, the remaining 1 tablespoon maple syrup and the bitters in a cocktail shaker fill with ice. Shake well and strain into a cocktail glass garnish with blackened orange slice., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 blood orange, sliced into thin rounds, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 2 ounces bourbon, 12 ounce dry vermouth, 5 dashes orange bitters], title: Blackened Orange, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 37478: {instructions: HEAT broiler.nMIX 2 Tbsp. mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Add to chicken toss to coat. Refrigerate 30 min. to marinate. Drain chicken discard marinade.nWRAP bacon around chicken secure with toothpicks. Place on rack of broiler pan. Broil, 4 inches from heat, 10 min. or until bacon is crisp and chicken is done, turning after 5 min.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Carefully remove toothpicks from chicken. Cut cheese slices in half. Place crackers in single layer on baking sheet top with cheese. Bake 4 to 5 min. or until cheese is melted. Top with chicken, remaining mustard and parsley., ingredients: [3 Tbsp. GREY POUPON Savory Honey Mustard, divided, 2 Tbsp. Worcestershire sauce, 1 boneless skinless chicken breast 6 oz., cut into 24 pieces, 8 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, cut into thirds, 4 oz. CRACKER BARREL Vermont SharpWhite Cheddar Cheese, cut into 12 slices, 24 RITZ Crackers, 2 tsp. chopped fresh parsley], title: BaconWrapped Chicken Bites, picturelink: null}, 37479: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Set a wire rack inside a baking sheet. Heat the oil over medium heat in a heavybottomed skillet. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and shake off any excess. Fry the chicken in the oil until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes a side. Set aside on the prepared baking sheet. Keep warm in the oven. Slice the chicken in half before assembling the sandwiches.nFor the chicken jus: Add the oil into the same skillet from the chicken and saute the Italian seasoning, crushed red pepper, garlic and shallots until fragrant, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze with the white wine and bring to a simmer until the alcohol smell is diminished, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock and lemon juice and bring to a simmer again, about 10 minutes until the flavor intensifies. Keep warm for sandwich build.nFor the peas and mushrooms: Heat half the oil in a heavybottomed skillet and saute the mushrooms without overcrowding or creating layers. You may have to do this in batches. Give the mushrooms one stir and let caramelize. Once one side is golden brown, season with salt and pepper, stir once and let cook until all sides are soft but golden. Remove to a plate. To the same skillet, add the remaining oil and the peas. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until warm but still very bright. Mix with the mushrooms and set aside.nFor the sandwich build: On a nice fresh piece of split but hinged French roll, place a squirt of good mayo, 2 slices provolone, 2 Roasted Potato Wedges, 1 chicken breast, some mushroom and peas and top with hot giardiniera. Take the entire sandwich and either dunk in hot chicken jus or ladle on. Hold with one or two hands and bite hard.nIngredients and DirectionsnPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Toss the potato wedges with the olive oil, garlic powder, salt and pepper in a bowl. Lay the potatoes on a baking sheet and cook until golden brown on each side, flipping halfway through, about 12 minutes per side. When both sides are golden and the potatoes can be pierced easily with a fork, the taters are done., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts 8 ounces each, butterflied, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound fresh button mushrooms, sliced 14inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound frozen green peas, thawed, Four 6inch French hinged rolls, Mayo, 8 slices provolone, Roasted Potato Wedges, recipe follows, Hot giardiniera, 2 russet potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 8 long wedges, 3 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Vesuvio Sandwich, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 37480: {instructions: Put the eggs in a saucepan with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, cover, and remove from the heat. Set aside for 12 minutes. Drain the eggs and roll them between your palm and the counter to crack the shell, then peel under cool running water.nDice the eggs. Combine the eggs with mayonnaise, mustard and season with the salt and pepper. Stir in the scallions, celery, and radish.nDivide the egg salad among the lettuce leaves, top with the sprouts and roll up. Serve 2 rolls per serving., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 12 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions white and green, thinly sliced,, 1 rib celery, minced, scant 12 cup, 2 radishes, grated on the large holes of a box grater, 8 romaine lettuce leaves, 1 cup pea or other sprouts], title: Garden Egg Salad, picturelink: nJqwqiClQeUXNvvbABxdQlkMBMHfF2}, 37481: {instructions: In a medium bowl, toss together cucumber, vinegar and dill. Add salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, thinly sliced crosswise into rounds, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Salt and pepper], title: Cucumber Salad with Dill, picturelink: n1xU8QPN7vElWkt4VOk3OnuSugK6xCW}, 37482: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 37483: {instructions: Coat the mushroom and onion with oil and sprinkle with salt and thyme, to taste.nBring a grill pan or large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Place the mushroom in the pan, round side down, along with the onion, side by side. Cook for 5 minutes without flipping.nMeanwhile, pull string cheese into pieces and set aside. Season the mayo with cayenne pepper, to taste mix well and set aside.nFlip the mushroom and onion in the pan. Top the mushroom evenly with cheese, and cook for another 5 minutes, or until cheese and veggies have softened. Remove from the pan and set aside.nSplit apart the bun and spread the inside of each half with butter. Sprinkle with garlic powder. Place the bun halves in the pan, still over mediumhigh heat, with the buttered sides down. Alternatively, toast bun halves in a toaster oven. Once warm and toasty, after 1 to 2 minutes, remove and plate with the buttered sides up.nSpread the buttered side of the buns top half with mayo, and set aside. Place the mushroom on the bottom half of the bun top with onion, tomato, and lettuce. Finish off your sandwich with the top half of the bun. Now CHEW, ingredients: [1 large portabella mushroom, stem removed, 1 thick slice red onion, all rings intact, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 dashes ground thyme, 1 stick light string cheese, 1 tablespoon fatfree mayonnaise, Dash cayenne pepper, One 100calorie flat sandwich bun, 1 teaspoon light whipped butter or light buttery spread, room temperature, 2 dashes garlic powder, 1 large slice tomato, 12 cup shredded lettuce], title: RingMyBella Mushroom Sandwich, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 37484: {instructions: You can make extracreamy hummus using chickpea flour instead of whole chickpeas. Look for the flour at specialty and healthfood stores. Simmer 2 34 cups salted water. Whisk in 34 cup chickpea flour to make a paste and cook 2 minutes. Puree with 14 cup tahini, 3 tablespoons olive oil and the zest and juice of 1 lemon. Toast 14 teaspoon each cumin and fennel seeds in a skillet add some red pepper flakes and 2 tablespoons olive oil and cook 30 seconds. Serve warm, drizzled with the spiced oil and topped with parsley.nPhotograph by Sang An, ingredients: [], title: ExtraCreamy Hummus, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 37485: {instructions: If you havent soaked the Porcini in advance see note below set combine Porcini and water in a saucepan and bring to a simmer let soak for 20 minutes or until tender. Drain soaked Porcini, rinse them to remove grit and chop them. Strain the soaking liquid through nonbleached paper towel or cotton cheeseclothlined sieve reserve for later.nHeat the olive oil in a saucepan. When hot add chopped soaked Porcini and saute for a few seconds. Add the fresh mushrooms, cover and cook over very low heat until mushrooms are tender if they begin to stick to the bottom of the pan, add a few spoonfuls of mushroom soaking liquid. Add reserved Porcini liquid and broth and bring to a simmer add tortellini and cook, uncovered for 5 minutes or until tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper and portion out garnish with chives.nNOTE  to soak mushrooms in advance cover 2 ounces of dried mushrooms with 1 quart of water set in refrigerator overnight or for longer remove soaked mushrooms and soaking liquid as needed., ingredients: [1 ounce dried Porcini or Polish mushrooms, 2 cups warm water, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 4 ounces mixed wild and domestic mushrooms, trimmed and cut into thin slices, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup tortellini, stuffed with Porcini or plain cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh finely cut chives for garnish], title: Tortellini in Porcini Broth, picturelink: null}, 37486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the catfish, grapefruit zest, lime zest, grapefruit juice, and lime juice into a large resealable bag. Put the bag into a leakproof container and refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours, turning 2 to 3 times, during this time, to evenly distribute the marinade.nDrain the marinade and put the fish into a large serving bowl. Add the tomato, onion, olive oil, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, oregano, salt, sugar, cumin, and avocado and stir gently to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes prior to serving., ingredients: [1 pound US farmraised catfish fillets, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon grapefruit zest, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 12 cup freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 medium tomato, seeded and diced, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon turbinado sugar, 12 teaspoon toasted and ground cumin, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and diced], title: Catfish Ceviche, picturelink: ADmG6n2p.rFU6ozGf12CvsekmXqQL6.}, 37487: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 4 to 6 individual souffle dishes or a 7cup souffle dish well with melted butter. Put the sugar inside one dish and toss to coat, then tip the excess sugar into the next dish and repeat. Place the dishes in the refrigerator to chill.nReserving 13 cup of the milk, place the remaining 1 cup in a large saucepan. Add the vanilla bean and heat just to a boil, then turn off the heat and set aside to let the vanilla bean infuse for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk the 13 cup granulated sugar, the flour, and the reserved 13 cup milk. Add a little of the hot milk and whisk to combine, then add the flour mixture to the hot milk mixture in the saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking occasionally. Simmer just until thickened, about 1 minute. Turn off the heat. Add the butter, stir, cover, and set aside 15 minutes. Remove the vanilla bean and whisk in the egg yolks.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites in a clean dry bowl until soft peaks form. Add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons sugar and continue whipping until stiff and glossy. Fold into the milk mixture.nPour the mixture into the prepared dishes, filling them 34 full. Run your thumb around the inside rim of each dish, making a shallow moat around the edge of the batter. This will help the souffles to rise straight up. Dust the surfaces with confectioners sugar. The souffles can stand at this point for up to 30 minutes. Bake in the center of the oven until puffed and light golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes. Do not open the oven door unless absolutely necessary.nSatin Chocolate Sauce: Combine the 2 chocolates over simmering water in the top half of a double boiler. Stir constantly until melted, then whisk in the syrup and water without removing the double boiler from the heat. Whisk until smooth and shiny. The sauce can be made up to 48 hours in advance and refrigerated. To rewarm, stir over low heat or heat in a microwave. At the table, serve the hot souffles by poking a hole in each one and pouring chocolate sauce into the hole, then drizzling sauce over the tops. For a large souffle, spoon onto dessert plates and drizzle sauce on each serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup granulated sugar for souffle dish, 1 13 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 13 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 large eggs, separated, Confectioners sugar, Satin chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 4 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 14 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup hot water], title: Hot Vanilla Souffle, picturelink: null}, 37488: {instructions: For the crumble: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a wok over high heat and melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add the apples and stirfry 1 minute. Add the cinnamon and sugar and stirfry until the apples caramelize, about 2 minutes. Add the lychees and raspberries, stirring carefully. Remove from the heat and divide among four 6ounce ramekins.nIn a medium bowl, rub together the 6 tablespoons chilled butter, flour and sugar until crumbly. Sprinkle generously over the fruit to cover. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and bake until the topping is bubbling and golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the sauce: While the crumble bakes, add the strawberries, 14 cup reserved lychee syrup and the sugar to a small wok or saute pan and bring to a simmer. Simmer until the mixture becomes thickened and reduces slightly, about 5 minutes.nWhen the crumble is cooked, top with scoops of vanilla ice cream, the strawberry sauce and garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 6 tablespoons cubed and chilled, 3 large Gala apples, peeled, cored and diced into 14inch pieces, 1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup sugar, Pinch sea salt, 8 lychees, canned in syrup, syrup reserved, 1 pint raspberries, 1 cup flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, Goodquality vanilla ice cream, for serving, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Apple, Lychee and Raspberry Crumble, picturelink: null}, 37489: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the garlic and ginger in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the vegetable oil, tahini, peanut butter, soy sauce, sherry, sherry vinegar, honey, chili oil, sesame oil, and ground peppers. Puree the sauce.nAdd a splash of oil to a large pot of boiling salted water and cook the spaghetti al dente. Drain the pasta in a colander, place it in a large bowl, and while still warm, toss with 34 of the sauce. Add the red and yellow bell peppers and scallions toss well. Serve warm or at room temperature. The remaining sauce may be added, as needed, to moisten the pasta., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup tahini sesame paste, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup good soy sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 4 scallions, sliced diagonally white and green parts], title: Szechuan Noodles, picturelink: kgTMrhdkrrlfYHGMtzARXmgDrOYvUrK}, 37490: {instructions: With a sharp knife slice the Chilean sea bass into a very thin sheet. Sprinkle the fish with the tea powder. Season with salt and pepper and roll up tightly. Wrap the rolls with plastic wrap then wrap again. Heat a steamer with water steam the rolls for about 12 minutes or until they feel firm but the rolls do not have juice collecting under the plastic. Let the rolls sit and cool for 5 minutes then slice the fish at an angle and remove the plastic, ingredients: [1 pound very fresh Chilean sea bass fillet, 1 ounce loose oolong tea ground fine in the blender, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Chilean Sea Bass and Oolong Tea Roulade, picturelink: null}, 37491: {instructions: In a smoking hot fry pan or wok, add the vegetable oil and lemongrass and cook until fragrant, then add the garlic and chiles.nNow add the beef and stir fry for 2 minutes, then season with the fish sauce, soy sauce, and sugar. Add the betel leaves and stir fry for a further minute.nTransfer the mixture to a plate and garnish with sliced chile and coriander cilantro.nServe with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 lemongrass stalk, dry outer shell peeled off, and white part only, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 2 chiles, finely diced, plus 1 chile, finely sliced for garnish, 12 ounces lean beef sirloin, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 15 betel leaves, roughly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh coriander cilantro, for garnish, Steamed jasmine rice, to serve, Can be found at specialty Asian markets and online.], title: Beef Tossed with Wild Betel Leaf and Lemongrass: Bo Xao La Lot, picturelink: null}, 37492: {instructions: Special equipment: A frying thermometernFor the glutenfree flour blend: In a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt.nFor the onions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and grease an 8 by 8inch baking dish with butter or cooking spray. In a large pot, bring about 1 inch oil to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Line a plate with paper towels.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the cereal crumbs and salt with 14 cup glutenfree flour blend. Add the sliced onion rings and toss to coat evenly. Working in batches, fry until golden brown and lightly crisped, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to the paper towellined plate to drain.nFor the green beans: Prepare a large bowl of ice water. Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil and add the green beans. Cook until crisptender, about 2 minutes, then immediately strain and plunge into the ice water. Set aside.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper, then sprinkle over 2 tablespoons glutenfree flour blend and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Stir in the broth and cream bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the green beans season with the chile powder and some salt and pepper. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and top with the fried onion rings. Bake until golden and bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt, Butter or glutenfree cooking spray, for greasing, Canola oil, for frying, 14 cup crushed glutenfree rice cereal, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large onion, sliced thinly into rings, Salt, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced, Pepper, 34 cup chicken broth, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon chile powder], title: GlutenFree Green BeanMushroom Casserole with PankoStyle Fried Onion Rings, picturelink: TRCw8Qm.PiNK6j0oYolsrIJ9LnWAky2}, 37493: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWarm the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and the garlic and cook until tender, about 2 minutes.nCombine the oil, vinegar, tarragon, salt and pepper in a glass screwtop jar. Seal the jar and shake vigorously to mix the vinaigrette.nToss the vegetables with the vinaigrette and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large shallot, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 bunch asparagus 1 pound, sliced into 3inch pieces, 1 8ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 12 pint teardrop tomatoes, halved, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Asparagus, Artichoke, and Mushroom Saute with Tarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 37494: {instructions: In a small bowl, soak the onions in cold water, for 15 minutes. Drain.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan, with a tightfitting lid, place the eggs and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil and cook for 1 minute. Cover the eggs, remove from the heat, and set aside for 8 minutes. Drain the water from the pan and cool the eggs in the pan under cold running water. Peel the eggs and cut into sixths.nIn a large bowl, mix together the onion, celery, mayonnaise, dill, mustard, lemon juice, and salt.nAdd the eggs to the mayonnaise mixture and gently mix them together. Season with pepper to taste. Use in sandwiches, with lettuce and tomatoes, or in a salad., ingredients: [12 medium red onion, chopped, 12 large eggs, 1 stalk celery with leaves, chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: 8 slices countrystyle sourdough bread, sliced tomatoes, or salad greens], title: Chunky Egg Salad, picturelink: pxb1jM9fgh5uMD.Jiw9IRXTkDNqSBba}, 37495: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPress dough onto baking sheet and top with garlic, cheeses, and pepper flakes and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and bake 15 to 18 minutes.nTop the cooked pizza with lettuce, salami, roasted peppers, hot peppers, artichokes or mushrooms and olives, cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 tube storebought prepared pizza dough, 2 cloves grated or finely chopped garlic, 2 cups shredded provolone cheese, A couple handfuls ParmigianoReggiano, A pinch red pepper flakes, A few grinds black pepper, 1 small heart romaine lettuce, chopped, 8 slices Genoa salami, chopped, 2 roasted red pepper, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped banana pepper rings or chopped hot peppers of any kind, 14 cup chopped artichoke hearts or marinated mushrooms, A handful pitted green or black good quality olives, coarsely chopped], title: HandyPasto  Antipasto Pizza, picturelink: XPy.npOGJh3T2jkmEbi6ouO824igYoK}, 37496: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat for 3 to 4 minutes.nCombine the mustard, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, cayenne and allspice in a small bowl. Rub the flank steak all over with the mix and let sit for 10 minutes.nPut the steak on the hot grill and cook 5 minutes per side. Remove and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with Chimichurri Sauce.nPut the parsley, cilantro, capers and garlic in a medium mixing bowl and toss to combine. Add the vinegar, salt, red and black pepper and stir. Pour in the olive oil and mix until well combined. Let sit for 30 minutes so that the flavors blend.nPer Serving steak only  does not included sauce: Calories: 329 Total Fat: 12.5 grams Saturated Fat: 5 grams Protein: 49 grams Total carbohydrates: 1 gram Sugar: 0 grams Fiber: 0 grams Cholesterol: 141 milligrams Sodium: 606 milligrams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon allspice, 3 pounds flank steak, Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, 1 bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Dry Rubbed Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 37497: {instructions: In a small saucepan of boiling salted water cook shrimp 45 seconds to 1 minute, or until cooked through. In a colander drain shrimp and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Halve shrimp horizontally and devein.nMake dressing: In a large bowl whisk together dressing ingredients until sugar is dissolved.nAdd shrimp, papaya, carrot, and coriander to dressing, tossing well. Salad may be made 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salad to room temperature before serving. Serve salad sprinkled with peanuts., ingredients: [14 pound small shrimp about 9, shelled, 1 large garlic clove, forced through a garlic press, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 12 tablespoons Asian fish sauce preferably nuoc mam, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 small thin fresh red or green Asian chili 1 or 2 inches long or Serrano chili, or to taste, seeded and chopped fine wear rubber gloves, 34 pound green papaya, peeled, seeded, preferably and coarsely shredded, preferably in a food processor about 3 cups, 1 carrot, shredded fine, 13 cup fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry, 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, crushed], title: Green Papaya Salad with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 37498: {instructions: Rim martini glass with dried coriander spice. In a cocktail shaker combine Stirrings Dirty Martini and Smirnoff No. 21 Vodka with plenty of ice. Cover and shake vigorously. Strain into the rimmed martini glass. Garnish with gherkin stuffed olive., ingredients: [0.25 oz. Stirrings Dirty Martini, 1.5 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 1 teaspoons dried coriander spice, 1 pieces gherkin stuffed olive], title: Filthy Martini, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 37499: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C.nFor the roasted pig: Mash together the salt, peppercorns, rosemary, garlic and thyme with a mortar and pestle or in a food processor. Slowly add the olive oil to make a paste.nScore the skin of the pig and rub with the herb mixture, making sure to get inside the skin. Place the pieces of meat in a large roasting pan. Add the shallots, garlic heads and 2 cups 500ml water to the pan. Cover with foil. Roast for about 2 12 hours. Remove the foil during the last 30 minutes of cooking and baste often with the pan drippings until the skin is crispy and golden brown.nFor the rapini: Saute the rapini in butter and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nServe the roasted pig with a ladle of Mushroom Stew and the rapini.nPlace the dried mushrooms in a bowl and cover with water. Let soak for about 15 minutes.nHeat some oil in a castiron casserole over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the button mushrooms and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, and then the ketchup, and continue cooking for a few minutes.nStrain the rehydrated mushrooms and reserve the soaking liquid. Give the mushrooms a quick chop and add to the pan. Cook for 5 minutes. Add the reserved soaking liquid and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the sauce has thickened, about 20 minutes.nTo serve, sprinkle with parsley and garnish with pecorino., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30ml sea salt, 1 tablespoon15ml peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, minced, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves minced, 14 cup60ml olive oil, One 8pound4.2 kg suckling pig, cut into pieces, 4 shallots, halved, 2 heads garlic, halved horizontally, 1 pound450g rapini, blanched, 3 tablespoons45ml butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mushroom Stew, recipe follows, for serving, 2 cups500ml dried mushrooms, Olive oil, for the pan, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 pounds1kg button mushrooms, halved, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons30ml ketchup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, Shaved Pecorino cheese, for garnish], title: Roasted Suckling Pig with Mushroom Stew, picturelink: null}}