{37500: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 37501: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potato slices and cook until they are just tender. Drain and reserve.nMeanwhile, in a medium nonstick saute pan, heat the olive oil and add the onions. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste, and cook the onions until they are soft and starting to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Drop in the sliced chorizo and the garlic and cook until the sausage starts to brown. Remove the pan from heat.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs until they are light yellow in color. Stir in the milk, green onions, and Cheddar and combine until incorporated. Adjust the seasonings with salt and black pepper. Add the chorizo mixture and potatoes to the bowl and stir gently. Return the entire mixture back to the saute pan. Put the pan in the oven and bake until the eggs set, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let the tortilla rest in the pan 10 minutes before inverting it. Using a large clean plate as an aid, flip the tortilla over and slide it out onto a large cutting board. Slice the tortilla into wedges and arrange on serving dishes. Serve it warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large sweet onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 pound dry Spanish chorizo or salami, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 eggs, 23 cup milk, 3 green onions, chopped, 1 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Spanish Tortilla, picturelink: Utohef9TLFrvTTppCvo7WobQBa5xO66}, 37502: {instructions: Stir together the chili sauce, hoisin and mayonnaise in a bowl.nFor the spice mixture: Heat a wok over mediumhigh heat. Add the peppercorns, fennel seeds, cloves, chiles and star anise and toast, tossing constantly until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a mortar and pestle and grind until fine or pulse in an electric spice grinder. Transfer to a bowl to cool. Reserve 1 heaping teaspoon and transfer the remaining spice mixture to a jar for another use.nPut the chicken in a medium bowl, sprinkle with the light and dark soy sauces and toss well to coat. Sprinkle the cornstarch and reserved spice mixture over the chicken, toss well and set aside for 5 minutes while you prepare the garnishes and sauce.nHeat the wok over high heat until smoking, and then add the oil. Pour the chicken into the wok in a single layer and let it settle and begin to brown before stirring. Stirfry using a spatula until just cooked through, about 4 minutes. Pour in the mirin and toss until the liquid evaporates. Remove from the heat.nTo assemble, spread the Spicy Hoisin Mayo evenly over the top and bottom pita halves. Divide the warm chicken among the pitas and top each with a slice of tomato, some pickled cucumbers and a lettuce leaf. Position the top pita in place and serve immediately. Alternatively, you can create pita pockets by slicing off the top third of each pita, pulling them apart, and stuffing them with the chicken, Spicy Hoisin Mayo and vegetables.nPut the cucumber slices in a nonreactive bowl. Sprinkle the mirin, rice vinegar, salt, and sugar over them and toss to combine. Let stand for at least 10 minutes at room temperature before serving, or refrigerate for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole Sichuan peppercorns, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 6 whole cloves, 2 to 3 whole dried red chiles, about 2 inches long, such as Sichuan or Arbol, 2 whole star anise, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 teaspoons mirin Japanese sweet rice cooking wine, 4 wholewheat pitas, split, Spicy Hoisin Mayo, for serving, recipe follows, 8 slices beefsteak tomatoes, for serving, QuickPickled Cucumber slices, for serving, recipe follows, or jarred sweet pickle slices, 4 greenleaf lettuce leaves, for serving, 1 tablespoon chili sauce, such as Sriracha, 1 tablespoon jarred hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon Kewpie Japanese sweet mayonnaise or plain mayonnaise, Pinch sugar, 12 English cucumber or 2 small Kirby cucumbers, sliced, 2 tablespoons mirin Japanese sweet rice cooking wine, 2 tablespoons clear rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon sea salt], title: Chili Chicken Pitas with Spicy Hoisin Mayo, picturelink: null}, 37503: {instructions: In a blender, blend together the salsa and red wine vinegar. With the blender funning, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nDivide the crushed tortilla chips among six 8ounce Mason jars and then add some lettuce, jalapeno Jack, green onions, tomatoes, olives and jalapenos.nTo serve, add some dressing the Mason jars and shake them up, ingredients: [12 cup salsa, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 cups crushed corn tortilla chips, 1 head romaine lettuce, shredded, 6 ounces jalapeno Jack cheese, shredded, 6 green onions, chopped, 3 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup sliced olives, 12 cup sliced pickled jalapenos, optional], title: Nacho Salad, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 37504: {instructions: Mix water and yeast and let stand 15 minutes. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour mixture and to incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered for at least an hour. Put sponge in the bowl of a standing electric mixer. Using the dough hook, add the salt and oil, then flour 12 cup at a time to form a dough. Remove from bowl and knead until smooth for approximately 7 minutes. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 2 12 hours. Divide dough into 4 balls, let rise again for 12 hour and roll out into a freeform rectangle about 14inch thick. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly oil a baking sheet, place the dough on the sheet and prick the surface with a fork. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until lightly golden brown.nPlace all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth.nSpread each flatbread with a few tablespoons of the pesto. Top the pesto with the merguez, ramps, manchego and tomatoes. Season with freshly ground black pepper. Place the flat bread back in the oven and bake for 5 minutes to heat through.nRemove the flatbreads from the grill and sprinkle with ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, 12 teaspoon dry yeast, 4 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 cups basil leaves, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound merguez sausage, grilled and thinly sliced, 16 ramps or 2 leeks, grilled and coarsely chopped, 12 pound manchego cheese, finely sliced, 6 plum tomatoes, oven roasted and coarsely chopped See Cooks Note, Freshly ground black pepper, ParmigianoReggiano, grated], title: OvenBaked Flatbread with Pesto, Merguez Sausage and Manchego Cheese, picturelink: null}, 37505: {instructions: Heat the water and sugar in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves completely. Cool. Puree the strawberries with enough simple syrup to cover in the blender. Strain through a sieve. Stir the remaining simple syrup into the strained strawberry puree.nSpin in an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, cleaned and hulled, 1 pint water, 1 pound granulated sugar], title: Strawberry Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 37506: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pie: In a large bowl, combine 1 gallon of the milk, the sugar, butter, vanilla and mix. Use a whisk to make sure that the sugar is mixed well.nIn a separate container, combine the remaining 18 gallon milk, cornstarch and flour. Blend until creamy and smooth with no lumps. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, bring the milksugar filling mixture to a boil. Using a wire whisk, blend in enough of the milkcornstarch mixture and cook until the mixture is thick enough that you can see the trails in the milk when the whisk is pulled out and the mixture is not runny anymore. You may not need all of the thickener, this all depends on the humidity of the room.nWhile the filling is still warm, add the coconut. Pour into precooked pie shells. Take time to cool and setup before adding topping.nFor the topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat the egg whites until they form stiff peaks. Then, mix in the sugar and stabilizer until creamy smooth.nTop the pies with coconut. Place in the oven until desired color brown is achieved, about 6 minutes.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 18 gallon milk, 4 pounds sugar, 12 pound unsalted butter, 14 cup vanilla extract, 12 pound cornstarch, 12 pound allpurpose flour, 12 pound sweetened coconut flakes, 9 precooked pie shells, 20 egg whites, 2 pounds sugar, 2 ounces egg white stabilizer, Sweetened coconut flakes], title: Coconut Meringue Pie, picturelink: sVcXPvXN.r5zB2svWh0tE6uwD6UQIIy}, 37507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the filling: Melt the butter in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic and zucchini and saute until the onion is soft, about 4 minutes. Add the kale and saute 1 minute. Add the vegetable broth, cover and cook until the kale is wilted, about 6 minutes. Uncover and simmer until almost all of the liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool slightly. Season with some salt and pepper. Stir in the cheese until melted.nFor the masa: Mix the masa and baking powder in large bowl. Add the vegetable shortening and mix using an electric mixer until it is the consistency of coarse meal. Pour in the vegetable broth and mix until the dough comes together the dough should be moist. Mix in the salt and pepper by hand.nTo assemble the tamales: Place a corn husk, ridgedside down, flat on a work surface and spread 2 to 3 tablespoons of masa onto the corn husk. Then place a spoonful of the kale filling atop the masa. Fold the bigger sides in, and then the pointy tip up over the tamale. Repeat with the remaining corn husks, filling and masa.nTo steam, place a coin in the bottom of a pot and fill with 1 to 2 inches of water. Make sure that the steamer basket is not immersed in the water. Line the bottom of a steamer basket with some additional husks and stack the tamales in the steamer, with the exposed end facing upward. Top with more husks and cover with a moist towel. Bring the water to a boil and cook until the masa no longer sticks to the husks, 30 to 40 minutes.nCooks Note: The coin will rattle during cooking. If it stops rattling, all the water has evaporated and you need to add more., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 12 large white onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 zucchini, diced, 4 leaves kale, stems removed and chopped, 13 cup vegetable broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese or mozzarella cheese, 2 cups masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 2 cups vegetable broth, warm, 34 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 24 corn husks, soaked until soft and patted dry, plus more for lining steamer], title: Kale and Cheese Tamales, picturelink: ZCBr2FU4It5Iu5mNeR73nQ7.l71dWu}, 37508: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor work bowl, add sugar and lime zest. Process until sugar and zest are well mixed, about 20 seconds. Scrape into a large mixing bowl. Reserve about 12 cup of lime sugar in a separate bowl for later use.nAdd flour, baking powder and salt into food processor and pulse briefly to mix. Add cold butter into food processor with flour mixture and 3 ounces of the pistachios. Process with short pulses until mixture resembles cornmeal and no large lumps of butter remain, about 10 seconds. Add remaining pistachios and mix briefly, about 5 seconds. Pour this mixture into the sugar and lime mixture in the large mixing bowl and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix egg yolks, vanilla extract, almond extract, and lime juice together.nUsing an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, pour in the limesugar and flourbutter mixture and stir until combined, about 15 seconds. Then, while the mixer is still running, slowly add egglime juice mixture and mix until well combined and dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl, about 15 to 30 seconds.nScrape the dough into a large bowl and refrigerate until cold, but not solid, about 30 minutes. Use an ice cream scoop to scoop the dough onto parchmentlined cookie sheets. Take the dough balls and roll the tops into the reserved lime sugar. Use the bottom of a water glass to press the cookies flat, about 14inch thick. Bake the cookies until slightly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove the parchment paper with the cookies from the tray to a cooling rack and cool., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 12 cup lime zest, about 6 to 8 limes, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes, chilled, 6 ounces shelled pistachios, 5 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon natural almond extract, 34 cup fresh lime juice], title: Pistachio Lime Cookies, picturelink: A2NOstrNLch.oU1QiM3SiCXjQFJBntW}, 37509: {instructions: Put lemon wedges and strawberries in a shaker and muddle well. Set aside.nCombine powdered drink mix with 6 ounces 34 cup of water in a glass and stir to dissolve. Transfer to the shaker.nAdd vodka to the shaker and fill with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into the glass. If the berries get stuck in the strainer, simply remove them and continue straining. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 wedges lemon, 4 ripe strawberries, 1 2serving packet about 1 teaspoon sugarfree lemonade powdered drink mix, 3 ounces vodka], title: Berrylicious Lemon Drop, picturelink: nuCmLVv2qMqZdjTH6J5vzkItpmEZRS}, 37510: {instructions: Combine the cherries, raisins, apple brandy, butter, sugar, and spices in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook until butter is melted and sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes.nPut the angel food cake slices on 4 plates, and top each with a scoop of cherry sauce and a dallop of sour cream., ingredients: [1 12ounce bag frozen cherries, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup apple brandy, recommended: Apple Jack brand, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, 4 slices storebought angel food cake, 12 cup sour cream], title: Angel Food Cake with Warm Cherry Sauce, picturelink: wIauABOh1aGfGQ9HWhPaAhQXv3AoK4K}, 37511: {instructions: For the pulled pork: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F, line two baking sheets with parchment paper and line a third baking sheet or pan with paper towels. Brush the parchmentlined baking sheets with about 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil each. Place the mushroom slices in a single layer, very close together, on the parchment and brush lightly with the remaining vegetable oil.nBake the mushrooms until slightly softened and brown, 25 to 30 minutes, then flip the mushrooms over, rotate the pans in the oven, and continue to bake until the mushrooms are wellbrowned and the edges are crispy, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to the papertowel lined baking sheet to dry for a few minutes. Leave the oven on.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, molasses, brown sugar, paprika and garlic powder. Carefully toss the baked mushrooms in the marinade until evenly coated. You may need to do this in several batches. Return the marinated mushrooms to the baking sheets in a single layer. Sprinkle with salt and a few grinds of pepper and return to the oven until crisp, about 5 minutes.nFor the coleslaw: Meanwhile, combine the cabbage and carrots in a large bowl and set aside. Combine the mayonnaise, vinegar, celery seed and sugar in a small bowl and mix well. Add and salt and pepper to taste. Pour the dressing over the cabbage and carrots and toss to coat. Add more sugar, salt and pepper if desired. Chill until ready to serve.nTo serve: Separate the party buns into halves. Place some of the mushrooms on the bottom half of the bun, then top with coleslaw. Add toppings as desired, then top with the top bun., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound portobello mushrooms, cleaned and thinly sliced about 18inch thick, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup thinly sliced green cabbage, 12 cup grated carrots, 14 cup vegan mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon celery seed, Small pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 partysize vegan slider buns, Pickle slices, hot sauce, your other favorite sandwich toppings], title: Vegan Pulled Pork Sliders, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 37512: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat up the extravirgin olive oil in a saucepan. Place the rabbit in the hot olive oil. Then add the garlic bulb, chile pepper, and salt. Sear the rabbit until golden brown on all sides. Add the tomato paste and wine to deglaze the pan. Then add the basil, oregano, thyme, and tomatoes. Once the wine has reduced, transfer to a baking pan and place in the oven for approximately 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup117 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium rabbit, cut into pieces, 1 whole garlic bulb, with roots and base chopped off, 1 fresh chile pepper, chopped, Salt, 5 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Fresh oregano leaves, Fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons28 g tomato paste, 2 cups470 ml white wine, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Coniglio Alischiatana: Ischiastyle Rabbit, picturelink: null}, 37513: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a very large nonstick skillet or wok over a high heat. Add the scallions, ginger and shrimp and cook stirring frequently until the shrimp turn pink, about 1 12 minutes. Add the cabbage and continue cooking until it begins to soften, but is still somewhat crisp, about 2 minutes more. Transfer the shrimpcabbage mixture to a bowl.nHeat the sesame oil in the same skillet or wok over a mediumhigh heat. Add the rice and cook stirring frequently, until heated through, about 3 minutes. Add the shrimpcabbage mixture back to the skillet, stir in the soy sauce and sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated fresh ginger, 1 pound peeled, cleaned small shrimp, 5 cups thinly sliced green cabbage, cut crosswise into 3inch pieces, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 4 cups very cold cooked brown rice, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Sesame Shrimp Fried Rice with Cabbage, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 37514: {instructions: Rub the elk roast with salt and pepper. Roast in a preheated 400degree F oven for about 25 minutes per pound, or until the thermometer registers 140 degrees. While the elk is roasting, periodically, baste the roast with the rendered duck fat to maintain the moisture. Let roast cook until an inserted meat thermometer reads 155 degrees. Let the roast rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving. , ingredients: [2 pounds elk roast, Pinch salt and pepper, 12 cup duck fat, rendered], title: ROASTED ELK, picturelink: null}, 37515: {instructions: Layer the bun with ingredients, in order given, and top with the peppers. Bake muffuletta to warm and melt cheese. Spread with Monjunis Olive Mix.nenChop ingredients finely or coarsely, whichever is your pleasure. Store in tightly sealed glass jar., ingredients: [1 12inch muffuletta bun spread with garlic butter, 16 pieces Genoa salami, 8 ounces thinly sliced ham, 6 pieces thinly sliced provolone, 4 pieces thinly sliced tomato, 4 pepperoncini peppers, sliced, Monjunis Olive mix, recipe follows, 14 cup good quality olive oil, 12 cup black olives, pitted, 12 cup green olives, pitted, 1 stalk celery, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 red peppers, 2 cloves fresh garlic, Fresh or dried Italian herbs such as basil, oregano, or parsley], title: Monjunis Muffuletta, picturelink: null}, 37516: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper, then brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium low add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the shallots and carrot to the skillet and cook until the vegetables are just tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the sage and wine and bring to a simmer. Return the pork to the skillet along with the tuna and capers. Cover and cook until a thermometer inserted into the pork registers 150, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let rest about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, discard the sage and transfer the remaining contents of the skillet to a blender. Add the reserved tuna oil, the mayonnaise, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste puree until smooth.nSlice the pork and divide among plates. Top with the sauce and greens, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with more capers. Per serving: Calories 485 Fat 30 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 103 mg Sodium 744 mg Carbohydrate 12 g Fiber 2 g Protein 36 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 small pork tenderloins about 2 pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 medium shallots, roughly chopped, 1 medium carrot, roughly chopped, 4 fresh sage leaves, 1 cup dry white wine or water, 1 5to6ounce can light tuna packed in olive oil, drained, reserving 2 tablespoons of the oil, 2 tablespoons capers, plus more for sprinkling, 13 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 ounces baby arugula or mixed field greens about 4 cups], title: Pork Tonnato, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 37517: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Prepare an ice bath of water and ice in a large bowl. Drop the green beans into the boiling water to blanch for 60 seconds. Immediately remove the beans and shock in the ice bath.nIn a large saute pan, over low heat, add the olive oil and the garlic. Fry the garlic chips until golden in color, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove garlic chips to paper towels to drain.nRemove the green beans from ice bath and add them to the hot garlic infused olive oil in the saute pan. Raise the heat to high and cook, tossing frequently, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the cider vinegar and reduce the liquid to a glaze while tossing beans, another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mint and toss to combine. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary. Transfer the beans to a serving dish, garnish with fried garlic chips and enjoy, ingredients: [2 pounds haricots verts, trimmed, 12 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Sauteed Green Beans with Garlic Chips, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 37518: {instructions: Warm the milk with the butter, figs, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat until small bubbles form at the rim and it just begins to approach a boil. Stir in the couscous, cover, and remove form the heat. Let the couscous stand for about five minutes. Spoon into bowls and pass additional sugar at the table, along with milk if you wish., ingredients: [Scant 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped dried figs, 12 to 1 tablespoon turbinado or light brown sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 cup plain couscous, Additional turbinado or light brown sugar, Additional milk, optional], title: Sweet Couscous with Figs, picturelink: null}, 37519: {instructions: Make the cookies: Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper or use 2 baking sheets and bake the cookies in batches. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a stand mixer, beat the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg, then the buttermilk and vanilla. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients, mixing until just combined.nDrop 8 scoops of batter, about 2 tablespoons each, onto each prepared baking sheet, spacing them 3 inches apart. Bake until the edges are set but the cookies are still soft, about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and let the cookies cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks and let cool completely.nMake the filling: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a small bowl with a mixer until smooth. Slowly beat in the confectioners sugar until smooth. Add the pumpkin, cinnamon and salt and beat until smooth.nTo assemble the whoopie pies, spread a heaping tablespoonful of filling on the flat side of a cookie and sandwich with another cookie. Repeat with the remaining cookies.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch of kosher salt, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup canned pure pumpkin, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Whoopie Pumpkin Pies, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 37520: {instructions: Use only the freshest possible salmon for this dish from a reliable source.nThis may not be done ahead of time since its flavor, freshness and presentation rely on lastminute preparation and assembly. Always work with an absolutely clean area and plastic gloves would be welcome at this time.nCut the salmon fillet by hand, using a very sharp knife, into an even dice 14inch thick.nMix the fish in a bowl with the olive oil, ginger, chives, salt and pepper and let marinate for a few minutes.nMix the diced cucumber with the sesame oil in a bowl and season lightly with salt and pepper.nPlace a wreath of red leaf lettuce around a serving dish. Use a pastry ring to create a layered looknfor the final presentation of the tartar. Place the ring in the center of the plate and fill the lower portion of the ring with cucumber salad. Smooth the layer evenly and add a layer of salmon tartar on top of the cucumber. Top the salmon with some fresh herb leaves and serve immediately.nGarnish with chopped chives and finely chopped zest of lemon and lime., ingredients: [1 pound fresh salmon fillet, all skin and bones removed, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon grated white pepper, 2 cups finely diced cucumber, seeded but not peeled, 3 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, Red oak leaf lettuce, Fresh herb garnish fresh lemon balm preferred], title: Salmon Tartar, picturelink: null}, 37521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nGenerously grease aluminum popover pans or Pyrex custard cups with softened butter. Youll need enough pans to make 12 popovers. Place the pans in the oven for exactly 2 minutes to preheat. Meanwhile, whisk together the flour, salt, eggs, milk, and melted butter until smooth. The batter will be thin. Fill the popover pans less than half full and bake for exactly 30 minutes. Do not peek., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus softened butter for greasing pans, 1 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups milk, at room temperature], title: Popovers, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 37522: {instructions: Add a scoop of ice cream to the bottom of a pint glass, then pour the chocolate stout over and top with a shot of butterscotch schnapps., ingredients: [1 scoop dulce de leche ice cream, 16 ounces chocolate stout, 1 ounce butterscotch schnapps], title: Beer Float Your Boat Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 37523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cookie crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, cream the butter, sugar, orange zest and vanilla thoroughly. Add in the eggs and beat until light and fluffy. Add in the milk and mix.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the dry ingredients flour, baking powder and salt. Then blend this into the cream mixture. Wrap in plastic wrap and flatten into a disc, and then refrigerate for 1 hour or freeze for 20 minutes.nRoll out the dough into one large rectangle. Then, using a 4 12inch cutter, cut out circles of dough.nBake until the cookie dough is cooked and golden brown, but not overly crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely.nFor the topping: Using a mixer with a whisk attachment, whip together the marshmallow creme and cream cheese until light.nServe the cooled crusts with the cream mixture and a platter of fruit. Let everyone build their own pizza by spreading the cream mixture on the crust and then decorating with as much fruit as desired, ingredients: [1 13 cups butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 whole eggs, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, One 13ounce jar marshmallow creme, such as Marshmallow Fluff, One 8ounce package cream cheese, Sliced kiwi fruit, Sliced red pears, Blueberries, Raspberries, Strawberries, Red and green grapes, halved, ANY FRUIT YOUD LIKE], title: Individual Fruit Pizzas, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 37524: {instructions: For the osso buco: Put the flour in a large shallow platter and season it with a fair amount of salt and pepper. Get in the habit of always tasting your flour once it coats the veal it is harder to adjust the seasoning. Dredge the veal shanks in the seasoned flour and then tap off the excess extra flour will burn and make the dish offtasting.nHeat a large Dutch oven over medium heat and hit it with a 3count drizzle of oil. Add the butter and swirl it around the pan to melt. Sear the veal shanks, turning carefully with tongs, until all sides are a rich brown caramel color. Drizzle with a little more oil, if needed. Do this in batches if the shanks are big and look crowded in the pot. Remove the browned veal shanks to a side plate. There will be a lot of flavor left over in the bottom of the pot. Youre going to use that to create your sauce.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing the same pot, sautee the onion, celery, carrots, lemon zest, garlic, bay leaves, and parsley over medium heat. Cook the vegetables down until they start to get some color and develop a deep, rich aroma. Season with salt and pepper add a little oil if needed. Nestle the veal shanks back in the pot. Pour in the amarone wine and let it simmer down for 20 minutes, until the wine has reduced by half. Reducing is key for intense flavor. Add the beef broth and tomatoes and stir everything together. Cover the pot and put it in the oven. Braise for 1 and a 12 hours. Then remove the cover and continue to cook for another 30 minutes. The sauce should be thick and the veal tender and nearly falling off the bone.nRemove bay leaves.nFor the gremolata: F, finely chop and smashe the anchovy fillet roughly chop the pine nuts, dried cranberries and combine.anchovy, Combine this with the and garlic together in a mini chopper or with a mortar and pestle. Fold that into the orange zest and parsley. Scatter the gremolata over the Osso Bucco before serving., ingredients: [1 cup all purpose flour, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pieces of veal shank for osso bucco, Extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, diced, 1 celery stalk, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 1 lemon, zest peeled off in widefat strips with a vegetable peeler, 4 garlic cloves, minced1 head of garlic, cut horizontally through the middle, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 1 bottle Amarone wine, 1 14 12ounce12 oz can low sodium beef broth, 1 28ounce oz can whole San Marzano tomatoes, handcrushed, 14 cup chopped dried cranberries, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 anchovy fillet, 2 garlic cloves, zest of 1 orange, finely grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat leaf parsley], title: Amaretto Amarone Osso Bucco Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 37525: {instructions: Cut the avocados in half, remove the pits and use a spoon to transfer the avocado to a bowl. Add the cilantro, lime juice, onions, chiles, lime zest, cumin and garlic and season liberally with salt and pepper. Mash together with a fork until just combined. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt. Store in the refrigerator, covered with plastic wrap, until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 ripe avocados, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 2 teaspoons minced serrano chile, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper], title: Game Day Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 37526: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes in an even layer on a large baking sheet and bake, stirring a few times, until light golden brown, about 12 minutes. Allow to cool, then transfer to a very large bowl.nIncrease the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Combine the mushrooms on a baking sheet, toss with 3 tablespoons canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven, stirring several times, until soft and golden brown, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fat has rendered, about 10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate.nPour off all but about 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan and place it back on the stove over high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add 3 cups chicken stock and the herbs, season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer.nAdd the mushrooms to the bowl with the bread, then add the stock mixture, the bacon and the eggs season with salt and pepper and gently stir until combined. The mixture should be very wet add more stock if needed. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Add the stuffing and cover with foil. Bake 20 minutes, then remove the foil and continue baking until golden brown, 30 to 40 more minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Linda Pugliese, ingredients: [1 14 pounds sourdough bread, crusts removed, cut into 12inch cubes about 12 cups, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps roughly chopped, 12 pound oyster mushrooms, roughly chopped, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 pound slab bacon, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large Spanish onion, finely diced, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 to 5 cups homemade chicken stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Unsalted butter, for the baking dish], title: Wild MushroomBacon Sourdough Dressing, picturelink: WNj4Uo6DWHNDAV75xxM5H3DjV.IBwm2}, 37527: {instructions: Heat a pot of water to a boil, salt the water and cook pasta to al dente.nHeat a deep large skillet with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add bacon and crisp 3 to 4 minutes. Add onions, garlic, bay leaf and mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook until tender but not browned, 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, crush them up with a wooden spoon and simmer 15 minutes on low heat.nSeason the fish with salt and pepper. Dust fish with flour and shake off excess.nHeat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Cook fish 4 minutes on each side.nWhile fish cooks, stir peas into sauce, return to bubble and stir in mascarpone cheese. Adjust seasoning.nRemove fish from skillet to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Reduce heat to medium and add butter to pan. Brown butter, 2 to 3 minutes, stir in balsamic and simmer 1 to 2 minutes to reduce by half. Pour the brown butter and vinegar over fish.nDrain pasta, toss with sauce and wilt basil into pasta.nServe fish with pasta alongside., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound farfalle, bow ties, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 5 slices center cut bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 to 3 grated garlic cloves, 1 bay leaf, 12 white mushrooms, thinly sliced, 1 can San Marzano tomatoes, 4 6 to 8ounce tilapia fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup basil leaves, shredded or torn], title: Tilapia with Balsamic Browned Butter and Creamy Farfalle with Bacon, Tomato and Peas, picturelink: ZWIoAX.Gb9wpQkZYZG5c7g59DCMMpK}, 37528: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFry the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp and browned. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels. When cool crumble and set aside.nPut the sweet potatoes and Yukon gold potatoes in 2 separate saucepans. Cover the potatoes with water by 2inches, add 12 teaspoon salt to each pot, and bring the pots to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat, and simmer the potatoes until they are just cooked through and tender. The sweet potatoes will cook in about 15 minutes, and the Yukon gold potatoes should be finished in about 12 minutes. Drain the potatoes, and allow them to cool.nCombine the potatoes, scallions, celery, and serrano chiles in a large bowl. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, tarragon, salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to combine. Taste for seasoning, and add more salt or pepper, if needed. Toss the potato salad with the arugula, and serve on a large platter, garnished with the crumbled bacon., ingredients: [4 strips thicksliced smoked bacon, 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 2 celery stalks, finely chopped, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces arugula], title: TwoPotato Salad, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 37529: {instructions: Stir together the lemon juice, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, chile, garlic and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Set aside.nSlice one cocktail frank almost all the way in half lengthwise, leaving the top quarter of the frank intact. Rotate 90 degrees and slice again so you have 4 strips attached to the unsliced top of the frank. Using a sharp paring knife, cut each of the 4 strips in half so you have 8 tentacles. Spread the tentacles and place upright on a microwavesafe plate. Repeat with the remaining cocktail franks, using 2 plates to lay out all the octopi. Microwave one plate at a time for about 30 seconds, or until the cocktail franks sizzle and the tentacles curl slightly. Let cool. The franks will keep the shape that they were microwaved in.nHeat 1 12 inches of oil to 360 degrees F in a heavybottom pot or Dutch oven. Place the cornstarch in a shallow bowl. In a second bowl, whisk together the flour, seltzer, egg and 14 teaspoon salt until smooth. Add the ice cubes to keep the batter cold.nWorking in batches, dredge the octopi in the cornstarch, tapping off the excess, and then drag through the batter. Let the excess batter drip off so the tentacles stay defined. Carefully add to the hot oil, holding each octopus by one of the tentacles for the easiest dipping. Fry, turning, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain.nServe with the dipping sauce and sliced cucumbers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 small red chile, such as a Thai bird chile, sliced and seeded, 1 clove garlic, minced, 24 beef cocktail franks, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup seltzer water, 1 large egg, Kosher salt, 12 cup ice cubes, Serving suggestion: sliced cucumbers], title: Tempura Octopus Hot Dog Bites, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 37530: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 4ounce ramekinsnFor the panna cotta: Heat the cream, vanilla extract and vanilla bean in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat until milk bubbles form at the sides of the pan, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl dissolve the gelatin in 3 tablespoons hot tap water. Stir until the gelatin completely dissolves, about 1 minute.nStir the sugar into the hot cream. Add the salt and the gelatin mixture to the cream as well. Whisk until the sugar dissolves, then whisk in the milk and stir again. Pour into the ramekins.nRefrigerate the panna cotta until set, at least 4 hours. Stored in the refrigerator, the panna cotta keeps for several days.nFor the berry sauce: In a medium saucepot set over medium heat, add the berries, sugar, lemon juice and zest. Bring to a boil and cook until the berries burst and the liquid starts to thicken, about 5 minutes. Strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve, forcing the berries through by pushing and scraping with a rubber spatula. The more you force through, the thicker the sauce will be the pulp closest to the seeds contains the most pectin, which is a natural thickener. Let cool completely and store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nSpoon the sauce over the panna cotta and serve., ingredients: [3 cups cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 vanilla bean, scraped, 1 14ounce packet 1 tablespoon gelatin powder, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup milk, 3 cups mixed raspberries and blueberries, 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Panna Cotta with Berry Sauce, picturelink: st60XxzUKE5EQrBJ8IjaoLuiH8wG6a}, 37531: {instructions: Place the cauliflower into a food processor with 1 cup vegetable stock and puree until very smooth. Add white beans to the cauliflower mix and run processor until fully blended. Mix should be thick and creamy.nTransfer to a fondue pot or saucepan and heat on medium heat. If mixture is too thick, add more vegetable stock  up to 12 cup. Shred 1 cup of Parmesan cheese and slowly add to pot. Add caraway, nutmeg, white pepper and salt. Add white wine, optional, and serve with cubed bread and crudites., ingredients: [1 medium head cauliflower, steamed and drained, 1 can white beans, rinsed and drained, 1 to 1 12 cups vegetable stock, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon ground caraway seed, 12 teaspoon freshgrated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup white wine, optional, 12 cup cubed wholewheat bread, Vegetable crudites for dipping], title: FunDue Lower Fat Fondue, picturelink: null}, 37532: {instructions: Put the gin, grapefruit juice, lemon juice, Simple Syrup, Chartreuse and orange bitters in a cocktail shaker, add large ice and shake vigorously. Doublestrain into a Nick and Nora glass or other cocktail glass and garnish with a grapefruit peel twist.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 12 ounces gin, such as Plymouth, 1 ounce fresh grapefruit juice, 34 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 14 ounce Green Chartreuse, 2 dashes orange bitters, Grapefruit peel twist, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: Spring Fling, picturelink: VtKmJwn6DM5jYzIKr366AGxMKlxZcBa}, 37533: {instructions: In a mixing bowl place peeled, quartered and seeded avocados. Mash with a potato masher or fork until chunky. Add the remaining ingredients and combine with a fork. Mound on a bed of shredded lettuce. Garnish with sliced tomatoes that have been drizzled with the Black Pepper Garnish.nIn a mixing bowl combine all the ingredients. Stir and toss well. Serve. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator no more than 1 day.nIn a small bowl stir all the ingredients together. Spoon over vegetables or drizzle lightly over dressed salads as a garnish., ingredients: [5 ripe avocados, preferably Haas, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 medium red onion, diced, 4 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Lettuce, shredded for serving, Sliced tomatoes drizzled with Cracked Black Pepper Garnish, recipe follows, 4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored, seeded, and finely diced, 14 red onion, minced, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 34 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Border Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 37534: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment whip the egg whites until stiff but not dry. In a mixer fitted with a whip attachment cream the butter until smooth. With the mixer running, slowly add the sugar and mix. Add the vanilla and almond extract and mix well.nSift the flour 3 times with the baking powder this is to lighten the cakes. Add 13 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and mix. Add 12 of the milk to the butter mixture and mix. Add another 13 of the flour mixture and mix. Add the remaining milk and mix. Add the remaining flour and mix until smooth. Fold in the egg whites.nPour the batter into a parchment lined jellyroll pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Bake until firm to the touch 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan then chill.nTo make the fondant: Whisk the corn syrup into the hot water until dissolved, then whisk in the powdered sugar until smooth. Stir in lemon extract. Divide into smaller bowls and color with food coloring, adding color until you achieve desired shade.nTo make the petit fours, cut the cold cake into small squares, rectangles, and circles using small cookie cutters. Place the cakes on a wire rack over a pan to catch the drippings, inverting them in order to have the golden layer on the bottom. If the fondant has become stiff, just whisk until smooth again. If the fondant is has not become to stiff, proceed to the next step. Either dip the cakes into the fondant and place on the rack to drain or ladle the fondant over the cakes, making sure all sides are coated. Once they are set, they should be coated again. Let dry, then with melted chocolate or colored fondant, pipe thin decorative lines or use silver dragees.nNotes about the recipe: There are many options for these darling little cakes. You can split the cake in half horizontally and spread it with jam, you can spread jam on the top and stick down a thin layer of rolled marzipan or do the simplest plain version like I did here. You can also tint the fondant different pastel colors., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 2 cups sifted cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 23 cup milk, at room temperature, 23 cup corn syrup, 23 cup hot water, 7 cups powdered sugar, 6 drops lemon extract, Food coloring, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, Silver dragee], title: Fondant Glazed Petit Fours, picturelink: null}, 37535: {instructions: In a pot of very salty boiling water, blanch the spinach and basil for about 45 seconds. Immediately shock in an ice bath and squeeze out excess water. In a blender, blend at high speed while adding the oil. Season the puree. Take vegetarian risotto and place in large bowl. Make sure risotto is not too hot before adding puree. Fold in 12 of the green puree and 12 of the cheese. If risotto is not green, add more puree. Check for seasoning and add more cheese if necessary. Spread risotto into a baking pan lined with parchment paper. Risotto should be at least 2 inches high. Place a sheet of parchment paper on top and chill for at least 4 hours to overnight. Cut 2 12inch circles of risotto and pan sear in a nonstick pan coated lightly with oil. Color both sides well. Toss spinach chiffonade with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Place a small mound in the middle of a plate and top with risotto cake. Drizzle carrot syrup and garnish with chive batons.nIn a stainless steel casserole, reduce carrot juice with star anise until all of the water is evaporated. There will be a carrot. Remove the star anise and scrape the scum to a blender. Blend at high speed while slowly adding oil to emulsify. Check for seasoning. Store at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups spinach leaves, 2 cups sweet basil leaves, 23 cup canola oil, 4 cups vegetarian risotto, 34 cup Reggiano cheese or other Parmesan or hard cheeses will work, 2 cups spinach chiffonade, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and black pepper to taste, Chive batons for garnish, 32 ounces fresh carrot juice, 2 pieces star anise, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Spinach Basil Risotto Cake with StarAnise Carrot Syrup, picturelink: null}, 37536: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Put water on to boil for a water bath. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, coconut cream, pumpkin puree, coconut sugar, pumpkin pie spice and salt. Divide the mixture among six 6ounce Pyrex cups or custard cups and place them in a 9by13inch baking pan. Carefully pour boiling water into the baking pan to come half way up the sides of cups. Bake, uncovered, until the custards are just set, about 40 minutes.nRemove the custards from the water bath and let cool slightly, then refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight. To serve, top each custard with a dollop of whipped cream, if using., ingredients: [3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup coconut cream, One 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 12 cup coconut sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon salt, Coconut whipped cream, optional, for topping], title: Pumpkin Coconut Custard, picturelink: IcIuddgeBEe6p44vFCKJ1Q3rh726Gha}, 37537: {instructions: Reserve 1 cup of clarified butter and try to keep warm.nPlace lobster tails in a large pot and cover with the remaining butter. Add 3 cloves of garlic to the pot. Poach on a low heat until the lobster shell changes color and meat is cooked. Allow to cool slightly and harvest meat from tails. Chop meat into bitesize pieces.nWhile meat is still warm, assemble the shooters. In shot glass pour a bit of the reserved warm butter into each glass. Top with lobster meat and drizzle with a bit of the lemon juice., ingredients: [4 pounds salted butter, clarified, 4 to 6 fresh Maine lobster tails, 3 garlic cloves, 4 fresh lemons, juiced], title: Butter Poached Lobster Shooters, picturelink: 44dw8yiRJsQGKl8csOJlzLDkXodIlNK}, 37538: {instructions: Melt butter in a stockpot over medium heat. Add chopped onion, carrot, and celery. Saute until softened. Add flour. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring often. Add chicken broth and beer. Heat until it comes to a boil. Slowly add cheese while stirring until just boiling and smooth. Add halfandhalf, salt, dry mustard, and Worcestershire sauce. Reduce heat to low and cook until soup has thickened. Cut smoked sausage into 12inch pieces and place in a saucepan. Saute sausage over medium heat until heated through. It will probably take about 5 to 7 minutes. Add sausage to the soup, transfer to a large serving bowl and serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 1 chopped medium sized yellow onion, At least 12 cup chopped carrot, At least 12 cup chopped celery, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 12ounce beer of choice recommended: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale or Blind Pig, 7 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, shredded, 7 ounces processed Swiss cheese, shredded, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound smoked sausage recommended: Ottos Smoked Polish Ring], title: Ottos Beer Cheese Soup, picturelink: null}, 37539: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan set over mediumhigh heat, then cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender, 10 minutes. Drain and place the potatoes in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the sour cream, cream cheese, pepper Jack and some salt and pepper, and mix until fluffy. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Fold in the green onions and enjoy, ingredients: [3 large russet potatoes, peeled and coarsely diced about 2 pounds or 5 cups total, Kosher salt, 23 cup sour cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, 4 ounces pepper Jack cheese, grated, Coarsely ground black pepper, 12 bunch green onions, greens sliced], title: Pepper Jack Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 37540: {instructions: Heat the vegetable stock in a small saucepan over medium heat. Once hot, add the saffron to infuse, and keep warm. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan. Saute the onions until soft. Add the sausages stirring and sauteing while breaking the meat into small pieces with the back of a wooden spoon.nWhen the meat starts to brown, add the rosemary and sage, and cook on mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Then add the white wine and stir well until the sharp smell of wine is cooked off, but the pan is not dry. Add the saffron broth.nReduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes make sure you do not overcook, as the liquid part of the sauce is what will stick to your pasta and give it the distinctive saffron flavor.nRemove the rosemary sprigs. Set aside.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the directions on the box. Drain it about 1 minute before what is indicated on the box. Saute in the pan with the sauce over high heat for about a minute or so.nServe with some freshly grated Parmesan. Drizzle with some extra virgin olive oil, and if youd like to add a fancy touch, place a piece of the rosemary you set aside on top or on the side of the plate., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable stock, 1 large pinch saffron, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, 13 thinly sliced, remaining finely chopped, 4 Italian pork sausages, casing removed, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 handful fresh sage leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt, 1 pound cavatappi pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Cavatappi al Vino, picturelink: null}, 37541: {instructions: To make the pork marinade, combine the onion, garlic, orange juice, lime juice, and salt in a resealable gallonsized plastic bag. Add the pork, turn to coat in the marinade, and refrigerate 1 hour or up to overnight.nMeanwhile make the chutney. In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the vinegar, rum, raisins, brown sugar, red onion, bell pepper, ginger, garlic, and allspice. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the onions and peppers are soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the mangoes and the apple and continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, until the fruit begins to break down and the mixture is thick and jammy, about 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and set aside to cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week.nSpread the flour on a plate and season with salt and pepper. Put the eggs in a shallow bowl and lightly beat. Spread the bread crumbs out on another plate and season with salt and pepper. Remove the pork from the marinade and pat dry. Dredge both sides of the cutlets in the flour, and then dip into the egg, letting the excess drip back into the bowl. Press both sides of the cutlets in the bread crumbs so they stick. Set the pork cutlets on a platter and set aside for 30 minutes to allow the breading to set.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry the cutlets until they are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain and serve with the MangoRum Chutney., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely minced, 12 cup orange juice, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 8 thin pork loin cutlets, Chutney, 34 cup white vinegar, 14 cup spiced rum, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 red onion, chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper, seeded, ribbed, and chopped, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 1 garlic clove, grated, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 large mangoes, peeled, seeded and cubed, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, halved, cored, and cubed, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, 2 cups dry plain bread crumbs, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Pork Cutlets Empanizado with MangoRum Chutney, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 37542: {instructions: Put the cheese, yogurt, and oil into a food processor and blend until smooth. Stir in the herbs, season with salt and pepper, and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled with vegetables for dipping., ingredients: [6 ounces reduced fat fresh goat cheese, 1 tablespoon plain nonfat yogurt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt, Pepper, Celery stalks or other raw vegetables for dipping], title: Green Herb Dip, picturelink: TOnRqfq.XAAq.op4VACWbYc4Sb1YvyO}, 37543: {instructions: Roast the peppers on top of the stove, on the grill, or under the broiler. Remove, transfer to a mediumsize bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let steam for 10 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel and discard the skins. Return to bowl, and add olive oil, thyme, and garlic. Let marinate for 30 to 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine 1 quart water, white wine, onion, lemon, dill, peppercorns, and salt in a shallow pot. Bring to a boil, and reduce the heat to simmer. Add the salmon, and poach 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the court bouillon, and set aside. The salmon may be chilled at this point.nOn a very large platter, arrange the salmon and peppers in a decorative fashion, reserving the flavored oil. Between the salmon and peppers, place small bunches of wax beans and haricots verts. Evenly distribute the tomatoes on top and in between. Sprinkle with capers, and drizzle with the reserved oil from the peppers. Top with fennel, thyme, parsley, and balsamic vinegar. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 yellow peppers, 3 red peppers, 14 cup olive oil, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 head garlic, roasted, peeled, and separated into cloves, 1 quart water, 1 12 cups white wine, 1 thinly sliced onion, 1 thinly sliced lemon, 6 sprigs fresh dill, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 6 center cut salmon fillets 3 to 4 ounces each, about 1 12 pounds, 12 pound wax beans, blanched until tender, 34 pound haricots verts, blanched until tender, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons capers, 12 small fennel bulb, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, 1tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cutting Board Salad, picturelink: null}, 37544: {instructions: Bring all ingredients to a boil, except Aquavit. Strain. Add 2 tablespoons Skane Auavit. Place into a glass baking dish. Put into freezer. Take out when solid. Chop up so it looks like crystal.nTo make skewers, start with a piece of cheese on the skewer and add 1 tail of crayfish, 1 piece of potato and then cheese. Repeat until skewer is full., ingredients: [1 lemon grass, 1 piece ginger, 1 inch piece, 3 bags orange tea, 12 liter water, 4 black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Skane Aquavit, 6 skewers, 1 boiled potato sliced into thin pieces, 12 cup cooked crayfish tails, 12 small pieces of sharp cheddar cheese], title: Citrus Granite with Crayfish Skewer, picturelink: null}, 37545: {instructions: Snap off thick ends of asparagus. Cut into 12inch pieces. Blanch in salted water until bright green. Drain and refresh under cold water. Drain thoroughly. Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. Beat eggs with fork and season with salt and pepper. In large nonstick pan, heat oil and butter together over medium heat. Add the scallions. Stir and cook until wilted. Reduce heat to low and add asparagus. Cover skillet and cook 10 minutes until asparagus is tender. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd peppers and chopped parsley to skillet and toss well. Spread evenly over bottom. Pour in egg mixture. Eggs should cover vegetables. Increase heat to medium. Cover and cook until crust forms underneath, about 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle with grated cheese. Transfer to oven and bake uncovered, until firm, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven. Let stand for 5 minutes. Cut and serve., ingredients: [6 quarts boiling salted water, 1 pound thin asparagus, 12 pound red and green peppers, thinly sliced, 6 eggs, Black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 scallions, white and 23rds green part, thinly sliced, 14 cup packed chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Peppers and Asparagus Frittata, picturelink: null}, 37546: {instructions: Bring the vegetable stock and 2 cups water to a simmer in a large saucepan. Stir in the tofu, bean paste and ginger until well incorporated and bring to a gentle simmer.nAdd the bok choy and fish fillets and cook until the fish is opaque and the bok choy is crisptender and bright green, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with white pepper and serve garnished with a generous sprinkling of the cilantro and a few Cordycep mushrooms, if using., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable stock, 10 ounces fresh firm tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 heaping tablespoons yellow bean paste or miso, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 6 ounces baby bok choy, halved through the core, 5 ounces boneless skinless halibut fillet, cut crosswise into 12inchwide strips, 5 ounces boneless skinless salmon fillet, cut crosswise into 12inchwide strips, 5 ounces boneless skinless sea bass fillet, cut crosswise into 12inchwide strips, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, stems and leaves, roughly chopped, for garnish, Small handful Cordycep mushrooms, for garnish, optional], title: Ginger Miso Seafood Broth, picturelink: null}, 37547: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker with ice cubes, add 1 part pineapple juice, 1 part vanilla vodka, splash of Chambord and a splash of butterscotch Schnapps.nShake and pour into martini glass., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part vanilla vodka, 1 part pineapple juice, Splash Chambord, Splash butterscotch Schnapps], title: Butter Martini, picturelink: aumgKtWiotOJPb.VVoEj5SL.CYJnK2}, 37548: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Set angel food cake slices on a baking sheet and toast in oven to make less spongy. Rinse and hull the strawberries and cut them in half or rinse and dry the raspberries.nBring sugar, rum, water and chocolate to a simmer sauce will be thin. Remove from heat, add butter and cream.nSet angel food cake in center of plate top with strawberries. Drizzle chocolate sauce over the top., ingredients: [4 slices of angel food cake, 2 pints strawberries, hulled or raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 34 water, 4 ounces semi sweet chocolate morsels, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Berries with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37549: {instructions: Salt the tomatoes and layer on the bottom piece of bread with the mozzarella and basil. Drizzle with Basil Oil. Top with the remaining piece of bread. Slice into portions.nAdd the basil to boiling water for 45 seconds to 1 minute. Remove to a bowl of ice water to stop it from further cooking. Dry and add to a blender. Add the olive oil, and blend until smooth. Strain through cheesecloth into a bowl. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the lemon juice right before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 heirloom tomatoes, sliced, 1 large baguette, split, 3 balls fresh mozzarella, thickly sliced, Fresh basil leaves, Basil Oil, recipe follows, 2 bunches fresh basil, stems removed, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Caprese Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 37550: {instructions: In a large pitcher, stir together the nectars, seltzer, vodka and schnapps, if using. Pour over icefilled glasses and garnish with slices of peach or pear if desired., ingredients: [1 can peach nectar, 1 can pear nectar, 2 cups seltzer water, 14 cup vodka, optional, 14 cup peach schnapps, optional, Ice, Peach or pear slices, for garnish], title: Peachy Pear Cocktail, picturelink: MhhB3hcO.7OZwMaXTPGOL7k2jfPIQi.}, 37551: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Toss the chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil, the paprika, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Grill the chicken until marked and cooked through, about 7 minutes per side. Let cool slightly, then thinly slice.nMeanwhile, make the dressing Combine the garlic and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a small microwavesafe bowl microwave until the garlic is softened, about 1 minute. Transfer the garlic and oil to a blender add the 2 whole piquillo peppers and puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and whisk in the mayonnaise, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons cilantro season with salt and pepper.nDivide the sliced chicken among the lettuce leaves drizzle with the dressing. Top with the celery, almonds, the remaining sliced piquillo pepper and 1 tablespoon cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 clove garlic, 3 jarred piquillo peppers 2 whole, 1 thinly sliced, 13 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 12 lemon, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 16 small Bibb or romaine lettuce leaves, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons salted Marcona almonds, roughly chopped], title: Smoky Chicken Salad, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 37552: {instructions: Combine sauce ingredients in a saucepan. Heat but do not bring to a boil. For variation, feel free to add orange juice, lemon or lime juice.nBefore cooking, place scallops in salted ice water to renew pat dry. Season with Sichimi and saute. Place scallops on a plate with the kiwi, cucumbers and the sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons Bonito stock, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 4 large scallops, Sichimi Japanese red pepper blend, 2 kiwi fruit, peeled and mashed, 12 cucumber, sliced thin, 18 cup Tosazu, recipe above], title: Sauteed Scallops with Cucumber and Kiwi, picturelink: null}, 37553: {instructions: Salt the insides of the hollowed out tomatoes and drain them upside down on a rack. In a mixing bowl combine the quinoa, cucumbers, parsley, mint and scallions. Make a dressing of the olive oil, lime juice, jalapeno pepper and toss with the vegetables and quinoa. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and add more olive oil or lime juice if you wish., ingredients: [4 beefsteak tomatoes, cap removed, cored and hollowed out, Salt, 2 cups cooked quinoa, 2 kirby cucumbers, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup chopped fresh mint, 2 scallions finely sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced], title: Tomatoes Stuffed with Quinoa Salad, picturelink: null}, 37554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil and butter in a pan and brown the beef. Remove the beef from the pan, throw in the garlic and onions and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Pour in the beer, beef broth, Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, sugar, paprika, salt and some pepper. Then return the beef to the pan, cover and simmer on a low heat until the meat is very tender, 1 12 to 2 hours. If the liquid level gets too low, add more broth as needed.nAdd the carrots, parsnips and turnips and continue to simmer until the vegetables are tender and the liquid is reduced, about 30 minutes.nIf the stew is still too liquidy, remove a cup of cooking liquid from the pan and stir in the flour. Add the flour mixture back into the pan and stir. Simmer for 10 minutes until the stew is thick. The meat should be very tender if its tough, let it continue to cook.nTo finish, add the parsley and stir through the stew., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 pounds beef stew meat, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 can or bottle beer, 4 cups beef broth, more as needed, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 to 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 carrots, roughly sliced, 2 parsnips, roughly sliced, 1 small turnip, roughly sliced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, optional, Minced fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Beef Stew with Root Vegetables, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 37555: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the pate sucre to a circle about 14 inch thick and large enough to slightly overlap a 9inch metal tart pan. Fit the dough into the pan and trim the edges. Line the bottom and sides of the shell with parchment, or coffee filter papers, or aluminum foil. Fill the lining with dried beans, rice or aluminum beans, and bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool and remove the beans and the lining. Return the shell to the oven and bake until golden, 5 to 10 minutes longer.nIn a large metal bowl, whisk together the whole eggs, egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, lemon and lime juice, and zests. Set over simmering water and continue to whisk until the mixture is very thick, about 10 minutes.nTurn off the flame and whisk in the butter, a few pieces at a time. You dont want the mixture to cool down before all the butter is incorporated. Strain the filling into a bowl. Scrape into the baked tart shell and smooth with a metal spatula. Cool and then refrigerate until firm, 3 to 4 hours, up to overnight.nSprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar evenly over the top of the filling. With a propane blowtorch, caramelize the sugar. This can also be done under the broiler. Place the tart on the broiler tray directly under the flame, watching carefully to prevent burning. Refrigerate the tart for at least 30 minutes. Or, if desired, eliminate the 2 tablespoons of sugar and arrange circles of raspberries on top of the tart. Sift a little powdered sugar over the berries just before serving.nCut into slices and serve. If you have caramelized the sugar, serve the tart with fresh strawberries or raspberries.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour and sugar. Add the butter and process until the texture resembles fine meal.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the yolks and 1 tablespoon of the cream. Scrape into the machine and process until a ball begins to form, using the additional tablespoon of cream, if necessary. Remove the dough from the machine, and on a lightly floured surface, press down into a circle. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour., ingredients: [Pate Sucre, recipe follows, 4 whole eggs, 4 egg yolks, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 23 cup lemon juice, 23 cup lime juice, 2 small lemons, zested, 2 small limes, zested, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks soft butter, cut into small pieces, 1 14 cups cake or pastry flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Caramelized LemonLime Tart, picturelink: null}, 37556: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pat the chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Melt the butter with the oil in a large deep skillet, with a lid over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken, skinside down, and cook until well browned, about 6 minutes. Turn chicken and cook until other side browns lightly, about 2 minutes more. Transfer chicken to a plate. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat.n2. Add the onion to the skillet and cook, stirring often, until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the peppers and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the turmeric, cumin, rice, and 14 teaspoon salt and stir until the rice is coated. Pour in the broth, stir to distribute the rice evenly. Increase the heat to high and boil until liquid begins to be absorbed into the rice, about 2 minutes. Nestle the chicken in the rice. Cover and transfer the pan to the oven and bake until the rice is tender and chicken cooks through, about 25 minutes.n3. Remove the cover, fluff the rice and stir in the peas. Cover and let sit to warm the peas, about 5 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [1 chicken, cut into 8 pieces about 2 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bell peppers 1 yellow, 1 red seeded, cored and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup medium or longgrain rice, 1 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup peas, thawed frozen or cooked fresh], title: Cuban Baked Chicken with Sweet Peppers and Yellow Rice, picturelink: null}, 37557: {instructions: 1. Bring a pot of water big enough to cook the noodles to a boil. Once the water is boiling, drop in the noodles and cook until al dente slightly firm. Drain and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Shake off the excess water and set aside the noodles to drain. Once they are drained, lay them out on a plate to minimize clumping. The noodles will be cold when added to the pot.n2. In a small bowl, mix together the oyster sauce, soy sauce, chicken stock, and egg. This is your sauce.n3. In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil. Once you see a haze coming off the oil, add the steak, chile, and shallots. Stir frequently until slightly colored, about 30 seconds, and remove to a plate or bowl.n4. Add the remaining 1 12 teaspoons peanut oil to the wok, then add the broccoli. Cook for 30 seconds and remove to the plate with the steak. Add the peanuts and toast briefly. Add the noodles to the wok and mix with the peanuts. Spread the noodles out thin and cook, without stirring, for 20 seconds.n5. Add the sauce and half of the green onions to the wok and stir. Add the steak and broccoli and 34 cup of the bean sprouts. Stir and divide evenly among three or four plates. Garnish each plate with some of the remaining bean sprouts and green onions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 13 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 large egg, 1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 8 ounces skirt steak, cut into thin 1inchlong slices you can substitute chopped scallops or shrimp, 1 small Thai chile or serrano chile, chopped small, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 package thin, dry rice noodles, 14 cup oyster sauce, 1 cup finely chopped broccoli, 14 cup finely chopped peanuts, 12 cup roughly chopped green onions, 1 cup mung bean sprouts], title: Spicy Beef Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 37558: {instructions: Black Beans: Heat oil in a large saute pan. Add the onions and jalapeno and cook until soft. Place beans in a medium bowl, add citrus vinaigrette and ancho chile powder, mix well and season with salt and pepper.nCrab: In a mixing bowl, combine the crab, red pepper sauce, lime juice, honey, chipotle puree and cilantro. Season to taste with salt and peppernCilantro Oil: Combine oil, cilantro and salt and pepper in a food processor and process until smooth. Strain into a squeeze bottle.nAssembly: Place black beans on a large platter. Top with the crabmeat mixture. Dress with roasted red pepper sauce and squirt cilantro oil around salad.nCombine juices, basil and onion in a blender and blend until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified and season with salt and pepper.nIn a blender, combine the peppers, onion, chipotle and lime juice and blend until smooth. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a thin stream until emulsified. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red onions, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced, 1 pound dried black beans, cooked until tender and drained, 12 cup Citrus Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 2 pounds jumbo crabmeat, picked over, 14 cup Roasted Red Pepper sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotle pepper, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 2 cups cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, 2 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 14 cups olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled and seeded, 12 medium red onion coarsely chopped, 1 canned chipotle pepper, 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spicy Jumbo Lump Crabmeat and Black Bean Salad with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce and Cilantro Oil, picturelink: null}, 37559: {instructions: Salmon:nCure salmon fillet in equal parts salt, sugar and water for 2 hours.nDry with a towel. Smoke with applewood chips. And brush with Tandoori spices.nPoach quail eggs with goyoza wrappers around them.nMix all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Serve salmon with poached quail eggs and black mustard sauce.nWhisk the yolks and sugar together. Set aside. Whisk the sour cream, heavy cream, creme fraiche and goat cheese together. Fold the cream mixture into the yolk mixture. Add the Absolut Citron, salt and lemon juice.nLayer into Parfait glass, garnish with Caviar.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 salmon fillet, 2 cups salt, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, Curry powder, 4 quail eggs, 4 goyoza wrappers, Black Mustard Sauce:, 2 tablespoons Swedish mustard, 1 tablespoon Chinese Mustard, 12 teaspoon squid ink, 12 tablespoon miso, 12 tablespoon black bean paste, Goat Cheese Parfait:, 5 egg yolks, 12 cup tennet sugar, 34 cup sour cream, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup goat cheese, 1 tablespoon Absolut Citron, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 lemons, juiced, Garnish, osetra caviar], title: Tandoori Smoked Salmon Ravioli with Goat Cheese Parfait and Osetra Caviar, picturelink: null}, 37560: {instructions: Place the salmon in a large baking dish. Combine butter, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, and lemon zest and pour the mixture over the salmon. Season with salt and pepper and marinate for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat.nMeanwhile, mix the cream cheese, tarragon, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice together and set aside. In another bowl, blend together eggs, heavy cream, hot pepper sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nPreheat a nonstick skillet for the eggs by placing the pan on the grill. At the same time, place the salmon on the grill and cook until desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side.nPour egg mixture into the pan and cook the eggs by continually moving cooked portions toward the center of the pan allowing the uncooked portion to flow to the sides, flipping when close to set.nPlace bagels on the grill cut side down and toast. Remove and spread a portion of the cream cheese mixture on the toasted side of each bagel. Place the bagels on serving plates. Top with cooked egg, salmon, and hollandaise sauce. Garnish with chopped chives and parsley.nPlace the egg yolks in a saucepan. Hold the pan over a stove flame approximately 3 to 4 inches above the burner and whisk until slightly thickened and bright yellow, about 2 to 3 minutes.nPour the thickened yolk into a blender and add lemon juice, sherry, and cayenne. With the motor running, add the melted butter in a slow, steady stream, blending until the sauce is smooth and thickened., ingredients: [1 12 pounds salmon fillet, 1 cup melted butter, 1 lemon, zested, 4 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 6 eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 dashes hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 3 bagels, sliced, Hollandaise sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, for garnish, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon golden sherry, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 cup melted butter], title: Eggs Benedict Grill, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 37561: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of the water to a boil in a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add the chicken breast, reduce the heat and simmer until cooked through, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the pot to a cutting board or bowl and set aside until cool enough to handle. Shred the chicken with a fork and set aside.nBring the remaining 4 cups of water to a boil in a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add peas and cook for 30 seconds. Remove peas from pot with a slotted spoon and divide them between the serving bowls. Add the noodles to the pot and cook for 6 minutes. Drain and add noodles to the peas in the serving bowls.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a large sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, curry paste, madras curry powder, turmeric, coriander and garlic to the pot and saute for 1 minute. Add the chicken broth to the pot, and bring to a boil. Stir in the light coconut milk and almond milk, then reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the shredded chicken, palm sugar, lime juice and fish sauce and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the spinach leaves and cook for 30 seconds. Ladle the chicken mixture over the noodles and peas in the serving bowls. Stir some chopped cilantro, green onions and chiles into each bowl.nTop with chopped peanuts a lime wedge. Garnish with a sprig of cilantro and serve.nBon apetit, ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, 12 pound snow peas, trimmed and cut crosswise in half, 1 5 34ounce package pad Thai noodles or wide rice noodles, 1 tablespoon grapeseed or coconut oil, 14 cup thinly sliced shallots, 2 teaspoons red curry paste, 1 12 teaspoons madras curry powder, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 6 cups chicken broth, 1 cup light coconut milk, 1 cup unsweetened almond milk, 2 tablespoons palm sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 cups fresh spinach leaves, torn in 12, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus 8 sprigs, for garnish, 12 cup julienne green onions, white and light green, 4 Thai red chiles, seeded and chopped, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted peanuts, 8 lime wedges], title: Thai Curry Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 37562: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 x 13inch glass casserole or lasagna pan.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan, add the bread cubes and stir to coat evenly. Spread the cubes on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes or until lightly brown and crisp. Remove the bread and turn the oven temperature up to 400 degrees F.nCombine the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cinnamon and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the chopped apples, walnuts, cream cheese and toasted bread cubes. Drizzle with the reserved sugar syrup and mix to evenly distribute. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan.nBake, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Then bake an additional 5 minutes, without stirring, until the top is golden brown and crusty and the liquid is almost gone. Serve warm with pitchers of crema or heavy cream for adding at the table., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 loaf French bread or baguette, with crust, cut into small cubes, 1 pound brown sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 cup walnuts, chopped, 12 pound cream cheese, chilled and chopped, Crema or heavy cream for garnish], title: Apple Bread Pudding Capirotada, picturelink: null}, 37563: {instructions: Butter a halfsheet pan about 12 by 17 inches, line it with parchment paper, and butter the parchment paper. Set aside.nBring the broth, salt, white pepper, and cayenne to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. With broth mixture at a boil, gradually pour in the grits, while whisking constantly. After the grits are incorporated, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook, stirring constantly, until the grits are thick, about 5 minutes. Add the cheese and stir until melted. Spread the grits in an even layer about 12inch thick in the prepared pan and refrigerate until set and firm, at least 1 hour.nBring the smoked turkey stock to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the greens and adjust the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until greens are tender and liquid has evaporated, about 1 hour. Remove from heat and add the cider vinegar. Keep warm while frying the grits cakes.nWhen the grits are set and firm, turn the grits out onto a clean cutting board. Using a 1 12inch round or square cutter, cut the grits into small cakes. Put some instant flour on a plate and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the cakes in the seasoned flour. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet, and fry the cakes, in batches, until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and drain on a paper towellined plate.nTop each grits cake with some of the braised greens and serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved.nBring 3 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot. Add all the ingredients, reduce heat, and simmer for 1 hour. Strain the broth into a large bowl or plastic container. If not using immediately, fill the sink up with ice water to come about halfway up the sides of the container. Nestle the broth in the ice bath and stir it periodically to cool it down. Cover and refrigerate for up to 5 days or freeze for up to 3 months.nYield: approximately 2 12 quarts, ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium canned vegetable broth, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup instant white grits, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack, Instant flour, for dredging recommended: Wondra, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cups Smoked Turkey Stock, recipe follows, 1 large bunch collard greens, stemmed and chopped, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, 1 pound smoked turkey wings, 1 large onion, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 large carrot, sliced into 12inch pieces, 1 rib celery, sliced into 1inch pieces, 10 black peppercorns, ground, 1 tablespoon hot red pepper sauce], title: Braised Collard Greens on Grits Cakes, picturelink: null}, 37564: {instructions: Shred the chicken and set aside. Toss the next 11 ingredients together in a bowl. Set aside to marinate for 20 minutes. Add the shredded chicken and toss together.nSpindry the lettuces together and places equal portions in the center of chilled salad plates. Place 14 of the marinating cucumber mixture on top of each salad. Spoon the remaining vinaigrette equally over each salad., ingredients: [2 6ounce chicken breast halves without skin, grilled and shredded, 4 cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped pickled ginger, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 scallion, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 pinch chili flakes, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon whole sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon chili oil, optional, 1 head green leaf lettuce, washed and torn, 1 head romaine lettuce, washed and chopped], title: Bills Chinese Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 37565: {instructions: Toast the coriander and cumin seeds in a dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until fragrant and slightly smoking. Pour into a pestle and mortar and grind until you get a fine powder. Shake into a large bowl.nAdd the garlic and ginger to the mortar and pestle and pound until a paste forms. Scrape into the large bowl.nAdd the beef, 2 tablespoons of minced cilantro, garam masala, baking soda and 1 teaspoon of salt. Using your hands, thoroughly mix all the ingredients together until the meat is sticky, just a few minutes. Allow the meat to rest about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the cherries and the cashews in a small bowl.nWhen meat has rested, divide into 16 equal portions. Roll each one into 2inch sausage shapes. Make a long indentation in each sausage and stuff with 12 teaspoon of the dried cherry stuffing and pinch the meat together over the stuffing. Roll the kebab between your hands to thoroughly seal it. Repeat with the remaining kebabs.nWarm the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large nonstick skillet until shimmering. Place the kebabs in the pan in a circular formation, making sure none of the kebabs touch. By the time youve placed your last kebab in the pan it will probably be time to start turning the first ones you set down. Cook, turning frequently, until browned all the way around and cooked all the way through, 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the kebabs are cooking, make the simple dipping sauce. Combine the yogurt, the remaining cilantro and half the lime juice. Season with salt and pepper.nRemove the kebabs to a platter with a small bowl of sauce in the center. Drizzle the remaining lime juice over the kebabs and finish with cilantro leaves. Serve.nCombine the cinnamon, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using, in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 12inch thick slice of ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 pound ground beef, Small handful fresh cilantro, minced about 2 tablespoons, plus 2 tablespoons for sauce, 12 teaspoon storebought or homemade garam masala, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dried cherries, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons toasted cashews, chopped, 2 tablespoons grapeseed or canola oil, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 lime, juiced, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Beef Kebabs with a Surprise Center, picturelink: null}, 37566: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a saucepan and cover with water. Salt water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, return to saucepan to dry potatoes completely. Flatten each potato using your palm if potatoes arent too hot or the flat side of a meat pounder. Serve potatoes on a large platter and spoon creme fraiche on top of potatoes. Top with lime zest and squeeze lime over potatoes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound unpeeled baby red potatoes 1 to 1 12inches in diameter, 34 cup creme fraiche, 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smash Mouth Reds, picturelink: AkvV56GGLL2vxeNO05sMyLzsMMnL6Pa}, 37567: {instructions: In the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with a doughhook attachment, combine yeast, sugar, and water, and stir to blend. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Stir in the oil and salt. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until most of the flour has been absorbed, and the dough forms a ball. Continue to mix at the lowest speed until soft and satiny but still firm, 4 to 5 minutes. Add additional flour, if necessary, to keep the dough from sticking. The dough will be quite soft. Transfer the dough to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator. Let the dough rise in the refrigerator until doubled or tripled in bulk, 8 to 12 hours. The dough can be kept for 2 to 3 days in the refrigerator. Simply punch down the dough as it doubles or triples. Proceed with the individual recipes for bread tart or fougasse, recipes follow.nAt least 40 minutes before placing the assembled fougasse in the oven, preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Punch down the prepared dough and divide it evenly into 5 pieces. Shape each piece into a ball. On a lightly floured surface, roll each ball of dough into an 8 by 5inch rectangle. Using a pastry scraper, cut 3 or 4 lengthwise slashes into the bread. Sprinkle a baking sheet with coarse cornmeal, and carefully transfer the rectangles of dough to the baking sheet. Gently pull apart at the slashes. Cover with a clean towel, and let rest for 10 minutes.nAssemble the fougasse: Brush lightly with olive oil, then sprinkle with preferred toppings. Reduce oven temperature to 450 degrees F, and bake until golden and crusty, about 25 to 30 minutes. Yield: 5 fougassenHeat oven to 450 degrees F. Knead the lemon zest into the bread dough. Roll out the dough to a 10inch round, and carefully transfer the dough to a baking sheet. Spread the creme fraiche evenly onto the bread dough right to the edge. Sprinkle with sugar. Bake until the tart is puffed and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven, let sit for about 3 minutes so the cream and sugar solidify, and the tart is easier to cut, and serve. Yield: 1 10inch tart, ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 13 cups lukewarm water about 105 degrees, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 4 cups bread flour, plus more if necessary, 1 12 pounds Basic Bread Dough, Coarse cornmeal, for baking sheet, Olive oil or honey, for brushing on fougasse, Olives, herbs, oilmarinated capers, candied orange peel and granulated sugar, herbes de Provence, or aniseed for garnish, 12 lemon, zest grated, 1 pound Basic Bread Dough, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 12 cup sugar], title: Basic Bread Dough, picturelink: null}, 37568: {instructions: PASTA: Put broccoli in a microwave safe bowl with two tablespoons of water, cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir once half way through cooking time. Remove, drain and set aside.nBoil pasta in plenty of salted water until al dente. Reserve one cup cooking water, drain pasta and set aside. Return pasta to cooking pot and stir in sundried tomatoes, pesto sauce and broccoli. Add warm pasta cooking water and stir just until sauce is evenly distributed you may not use all the water. Serve immediately.nPESTO: Pulse garlic, pine nuts and manchego cheese until coarsely chopped, about the size of peas. Add basil leaves and pulse briefly to combine. With food processor running, add oil gradually in a thin stream to make a smooth paste. Add salt to taste., ingredients: [1 lb. corkscrew pasta, Kosher salt, 4oz. jar sundried tomato halves, drained and cut in 14 slices, half a 16oz. bag frozen broccoli florets, 1 cup prepared basil pesto recipe follows, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted in a skillet until lightly browned, 14 cup manchego cheese, cut in pieces, 3 cups basil leaves, tightly packed, 14 cup olive oil, salt to taste], title: Pesto Pasta With SunDried Tomatoes and Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 37569: {instructions: Make the Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 9inch cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nIn a large mixing bowl, cream the butter then add the sugar and continue mixing until light and fluffy.nMeanwhile, sift together the cake flour, baking powder, and salt.nWith the mixer on low speed, gradually add the water and eggs to the butter mixture until blended. Mix in the root beer extract and vanilla. Alternately add the flour mixture and milk to form a smooth batter.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and bake until just set, about 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool in pans for 5 minutes, and then invert onto cooling racks to cool completely before frosting.nMake the Frosting: In a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the confectioners sugar and butter. Mix on low speed until well blended then increase speed to medium and beat for another 3 minutes. Add the cream and vanilla and continue to beat on medium speed for 1 minute more, adding more cream if needed to reach spreading consistency.nTo decorate the cake: Place 1 cooled cake layer on a cake stand, frost the top surface, and chill for 15 minutes or freeze 5 minutes. Place the second cake layer on top, inverting it to create a flat top, and push down on it slightly. Frost the sides and top with a thin layer of frosting to hold in any crumbs called a crumb layer, and chill 30 minutes or freeze 15 minutes.nApply a second layer of frosting to finish off the cake, swirling the frosting a bit. Place 12 elbow straws in the cake around the top, and place colored streamers around the edge of the cake flowing down to the base., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 cups cake flour, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 12 teaspoons water, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon root beer extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 7 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 12 cups butter, 3 to 5 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, Equipment: 12 elbow straws and colored streamers], title: Old Fashioned Root Beer Float Cake, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 37570: {instructions: In a large saute pan on medium heat coated with oil, saute garlic, ginger, black beans and scallions until soft. Add hoisin and stir for 2 minutes. Add red wine, soy sauce and sugar. Check for seasoning. Bring sauce to a boil then add roasted duck. Turn duck frequently to completely coat with sauce. Braise in sauce for 15 minutes then remove duck. Keep sauce on a low simmer. When duck is cool enough to touch, break down duck to small pieces. Add pieces back to the sauce, completely coat and serve immediately.nEither purchase a roasted duck from a Chinese store or follow these easy roasting instructions: In a 350 degree oven, using a rack over a hotel pan of water, roast an unseasoned duck for 1 hour, 30 minutes on each side. The water will not only prevent duck fat from splattering everywhere, but will also help keep the duck moist., ingredients: [Canola oil to cook, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, 14 cup chopped scallions, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup dark soy sauce, 12 cup sugar, 1 whole roasted duck], title: Twice Cooked Duck, picturelink: null}, 37571: {instructions: Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Grease a 6 slot muffin pan with nonstick vegetable spray.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, bell pepper, jalapeno, corn and cilantro. Whisk in the butter mixture.nIn a separate bowl, stir together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, soda, salt and sugar. Mix into the liquid mixture.nDivide the batter evenly among the muffins slots and bake for 16 minutes or until set, turning the pan once for even baking., ingredients: [2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons finely diced onion, 1 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 14 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 1 jalapeno peppers, finely diced, 14 cup fresh or frozen corn, thawed, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, 34 cup blue cornmeal can substitute yellow, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar], title: Blue Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 37572: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the carrots, peppers and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until well incorporated, about 5 minutes more.nAdd the chicken stock, beer and halfandhalf and cook, whisking often, at a very slow simmer over mediumlow heat for 15 minutes.nAdd the cheddar to the soup by the handful, whisking each batch until smooth. Add the Worcestershire, hot sauce, 12 teaspoon black pepper, the nutmeg, mustard and lemon juice, and stir to combine.nPuree the soup in batches in a blender holding a thick towel over the lid to prevent overflow until very smooth.nJust before serving, reheat the soup until steaming and taste for seasoning, adding salt as necessary. Ladle the soup into bowls and garnish each bowl with a swirl of mustard oil, a dollop of goat cheese and a sprinkle of thyme., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, 1 to 1 12 large carrots, diced about 34 cup, 34 cup smalldiced piquillo peppers, or 12 large red bell pepper, diced, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, lowsodium storebought or homemade, One 12ounce bottle beer, preferably a mildflavored blond or pale ale, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 12 ounces aged yellow cheddar aged at least 2 years, grated, 12 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot sauce, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Mustard oil or extravirgin olive oil, for garnish, Fresh goat cheese, for garnish, Fresh thyme leaves, for garnish], title: BestEver Beer Cheese Soup, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 37573: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until slightly darkened, about 10 minutes let cool completely. Transfer to a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add the flour and pulse to combine.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 12 cup confectioners sugar, the vanilla and almond extracts, and salt and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Cover and refrigerate until slightly firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the dried cherries, amaretto and 1 tablespoon water in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave 30 seconds set aside until the cherries are plump, about 20 minutes.nScoop out a tablespoonful of dough, press a dried cherry into the center, then shape the dough into a ball, enclosing the cherry. Repeat with the remaining dough and cherries and arrange about 1 inch apart on 2 ungreased baking sheets. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until lightly golden on the bottom, 15 to 20 minutes. Put the remaining 1 cup confectioners sugar in a large shallow bowl. Let the cookies cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then carefully transfer to the bowl with the sugar and gently toss. Transfer to racks to cool completely, then toss in the sugar again.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [34 cup raw almonds with skins, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup dried cherries, 3 tablespoons amaretto liqueur], title: CherryAlmond Snowballs, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 37574: {instructions: For the grits: Combine the 3 cups water, the milk, 1 tablespoon of the butter, the salt and pepper in a large saucepan over medium heat. Bring the liquid to a gentle boil. Stir in the grits. Cook for 1 hour 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. The grits will stick to the bottom of the pan, so make sure not to scrape the bottom of the pan. If the grits absorbed all of the water, add some hot water to thin out the grits. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the cheese and jalapeno peppers. The grits can either be served immediately or prepared in advance and reheated.nnFor the lobster: Rub the lobster meat with the garlic, oil and butter and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Grill, bodyside down at first, until cooked threequarters of the way through flip and grill meatside down. Remove from the grill and squeeze over the lime juice.nnFor the cioppino: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan until just about to the smoking point quickly add the garlic, tomatoes and red pepper flakes. Saute until the garlic becomes translucent. Add the clams, cook for 2 minutes, then add the shrimp and the wine immediately after. Simmer until the shrimp and clams are halfway cooked, then add the butter, crab claws and knuckle meat and the lionfish. Cover and simmer until the fish is barely cooked through season with salt and black pepper, and finish with the basil, parsley, mint and a spritz of fresh lemon juice.nnReheat the grits, if needed, and place 2 cups grits into a large, deep platter. Arrange the cioppino around the grits, and garnish with the grilled lobster. Serve., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 34 cup stoneground white grits, 1 cup ParmesanReggiano, grated, 3 tablespoons roasted jalapeno peppers, diced, 1 fresh Florida lobster, split and cleaned, 14 cup slivered garlic, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 1 ounce unsalted butter, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup slivered garlic, 12 cup peeled and diced heirloom tomatoes, 1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 12 Venus clams, washed, 12 Florida pink shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 4 stone crab claws, knuckle meat removed and shell removedfrom the claw, Two 3ounce lionfish fillets, cubed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh basil chiffonade, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon fresh mint chiffonade, 1 lemon, halved], title: Florida Cioppino with Grilled Lobster and Jalapeno Cheese Grits, picturelink: null}, 37575: {instructions: Place bacon between paper towels and microwave 60 seconds on high. Cool bacon and chop or crumble it up.nPlace green beans in a bowl and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Cover the bowl loosely with plastic wrap and microwave green beans on high for 5 minutes, stir and cook 5 minutes more. Remove wrap and top green beans with crumbled bacon., ingredients: [6 slices microwave readycrisp bacon, 1 16ounce bag frozen green beans, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Microwaycool Bacon and Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 37576: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nDivide corn oil between 2 10inch nonstick ovenproof skillets. Over high heat, heat oil until just smoking. Place 2 pieces of monkfish in each skillet, and saute until fish is browned on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Turn the fish, and transfer the skillets to the preheated oven. Bake for about 8 minutes, or until a cake tester can be easily inserted into the fish or, when left in the fillet for 5 seconds, is warm to your lip.nIn a large enameled pot over medium heat, add butter, bacon, and mushrooms. Cover, and cook for about 4 minutes. Add garlic, shallots, and chicken stock. Reduce heat to low, and cook, covered, about 5 minutes, being careful not to let the liquid evaporate.nAdd asparagus, snow peas, and parsley. Saute until just heated through. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat, and divide among 4 plates.nTransfer the monkfish from the oven to a cutting board, and slice the pieces into 14inch thick slices fan over vegetables. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons corn oil, 4 8ounce pieces monkfish tail about 2 pounds, cleaned, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons doublesmoked bacon, julienned, 4 cups white mushrooms, cut into quarters, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 4 tablespoons chicken stock, 16 pencil asparagus tips, blanched, 1 cup snow peas, blanched, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Loin of Monkfish with Vegetable Ragout, picturelink: null}, 37577: {instructions: Place sheet pan on freezer shelf. Fill with 1 to 2 inches of water and freeze overnight.nAt serving time, place an overturned sheet pan on top of the frozen pan. Wrap in plastic wrap.nPlace 2 scoops vanilla ice cream onto frozen tray. Mix in desired toppings using metal spatulas or spoons. Serve in glasses or bowls., ingredients: [12 gallon vanilla ice cream, Smashed Baci Candies, Smashed Biscotti or Amaretti, Licorice Candies, roughly chopped, Candied Wedding Almonds, roughly chopped, Chocolate Sauce, Citrus Zest, Crushed Mixed Berries Raspberries, Blueberries, Strawberries], title: Ice Cream Mixin Station, picturelink: null}, 37578: {instructions: Roll and stretch the dough into a 12inch square on a lightly floured surface. Combine the cream cheese, lemon zest and nutmeg in a bowl. Spread over the dough. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons each granulated sugar and sliced almonds, then the blueberries, pressing lightly. Cut into 16 small squares and make 4 stacks of 4 squares each.nPlace each stack on its side in a buttered 9by5inch loaf pan. Gently separate the dough layers so the dough fills the pan. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon each granulated sugar and sliced almonds.nCover the loaf loosely with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until the dough rises by half its size, 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350. Bake the loaf until its browned and cooked through, 40 to 45 minutes tent with foil if its browning too quickly. Let cool 15 minutes in the pan, then loosen the edges with a knife. Remove to a plate and let cool 30 minutes. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 pound frozen white bread dough, thawed, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Pinch of nutmeg, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds, 1 cup blueberries, Confectioners sugar, for serving], title: BlueberryCream Cheese PullApart Bread, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 37579: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes if dry or according to package directions if fresh. Drain pasta reserving 1 cup of the pasta cooking water.nMeanwhile, in a large, heavy skillet heat the olive oil and garlic over mediumhigh heat and add the sausage. Use a wooden spoon to break up the sausage into bitesized bits. When the sausage has browned, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside. Add the peas to the pan and, using the back of the wooden spoon, smash the peas. Turn off the heat. Add the ricotta cheese along with the cooked pasta and toss to coat, adding the pasta cooking water in 14 cup additions, if needed, to make the pasta moist. Return the sausage to the pan. Add the basil, Pecorino Romano cheese, and salt. Toss gently to coat and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh or dried tagliatelle pasta or other wide, long pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 pound frozen peas, thawed, 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves chopped about 34 cup, 14 cup fresh grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Tagliatelle with Smashed Peas, Sausage, and Ricotta Cheese, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 37580: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCover pizzas with cheese, 1 sack per shell. To each pizza, add about 12 teaspoon each of oregano, red pepper flakes and garlic powder. Bake until cheese is brown and bubbly, 810 minutes.nGrind olives in food processor.nUsing a cake spatula or a rubber spatula, spread olives onto hot pizzas fresh from the oven, leaving a 4 inch wide circular space at the center of the pizza. Add roasted red peppers to the center of each pizza. Finished pizzas should look like vinyl records., ingredients: [2 thin crust prepared 12 inch pizza shells recommended: Boboli brand, 2 10ounce sacks Italian 4 Cheese Blend, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 cups pitted black olives or 2 15ounce cans, drained, 3 roasted red peppers, drained well and chopped], title: Vinyl Pizzas, picturelink: ORgT77ammXCSj7FJod.8nEflAYC1mWO}, 37581: {instructions: Arrange a couple of large sheets of parchment paper on a work surface. Set the leg of lamb on top of the parchment and cut small slits all over the leg meat. Nestle the garlic and rosemary into the slits, letting the rosemary stick out a bit, studding the meat. Whisk the extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl and rub it all over the lamb. Season, liberally, with salt and pepper, to taste, then rub the lamb with the thyme and parsley. Cover the leg with another sheet of parchment paper, and bring the bottom pieces up to meet with the top piece, forming a packet. Secure with kitchen string and marinate in refrigerator for 3 to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Put the lamb into a roasting pan and rest the leg bone on 1 corner of the pan to settle juices under the leg as it roasts. Roast the lamb for 3 hours, then remove it from the oven and let it rest for a 12 hour. Unwrap and carve 23 of the meat. Arrange the lamb on a serving platter and spoon the pan juices over the slices. When you remove the lamb switch oven to 375 degrees F to bake off other makeahead meals, such as the Stuffed Peppers with Lamb and Eggplant.nServe roast lamb with Mint Sauce, Roasted Tomatoes and Asparagus alongside, if desired.nAfter your main meal is carved, cut the remainder of the meat into 12inch slices. Cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [1 leg of lamb, 7 to 8 pounds, bonein, trimmed of fat, 8 large cloves garlic, sliced, 6 sprigs rosemary, broken into 2inch pieces, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 lemons, juiced, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup combined chopped thyme and parsley leaves], title: SlowRoasted ParchmentWrapped Leg of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 37582: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat the chunked chicken lightly in flour, seasoned with a little salt. Heat a large skillet or a wokshaped nonstick pan over high heat. Stir fry chicken until golden, 3 or 4 minutes. Remove chicken from the pan and return pan to heat. Reduce heat to medium.nAdd a splash of vinegar to the pan and let it evaporate. Add stock or broth to the pan and scrape up any drippings with a whisk. Thin curd by stirring in a little hot water. Add curd to broth and whisk to combine. Add chicken back to the pan and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes to thicken sauce and finish cooking chicken pieces through. Remove the pan from heat, add the scallions or chives and zest, and toss chicken pieces well to combine zest and scallions or chives evenly throughout the sauce., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken breast or chicken tenders, cut into chunks, 14 cup allpurpose unbleached flour, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons wok or vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan preferred brand: House of Tsang, 1 tablespoon a splash white or rice wine vinegar, 12 cup chicken broth or stock, 8 ounces 1 cup prepared lemon curd, 14 cup hot water, 1 lemon, zested, 2 scallions, thinly sliced or 20 blades fresh chives, finely chopped], title: Lemon Chicken, picturelink: dYH6QXqwD34dskSXMpII1AGzc3VvDu}, 37583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the potatoes with the oil and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until the skins are slightly crisp and the inside is tender and can be easily pierced with a paring knife, about 45 minutes. Leave the oven on.nMeanwhile, put the bacon in a cold medium skillet and cook over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp and brown, about 10 minutes. Drain briefly on paper towels, then transfer to a cutting board and chop finely.nHalve the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out most of the potato flesh, leaving about 14inch of flesh on the skin. Arrange the potatoes on the baking sheet and brush both sides with the butter. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper, then arrange cutside up and return to the oven to bake until crisp and golden brown in spots, about 10 minutes.nToss the cheese with the cornstarch in a bowl. Bring the beer to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the cheese mixture to the beer, a handful at a time, stirring until melted before adding more. When all of the cheese has melted, remove from the heat and stir in the Worcestershire, mustard and cayenne.nArrange the potato skins on a platter and drizzle with the beer cheese. Top with the bacon and scallions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 small russet potatoes about 2 pounds, scrubbed and pricked all over with a fork, 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices bacon, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar about 6 ounces, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 12 cup lager or pilsner beer, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Pinch dried mustard, Pinch cayenne pepper, 3 scallions, chopped], title: Potato Skins with Beer Cheese, picturelink: 3FZkazqac8ACYF.rywfZfP5SoMjKiV6}, 37584: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan.nSeason chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Grill for about 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Set aside to rest for 2 minutes and then cut into bitesize pieces.nIn a skillet, cook the prosciutto over moderate heat until it is crisp transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Break into bitesize pieces.nHalve, pit, peel and cut the avocado into 12inch pieces.nIn a large salad bowl, toss together the romaine, corn, and watercress. Add the chicken, prosciutto, tomatoes, egg yolks and whites, and avocado.nPour Grilled Onion Blue Cheese Dressing over salad and toss well. Divide over tortillas and fold or roll up to make a sandwich wrap.nPreheat a grill or grill pan. Onions can be grilled utilizing a stove top grill pan or outside grill.nRemove outer skin of the onion. Cut into 12inch thick circles. Place in bowl and season with extravirgin olive oil, salt, and pepper, to taste. Transfer onion to grill or grill pan and cook over mediumhigh heat until they have a transparent, caramelized color, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool, then cut into medium dice.nIn mixing bowl, combine mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, hot sauce, and Worcestershire until well blended. Add blue cheese and mix well to incorporate throughout dressing. Fold in diced grilled onions. Check for seasoning. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 whole skinless boneless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds total, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 slices prosciutto, 2 ripe avocados, 12 head romaine, rinsed, spun dry, and finely chopped about 4 cups, 1 cup cooked corn fresh or frozen, heated or defrosted, 1 bunch watercress, 2 tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped, 3 large hardboiled eggs, separated and chopped, 4 large flour tortillas, 1 12 cups Grilled Onion Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, 1 sweet white onion, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 ounces blue cheese, crumbled], title: Corn on the Cobb Salad Wrap with Grilled Onion Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 37585: {instructions: Heat the brandy, apple liqueur and apple cider in a saucepan until almost boiling.nPlace a wine or cordial glass under hot running water to heat. Add the cherry liqueur and sour cherry to the hot glass and pour in the brandy mixture., ingredients: [1 ounce brandy, 12 ounce apple liqueur, 6 ounces apple cider, 12 ounce cherry liqueur, 1 sour cherry, for garnish], title: Hot Shot, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 37586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl combine all the ingredients, tossing to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Put the potato mixture into a casserole dish, flatten it out with a spatula, and bake for 40 minutes, until the potatoes are tender and the gratin is bubbly. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with fresh chives., ingredients: [2 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and sliced paperthin, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 garlic cloves, split, Leaves from 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potatoes Gratin, picturelink: Xqa1Hw7uZ90CtDWYELJTTJaZjrnrvC}, 37587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large soup pot, heat the olive oil. Season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper, add it to the pot and brown it. As its browning stir in the chili powder, coriander, cumin, paprika, oregano and cinnamon. Lower the temperature under the meat to toast the spices. In a food processor puree the onions, garlic, chipotle peppers, jalapeno, tomato paste and sugar and add it to the pot. Increase the heat to medium to steam vegetables a little and sweeten the peppers. Add enough water to cover by 1 inch, about 1 quart, and add tomatoes with their liquid. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer until the meat is forktender and comes apart with no resistance, about 2 hours. As it cooks down, add more water, if necessary. When done, stir in the masa harina. Take a potato masher and mash the chili so the meat comes apart in shreds. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish each serving with the shredded Cheddar, chives, and sour cream., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds beef shoulder, cut into large cubes, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 onions, diced, 10 garlic cloves, halved, 3 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup masa harina, 3 cups shredded white Cheddar, for garnish, 2 bunches chopped chives, for garnish, 1 12 cups sour cream, for garnish], title: Beef Chili, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 37588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12count mini pumpkin cake mold pans.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the cake pan with nonstick cooking spray, coat with flour, and knock out the excess.nCombine the cake mix with the pumpkin puree and oil. Beat with a hand mixer on medium until well incorporated, about 2 minutes. Some pumpkin purees have more moisture than others, if the cake batter seems dry then add more pumpkin puree, 14 cup at a time.nUsing an ice cream scoop, fill the molds 23 of the way to the top with batter. Bake until the tops are golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 12 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes and remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nIn a large bowl, combine the icing ingredients and mix together until well blended the icing should be thick but have a pourable consistency. If its too thick add a little water to thin. If you want the color to be more orange add a few drops of red and yellow food coloring. Dip the top 12 of each cupcake into the icing and place onto a sheet pan fitted with a wire rack allowing the icing to drip down the sides. Let icing set for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, 1 18 14ounce box yellow cake mix, 34 cup pumpkin puree, plus more if needed, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup pumpkin puree, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, Red and yellow food coloring, if desired], title: Pumpkin Cupcakes, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 37589: {instructions: In a food processor, blend the ricotta cheese until light and fluffy, about 20 seconds. Add the jam and pulse until combined. Transfer to a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream until thick. Add the powdered sugar and continue to beat until the cream holds stiff peaks. Working in batches, carefully fold the cream mixture into the ricotta mixture. Spoon the mousse into serving bowls and refrigerate for 1 hour. Garnish with fresh raspberries and serve., ingredients: [1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta cheese, 12 cup raspberry jam, 1 cup whipping cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 cup fresh raspberries], title: RaspberryRicotta Mousse, picturelink: Omzl2HK9.yttu5XIESDu8i7qUVEoUuO}, 37590: {instructions: Dredge the pork chops in the cajun spice. Heat frying pan with peanut oil. Place the pork chops into the heated pan and sear until golden brown. Cut carrots into thin slices. In a bowl, add the carrots, thyme, olive oil, salt and pepper. Add the carrots to the saute pan with the pork chops. Place the saute pan into a preheated, 425 degree oven for 7 to 10 minutes. Remove the pork chops from the pan, leaving the carrots, and deglaze the pan with orange juice.nPotato pancakes: In a bowl, combine potatoes, onion, egg, thyme and salt and pepper. Toss in flour. In a saute pan, heat peanut oil. Form large thin pancakes. Place pancake into heated pan and brown on both sides about 7 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 12inch center cut pork chops, Cajun Spice Mix, recipe follows, Peanut or olive oil, 2 carrots, Fresh thyme, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, Juice of 1 orange, 2 Yukon Gold Potatoes julienned, 12 small onion sliced thin, 1 egg, Fresh thyme, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, Peanut oil, 14 cup salt, 14 cup cayenne, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons oregano, 2 tablespoons thyme], title: Pan Seared Pork Chops with Glazed Carrots and Potato Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 37591: {instructions: Blend the apple slices, ice, cottage cheese, cashews, apple pie spice, vanilla extract and 14 cup water in a blender on high speed until smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Pour into a tall glass, sprinkle with more apple pie spice and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large sweet apple, such as Honeycrisp, cored and sliced, 1 cup ice, 12 cup lowsalt or unsalted lowfat cottage cheese, 2 tablespoons raw cashews, 12 teaspoon apple pie spice, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Apple Pie Protein Shake, picturelink: null}, 37592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut half of the ice into a blender. Add half of the soy milk, the cereal, seeds, raisins and dates. Blend until smooth. Add the remaining ice, honey and soy milk. Blend again until the mixture is creamy and smooth. Serve in a glass with a straw., ingredients: [1 16ounce glass ice cubes, 4 ounces plain soy milk, 2 tablespoons mixed cereal, such as wheat flakes or oats, 1 tablespoon mixed seeds, such as sunflower or pumpkin, 1 tablespoon raisins, 2 pitted dates, chopped, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Breakfast Smoothie, picturelink: A2NOstrNLch.oU1QiM3SiCXjQFJBntW}, 37593: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12cup muffin tin with cooking spray.nLine a plate with 2 layers of paper towels and place the cherries on top to dry briefly.nPut the bananas in a large bowl and mash them very thoroughly with a fork. Add the vanilla and mix and mash to combine. Add the eggs and whisk until well beaten.nDivide the cherries evenly among the muffin cups, then pour in the banana custard each cup will be about threequarters full. Bake until the muffins are domed and set, 12 to 14 minutes.nRun a thin knife around the edge of each muffin and remove with a small offset spatula. Cool slightly. Dust with powdered sugar if using and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the muffin tin, 34 cup frozen pitted cherries, thawed, halved and well drained, 3 very ripe bananas, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Banana Cherry Custard Muffins, picturelink: Dxh6VkNM6NWBvIWkh8CWqRFEOYIK}, 37594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium.nArrange the peppers on the hot grill, turning them when the skin is charred and blistered, and all sides have been roasted. Remove the peppers to a bowl and set aside to cool. Scrape the flaking skins from the chiles and dice. Grill the green onions in the same way until lightly charred and wilted. Remove them from the grill to a cutting board and finely chop. Add the chiles, onion and the shredded cheeses to a medium bowl and mix well. Put 1 tortilla on top of well seasoned comal and spread it with some of the cheese mixture. Top with some Chipotle Pico de Gallo and cover with a second tortilla. After about 2 minutes carefully flip and toast the other side, about 2 to 3 minutes. The tortillas should be golden brown and the cheese should be thoroughly melted. Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling. Cut the quesadillas into quarters for single servings or into eighths for appetizers.nCombine all the ingredients in a glass bowl and mix well. It is best to let this stand for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to marry. Drain the salsa of excess liquid and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [4 fresh pasilla chiles, fire roasted, stems and seeds removed, 4 fresh Anaheim chiles, fire roasted, stem and seeds removed, 2 bunches fresh green onions, grilled and chopped fine, 1 pound Cotija cheese, crumbled, approximately 1 12 cups can be found in Mexican markets, 1 pound sharp Cheddar, shredded approximately 2 cups, 12 pound Parmesan, shredded approximately 1 cup, 1 cup Chipotle Mango Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 16 storebought flour tortillas, 6 large tomatoes, brunoise or small dice, 4 green onions, white and green parts, diced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves minced, 1 large jalapeno pepper, brunoise or small dice, 1 large ripe mango, peeled and small dice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 or 3 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, drained and brunoise or small dice recommended: Embasa brand, 1 lime, juiced, about 2 tablespoons, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cowboy Chipotle Mango Quesadillas, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 37595: {instructions: Place 12 2 34inch round by 1 12inches tall steel individual cake rings on a parchment lined sheet pan. Alternately, you can use 1 large 9inch round by 2 12inch tall metal dessert ring. Cut 12 circles from the Chocolate Butter Sheet Cake and put 1 in the bottom of each metal ring. Using a pastry brush, moisten each cake with Raspberry Simple Syrup. Arrange 3 or 4 fresh raspberries inside the rings on top of the cake circles.nMelt the chocolate and 7ounces of the butter in the top of a double boiler, over gently boiling water upper pan should not touch water. Remove from the double boiler but keep the mixture warm and liquid.nWhip the cream until it comes to soft peaks that hold their shape. Refrigerate until needed.nWhisk the remaining 2 ounces of butter with the eggs, sugar, and raspberry liqueur in a medium bowl. Place over gently boiling water the bowl should not touch water. Cook, whisking constantly, for 5 to 10 minutes, until the mixture reaches 160 degrees on a thermometer. Immediately remove from the heat and with an electric mixer, whip at high speed for about 5 minutes, until cool to touch.nWhisk the egg mixture into the melted chocolate and butter. Fold in the whipped cream, mixing until no streaks of white remain.nUsing a pastry bag or a large spoon, fill the prepared metal rings with the chocolate mousse, covering the raspberries. With a flat knife, scrape the mousse to make it level with tops of the rings. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours, until firm.nTo remove from mold, warm the sides of the rings by wrapping briefly with a hot towel, or use propane torch to heat sides so they release. Wrap a chocolate band around each torte, if desired. You can also decorate by arranging fresh raspberries, chocolate truffles, chocolate shards or chocolate leaves on top.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Brush the sides of a 12 by 16inch sheet pan with melted butter or cooking spray, and dust lightly with flour with cooking spray. Line the bottom with a rectangle of parchment or waxed paper.nCream the butter in a bowl, using an electric mixer until it is very light and aerated. Add the egg yolks, a few at a time, stopping to scrape the bowl in between additions. Add the melted chocolate, scraping the bowl again, beating until the chocolate is incorporated.nWhip the egg whites and cream of tartar in a clean bowl, using an electric mixer. When they are frothy, gradually add the sugar, whipping until soft peaks form. Fold the whites into the yolk mixture.nSift the flour onto the batter and gently fold it in. Spread evenly into the prepared pan. Bake 10 to 15 minutes, until the cake is just set and a light crust has formed on the top. Cool.nHeat the sugar and water in a small saucepan, gently swirling the pan until the sugar dissolves. Cook just until the syrup is clear: do not boil. Stir in raspberry sauce and the liqueur, if using.nIn a blender or a food processor, puree the raspberries with the sugar, lemon juice, and liqueur. Strain through a fine sieve to remove the seeds. Refrigerate. ., ingredients: [1 Chocolate Butter Sheet Cake, recipe follows, Raspberry Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 pint fresh raspberries plus 1 pint fresh raspberries for optional garnish, 10 ounces very bittersweet 70 percent cocoa liqueur chocolate, chopped in 18inch pieces, 7 ounces 14 tablespoons plus 2 ounces 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup fine quality raspberry flavored liqueur, such as Chambord, 5 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 7 eggs separated, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup less 2 tablespoons 7 ounces sugar, 1 cup and 2 tablespoons 4 ounces sifted cake flour, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons raspberry sauce, 1 teaspoon fine quality raspberryflavored liqueur, optional, 2 cups raspberries fresh or frozen, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshsqueezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon raspberryflavored liqueur], title: Chocolate Raspberry Marquess, picturelink: null}, 37596: {instructions: Preheat a 10inch castiron skillet in a 425 degrees F oven. Whisk 34 cup each cornmeal and wholewheat flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Separately, whisk 1 34 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon melted butter and 2 tablespoons honey. Mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Coat the hot skillet with cooking spray and add the batter. Bake until golden, 18 to 20 minutes.nPer Slice: Calories: 157 Total Fat: 4 grams Saturated Fat: 2 grams Protein: 6 grams Total carbohydrates: 26 grams Sugar: 7 grams Fiber: 2.5 grams Cholesterol: 66 milligrams Sodium: 342 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: WholeWheat Cornbread, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 37597: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring water to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Add whole octopus, and simmer for 1 hour. Remove octopus from boiling water, and let cool at room temperature for 15 minutes. Cut the tentacles from the head, and discard the head. Chop the tentacles into small pieces. Heat a large saute pan with olive oil over medium heat, add the octopus, green pepper, tomatoes, olives, oregano, and vinegar. Saute for 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 to 7 pound whole octopus, cleaned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, stems, seeds, and ribs removed, julienned, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced into 12 moons, 14 pound pitted green olives, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar], title: Sauteed Octopus with Oregano, picturelink: null}, 37598: {instructions: Marinate the quail in olive oil, garlic and fresh herbs in the refrigerator overnight.nRemove from the refrigerator and sprinkle Creole seasoning blend on both sides. Grill on high heat over mesquite wood until done about 4 to 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [10 semiboneless Texas quail recommended: Diamond H Ranch brand, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh cilantro, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning blend], title: Grilled Texas Quail, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 37599: {instructions: Slice the stems into 1inch pieces and reserve. Stack the chard leaves into a pile. Roll together into a bundle and slice into 12inch ribbons.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the bacon and saute until browned, rendering the fat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until translucent. Add the red pepper flakes and the chard stems, cook for 3 to 4 minutes and then season with salt and pepper.nBegin to add the chard ribbons in batches. Once the chard wilts down, add the next batch. Stir occasionally until completely tender, about 5 minutes. Add the balsamic vinegar and serve., ingredients: [2 large bunches Swiss chard, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 strips thicksliced bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large onion, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar], title: Swiss Chard, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 37600: {instructions: Caramelize onion by melting 3 tablespoons butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook for 15to 20 minutes, or until onion is a deep brown, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and reserve.nSprinkle your rolling surface with a handful of cornmeal or flour. Place dough in the middle of the surface. Roll dough out gently 14inch thick, into either a 12inch rectangle or circle. Brush both sides with olive oil and set aside until ready to grill.nIf you are grilling on a charcoal grill, set coals on one side of the grill.nPlace dough directly on the cooking grate over medium heat for 1 to 3 minutes, until the crust is well marked and browned. Flip dough and spread tomato slices evenly over crust. Sprinkle onion over top, then sprinkle cheese over the top. Move to indirect heat for charcoal: the side of charcoal grill that has no coals. For gas: turn off burner directly under pizza. Cover grill and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until bottom is well browned, and cheese is fully melted.nRemove from grill, season with salt and pepper and slice. Serve immediately, ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 large yellow cooking onion, diced, 14 cup cornmeal, or flour, 1 4inch ball prepared dough, let rise to room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 medium tomatoes, thinly sliced, 4 ounces Stilton, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Tomato, Caramelized Onion, and Stilton Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37601: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and once hot, add the turkey sausage and cook, breaking up with the back of a wooden spoon, about 2 minutes. Once the sausage is beginning to brown, add the mushroom stems and continue to cook until soft and the turkey is cooked through. Add the garlic and briefly saute until fragrant. Stir in the white wine and scrap up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Cook until the wine has evaporated. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Add the blue cheese, breadcrumbs and parsley to the sauteed mixture and stir to combine.nPlace the mushroom caps cavityside up on the a sheet tray. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon the filling into the cavities and drizzle again with olive oil. You may need to pack down the filling with your hands. Bake 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for tossing and drizzling, 1 link Italian turkey sausage, casing removed, 24 large white mushrooms, stems removed, reserved and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup white wine, 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Savory Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: LVCejvTMWnpItQBuzn58x6.j5tzC.bi}, 37602: {instructions: Preheat oil to 325 degrees F.nRemove leaves from the rosemary 5 inches from base of stem to make skewers. Whip the eggs in a small bowl. In a another bowl, combine the flour, Cajun seasoning, salt, and freshly ground black pepper. On each skewer, place 2 shrimp, 1ounce lobster meat, and 2 shrimp. Repeat this for all skewers. Roll each skewer in seasoned flour, then egg, then flour again and repeat this on each skewer twice, making sure to only coat the lobster and shrimp. Check temperature on oil and begin frying. Fry each skewer for 4 to 5 minutes or until batter is golden brown. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups oil, for frying, 4 6 12inch rosemary sprigs, 2 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, Salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 large shrimp, 4 ounces lobster meat], title: Southern Fried Lobster and Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: null}, 37603: {instructions: Cook 1 pound halved peeled rainbow carrots in a large skillet with 14 inch salted boiling water until tender, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain, then return to the skillet. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 2 teaspoons grated peeled ginger toss. Add 2 teaspoons each lemon juice and soy sauce season with salt and pepper. Top with chives.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: GingerSoy Glazed Rainbow Carrots, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 37604: {instructions: Heat a grill to medium high.nFor the Bobbys rub for beef and pork: Combine the ancho chile, coriander, mustard, paprika, black pepper, salt, chile de arbol, cumin and oregano in a bowl. Set aside 2 tablespoons for the mushrooms. Store the remaining spice rub, tightly covered, in a cool, dry place for up to 6 months.nFor the portobello mushrooms and rajas: Brush the mushrooms generously with canola oil and season the gill sides with the reserved 2 tablespoons spice rub. Brush the Anaheim chile and bell peppers with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the mushrooms spiceside down on the grill. Put the peppers on the grill and cover the grill. Grill the mushrooms, turning once, until a knife inserted in the thickest part meets no resistance, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and tent with foil to keep warm. Grill the Anaheim chile and bell peppers, turning, until charred on all sides, 10 to 15 minutes the Anaheim will take a few minutes less than the bell peppers. Transfer the peppers and chile to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes.nFor the tortillas and toppings: While the peppers rest, warm the tortillas on the grill a few seconds on each side keep warm.nRemove the skins and seeds from the bell peppers and chile. Thinly slice the peppers, chile and mushrooms and combine in a bowl. Add the cilantro, olive oil, scallions, Fresno chiles, lime juice and salt and pepper.nFill the tortillas with the vegetable mixture and top with queso fresco and a squeeze of lime., ingredients: [14 cup ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chile de arbol or cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, Canola oil, for brushing vegetables, 1 large or 2 medium Anaheim chiles, 1 large yellow bell pepper, 1 large red bell pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 Fresno chile, finely diced, Juice of 1 lime, Eight 8inch flour tortillas, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Grilled Portobello and Rajas Salsa Taco with Queso Fresco, picturelink: null}, 37605: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat in a large pan with a cover. When the butter foams, add the drumsticks and season with salt and poultry seasoning. Shake the pan and brown the chicken on all sides. Cover the pan and reduce the heat a bit. Cook for 20 minutes to cook through. Remove the drumsticks to a platter and add the remaining butter to the pan to melt. Add the garlic and pepper, stir for 2 minutes, and then add the lemon zest and juice. Swirl to combine and pour over the drumsticks. Garnish with parsley and scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 8 large chicken drumsticks, Kosher salt, Poultry seasoning or ground thyme, 6 cloves garlic, grated or pasted, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 lemon, zested, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, to garnish, 14 cup finely chopped scallions or chives, to garnish], title: LemonPepper Drummers, picturelink: k.2RgWLe97x2I40YygzNVTZhytfkvyO}, 37606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the squash and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the water into the skillet and then cover and simmer over medium heat until the squash is tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly and then transfer the squash to a food processor. Add the amaretti cookies and blend until smooth. Season the squash puree, to taste, with more salt and pepper.nMelt the butter in a heavy mediumsize saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk for 1 minute. Gradually whisk in the milk. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, whisking often, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the nutmeg. Cool slightly. Transfer half of the sauce to a blender. Add the basil and blend until smooth. Return the basil sauce to the sauce in the pan and stir to blend. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, to taste.nPosition the rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nLightly butter a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Spread 34 cup of the sauce over the prepared baking dish. Arrange 3 lasagna noodles on the bottom of the pan. Spread 13 of the squash puree over the noodles. Sprinkle with 12 cup of mozzarella cheese. Drizzle 12 cup of sauce over the noodles. Repeat layering 3 more times.nTightly cover the baking dish with foil and bake the lasagna for 40 minutes. Sprinkle the remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses over the lasagna. Continue baking uncovered until the sauce bubbles and the top is golden, 15 minutes longer. Let the lasagna stand for 15 minutes before serving.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 1 12 to 2pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 3 amaretti cookies, crumbled, 14 cup butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 12 cups whole milk, Pinch nutmeg, 34 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 12 noboil lasagna noodles, 2 12 cups shredded wholemilk mozzarella cheese, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Butternut Squash Lasagna, picturelink: vrQIR8uXWaKmLPBJkwjo7oGNnh2svy}, 37607: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and cook until tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the corn to a platter and allow them to cool slightly. Using a serrated knife, remove the kernels from the corn. Divide the corn between 4 individual cups or small glasses. Put 1 tablespoon mayonnaise and 1 tablespoon butter in each glass. Sprinkle with cheese, chili powder, and salt. Serve with the lime wedges, if desired., ingredients: [4 ears sweet corn, husked and silks removed, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise or Mexican sour cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 6 tablespoons crumbled queso fresco or mild feta cheese, Ground chili powder, for sprinkling, Salt, for sprinkling, Lime wedges, for serving, optional], title: Creamy Corn Cups Esquites, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 37608: {instructions: Heat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nShake flour, cornstarch, Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning, and salt together in a plastic bag. Add shrimp to bag in small batches and shake to coat with flour mixture. Deepfry until golden brown.nRemove to paper toweling to drain and squeeze fresh lemon juice on top.nPlace into lobster rolls with shredded lettuce and tomato. Serve with your favorite seafood sauce., ingredients: [1 liter canola oil, or enough as needed to deepfry, 2 pounds 21 to 25 size shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornstarch, 3 tablespoons Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning, 1 to 2 teaspoons salt, 1 lemon, 12 lobster rolls with slit on top, 2 cups fresh lettuce such as red leaf or green leaf, rinsed and dried with a salad spinner and sliced julienne, 2 large ripe tomatoes, seeds removed and diced], title: Pitch and Putt Peppered Shrimp, picturelink: CaoT0lOmiFe7500783x1aPtSu2OQ.te}, 37609: {instructions: Wrap pitas in foil and warm in a low oven. Thinly slice the cooked lamb. In a small skillet over moderate heat bring the chicken stock to a boil, the reduce heat to low. Add the sliced lamb to reheat while keeping it moist.nTo a second skillet over moderate heat add oil, 1 turn of the pan, diced tomatoes and scallions. Heat tomatoes and onions through, 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper then turn off the burner.nCombine yogurt with cumin, coriander and mint.nTo assemble, remove meat from warm broth with tongs and shake off excess liquid. Arrange a few slices of lamb down the center of the pita. Top with a few spoonfuls each of tomatoes and scallions and the yogurt dressing., ingredients: [4 pita breads, 1 pound leftover roast leg of lamb, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 4 scallions, sliced thin on an angle, Salt and pepper, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 4 sprigs], title: Lamb Pitas with Tomato, Scallions and Mint Yogurt Dressing, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 37610: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the whole ears of corn into the oven do not shuck the corn and cook until the outside is charred and the inside feels soft when pressed, about 30 minutes. When it is cool enough to handle, pull out the silk and remove the husk. Cut the kernels off the cob and set aside.nIf using frozen okra, put it into a strainer and run it under cool water for a few minutes to thaw. Remove the stems from the okra and cut them into thirds. Heat 1 tablespoon each of butter and olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the onion until it begins to soften, then add the corn, okra, and thyme. Cook for 1 minute and set aside.nButter a 13inch by 9inch pan with 1 tablespoon butter. Bring the water to a boil in a large saucepan and add 1 teaspoon salt. Gradually sprinkle in the corn meal, whisking constantly to avoid lumps. When it is all incorporated, stir in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and the sauteed vegetables. Reduce the heat to low, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, to taste, and cook for 10 minutes stirring occasionally. Pour into the buttered dish and let cool.nSlice the cooled cornmeal into squares and serve. You can also fry the cornmeal squares for a few minutes in butter or olive oil to make them crisp on the outside and soft on the inside., ingredients: [2 ears whole corn, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups okra, frozen or fresh, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 6 cups water or chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups yellow corn meal, Freshly ground nutmeg], title: Cornmeal with Okra CouCou, picturelink: null}, 37611: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the pork in a bowl and sprinkle with the Chinese 5spice powder, salt and white pepper. Add the grated ginger, breadcrumbs, finely chopped scallions, egg yolk, grated garlic and a drizzle of sesame oil. Mix together and roll into small meatballs. Dress in vegetable oil and roast until brown and golden, 15 to 18 minutes.nHeat a drizzle of vegetable oil in a soup pot. Stir in the sliced ginger, sliced garlic and chile peppers, followed by the chicken stock, 2 cups water, the bok choy and soy sauce. Simmer to flavor, cooking until the bok choy is tendercrisp, and then combine with the meatballs.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta to al dente. Combine the pasta with the sauce and meatballs, and serve in shallow bowls garnished with sesame oil, the thinly sliced scallions and crispy fried onions or fried noodles., ingredients: [12 ounces ground pork, 1 teaspoon Chinese 5spice powder about 13 palmful, Salt and white pepper, 2 inches gingerroot, 1 inch grated and 1 inch sliced, Handful breadcrumbs, 4 to 6 thin scallions, 12 minced, 12 finely chopped, 1 egg yolk, beaten, 1 to 2 large cloves garlic, 12 grated and 12 sliced, Sesame oil, for drizzling, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, 1 to 2 red chiles depending on your preferred level of heat, seeded and sliced, 2 quarts chicken stock, 3 cups shredded baby bok choy, 14 cup soy sauce, About 12 pound spaghetti, Fried onions, such as Durkee, or Chinese fried noodles, for garnish], title: Chinese Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 37612: {instructions: Remove the meat from the lobsters, chopping any large chunks into bitesize pieces. In a bowl, combine the lobster meat, mayonnaise, lemon juice, celery, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.nBrush cut sides of the rolls with melted butter and fill with the lobster salad., ingredients: [4 1 12pound cooked lobsters or 4 lobster tails or 1 12 pounds lobster meat, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 inner celery stalks and leaves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 rolls, split and lightly toasted, Melted butter, for brushing], title: Lobster Rolls, picturelink: lL4CewUHDcDfRi67kw3zMX7Lq225OMW}, 37613: {instructions: Bring the bulgur and 1 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Reduce the heat to a low simmer, cover and cook until all the water is absorbed and the bulgur is tender and fluffy, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely.nPut the oil, lemon zest and juice, vinegar, honey, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small jar or container with a lid. Secure the lid, and shake to combine.nPut the romaine, tomatoes, bell peppers, parsley, scallions, mint and cooked bulgur in a large bowl. Add the vinaigrette, and toss. Season to taste with salt and pepper, ingredients: [12 cup cracked bulgur wheat, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head romaine, finely shredded, 2 plum tomatoes, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, 4 scallions, sliced, Small handful fresh mint leaves], title: Fattoushish Salad, picturelink: afChIgg8iEZOAPNrRwE15t50Ip4v.hC}, 37614: {instructions: Dipping decorations: granola, chopped nuts, sprinkles, jimmies, crushed cookies, and toasted coconutnLine a sheet pan with waxed paper. Cut 1inch off the end of each banana. Insert a popsicle stick into the cutend of each banana, pushing the stick halfway in, leaving the other end exposed for use as a handle. Place the bananas on the sheet pan and freeze 1 hour.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring occasionally.nArrange the dipping decorations on several flat plates. Working with 1 banana at a time, dip it in the chocolate and turn to completely coat spoon some on, if needed. Roll the dipped banana in the desired decorations, transfer to the sheet pan, and return to the freezer.nOnce frozen, store the bananas in an airtight container.nServing suggestion: To serve at a kids party, paint a hunk of styrofoam and stick the banana handles in the top, so they stand upright., ingredients: [8 medium bananas, peeled, 8 wooden popsicle sticks, 32 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped or chips, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: ChocolateDipped Frozen Bananas, picturelink: pzb0rKRifLWh9UQz5rV2QS8ptlAt9Hu}, 37615: {instructions: For the chicken breasts: In a large saucepan, heat the extravirgin olive oil and saute the onions for a minute, or until soft. Add the rosemary and chicken to the pan. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, and cook for a few minutes on each side, or until it is fully cooked and starts to brown. Finish cooking the chicken by adding the wine at the very end to deglaze the pan.nFor the Zucca sauce: In a large saucepan, heat the extravirgin olive oil and saute the onions for a minute, or until soft. Add the butternut squash, and cook for 5 minutes, or until tender. Add the vegetable stock, and salt and pepper, to taste, and let reduce. Stir in the gorgonzola cheese until it is fully melted in the sauce.nTransfer the chicken breasts to a warm plate, generously spooning the zucca sauce all over. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small white onion, chopped, Sprig of fresh rosemary, 4 6ounce boneless and skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small white onion, chopped, 2 cups butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 cup vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces gorgonzola, shredded], title: Pollo con Zucca e Gorgonzola: Chicken with Squash and Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 37616: {instructions: Pour all ingredients over ice in a Collins glass. Garnish with orange wedgenPour into a shaker glass shake. Pour into a tall glassnPour ingredients into a shaker glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with a wedge of lemon., ingredients: [Splash B  B, 1 ounce gin, 1 ounce cherry brandy, 12 ounce lime juice, 4 ounces club soda, 2 ounces Jamaican rum, 1 ounce Tiamaria, 1 ounce strong coffee, 12 ounce cold milk or cream, 1ounce club soda, 2 ounces Campari, 2 ounces vodka], title: Island Drinks, picturelink: null}, 37617: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: applewood chips, soaked for 1 hournMix salt, black pepper, brown sugar, thyme, onion powder and cayenne together in a small bowl. Rub pork chops with the spice mixture. Wrap and place in refrigerator for a few hours.nSet up your grillsmoker for indirect heat at 275 degrees F., using charcoal and add a handful of the soaked apple wood chips onto the coals.nPlace pork chops on the grill. Close grill and maintain a temperature of 275 degrees F, adding more charcoal and chips, as necessary. Let smoke for 1 hour and 10 minutes, until the pork chops are firm to the touch. Transfer to serving plates and serve with the BBQ sauce.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, add the apple cider and brown sugar and stir to combine. Allow to reduce for 25 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, pour in the BBQ sauce and stir well. Once sauce has warmed, turn off the heat. Add buttermilk and stir to incorporate. Serve over pork chops., ingredients: [4 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons ground thyme, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 4 center cut, bonein pork chops, 1 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, or storebought BBQ sauce, 1 tablespoon buttermilk], title: Pats Smoked Pork Chops, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 37618: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Prick each yam with a fork in a few spots and arrange on a baking sheet. Bake until soft, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil, grapeseed oil, whole garlic cloves and saffron in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat until the garlic is soft, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Remove the cooked garlic with a slotted spoon and transfer to a cutting board reserve the infused oil. Using the flat side of a chefs knife, mash the garlic with a pinch of salt until smooth set aside.nMake the aioli: Put the egg yolks, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring a few inches of water to a bare simmer in a medium saucepan, then turn off the heat. Set the bowl with the egg yolks over the saucepan do not let the bowl touch the water whisk just until the egg mixture thickens slightly, 30 seconds to 1 minute, then remove the bowl from the saucepan. Using a hand mixer or a whisk, gradually beat in the saffroninfused oil in a slow, steady stream until the aioli is thick and creamy. If it gets too thick, beat in 1 to 2 teaspoons water. Mix in the mashed cooked garlic, grated fresh garlic and 14 teaspoon salt. Cover and refrigerate.nRemove the yams from the oven and let cool slightly. Split open and fluff the insides with a fork. Thin the aioli with water, if desired, and spoon onto the yams. Sprinkle with parsley.nPhotograph by Gentl and Hyers, ingredients: [6 garnet yams or other sweet potatoes about 8 ounces each, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup grapeseed oil or vegetable oil, 2 whole cloves garlic, plus 12 small clove, finely grated, Pinch of saffron threads, crushed, Kosher salt, 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, Juice of 12 lemon, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping optional], title: Baked Yams With Saffron Aioli, picturelink: lZLJlqm30bOld0wIlYCQKMQRF8SaRm}, 37619: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk mascarpone cheese to loosen. Add half of a container of whipped topping, almond extract, salt and lemon zest. Stir to combine.nFill each sponge cake with cheese mixture. In a small saucepan over high heat, combine reserved apricot syrup and brandy, reduce until thick. Add apricot halves. Spoon apricot mixture over each sponge cake. Garnish with remaining whipped topping and toasted almond slivers.nNOTE: If sponge cakes are not available, use sliced pound cake., ingredients: [1 8ounce package mascarpone cheese, 1 8ounce container extracreamy whipped topping, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 package individual dessert sponge cakes, 1 can apricot halves in heavy syrup, syrup reserved, 2 tablespoons brandy, Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish], title: Shortcake with Mascarpone and Brandied Apricots, picturelink: HjY9DYhUh31AYfy0rE99Orc8FRmD3pS}, 37620: {instructions: Toppings: Refried beans, crumbled chorizo, shredded monterey jack, hot sauce and pickled jalapenosnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 20 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: TexMex Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 37621: {instructions: In a medium bowl, beat together the heavy cream with the sugar until soft peaks form. In another small bowl, mix together the chocolate chunks with the chocolate syrup.nTo assemble the nachos, layer 1 bag of apple chips on a serving platter. Top with half of the toppings: the Peanut Butter Sauce, granola, strawberries, whipped cream and chocolate chunk sauce. Sprinkle with half of the cinnamon. Add a second layer of apple chips and top with the remaining toppings. Sprinkle with the chopped mint and serve immediately.nPut the peanut butter, coconut oil, confectioners sugar and sea salt in a blender or food processor and process until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup chocolate chunks or chopped chocolate, 14 cup chocolate syrup, Two 2 12ounce bags apple chips, 14 cup Peanut Butter Sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup granola, 13 cup diced strawberries, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 14 cup coconut oil, melted slightly until liquid, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon sea salt], title: Apple Chip Nachos, picturelink: rZHFAbuLDZLEuq6N3BEkLsH5C4itte}, 37622: {instructions: In a stockpot or pasta pot, bring about 2 gallons of water to a boil with a palmful of salt and a splash of oil.nMeanwhile, set a large frying pan over high heat, then coat the bottom of the pan with oil. Add the onions with a pinch of salt and cook, working in batches if necessary, until browned, about 2 minutes. Return all the onions to the pan, then turn the heat to mediumlow and cover. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the onions have turned a deep golden color, about 20 minutes.nPeel the potatoes and cut into 1inch chunks. When the water has come to a full boil, add the potatoes. Cook, uncovered, until easily pierced with a fork, about 15 minutes. Drain and return to the pot.nUsing a potato masher or large whisk, begin to break down the potatoes. Add the sour cream, milk and butter and continue to mash until the desired consistency is reached. Season to taste with salt. Add the caramelized onions and chopped chives and mix well. Place in a large serving bowl and cover with foil to keep warm. Sprinkle with additional chives and crushed potato chips right before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Olive or canola oil, for boiling potatoes and cooking onions, 4 large onions, chopped, 4 pounds russet potatoes, One 15ounce container sour cream, 12 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish, One 15ounce bag wavy potato chips, crushed], title: Sour Cream and Onion Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 37623: {instructions: Put the potatoes, carrots, zucchini, artichoke hearts, leeks, tomatoes, turnip and celery in a large pot. Add the bouillon cube, olive oil and some salt and pepper. Cover with water. Bring to a boil and simmer until all the vegetables are tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Put the mixture through a food mill or blend with an immersion blender. Reheat to serve., ingredients: [1 pound500 g potatoes, peeled and chopped, 8 ounces250 g carrots, peeled, 8 ounces250 g zucchini, chopped, 2 artichoke hearts, 2 leeks, trimmed and washed, 2 small tomatoes, chopped, 1 turnip not rutabaga, 12 stalk celery, chopped, 1 cube chicken or vegetable bouillon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tizza Soup, picturelink: null}, 37624: {instructions: Wash the chicken and pat dry with a paper towel. In a shallow dish, combine the chicken and the teriyaki sauce. Cover the dish and let marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours, or up to overnight. Add the olive oil to a large skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Cook the chicken on each side for about 3 minutes. Split the chicken breast with a fillet knife about 34 through the center. Place the inside of each breast down into the pan. Place a slice of cheese on top of each chicken breast and cook for 3 minutes or until chicken is fully cooked through.nToast the buns in the skillet or a toaster. Coat each bun with the Secret Sauce. Stack the lettuce, sliced tomato, and onion on the bottom buns. Add the chicken and top buns and serve immediately.nSecret Sauce:nKetchupnMayonnaisenCombine the ketchup and mayonnaise, to taste, in a small bowl. The sauce should be not too pink and not too red., ingredients: [4 whole chicken breasts, boned, 2 cups teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 slices Monterey jack, 4 sesame seed hamburger buns, Secret Sauce, recipe follows, 4 leaves lettuce, 1 tomato, sliced, 1 yellow onion, sliced], title: Fowl Burger, picturelink: null}, 37625: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd simple syrup to a blender. Add remaining ingredients and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and garnish with lemon.nFor the syrup:nBring water to a low simmer and stir until sugar dissolves.nAdd ginger and mint and allow to steep for 20 minutes. Strain and chill., ingredients: [1 cup gingerlemon simple syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup vodka, 1 cup lemon juice, 4 cups ice, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 4inch chunk ginger, 2 sprigs mint], title: Frozen Ginger Lemon Drops, picturelink: VxAqNjrz.l6A3j7j1d7cI9R4nXjqwq}, 37626: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and butter and flour 9 12cup muffin cups just butter if nonstick.nBeat together butter, sugar, and zest until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time. Beat in cream, then flour and salt, on low speed until just combined. Stir in 12 cup coconut and gently stir in blueberries. Spoon batter into cups and smooth tops. Sprinkle tops with remaining 3 tablespoons coconut. Bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out clean and edges are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Invert onto a rack and cool., ingredients: [4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lime zest, 2 large eggs, 5 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons sweetened flaked coconut, 12 cup blueberries], title: Mini BlueberryCoconut Pound Cakes, picturelink: null}, 37627: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Beat egg and water in bowl.n2. Unfold pastry on lightly floured surface. Roll into 14 square. Place cheese in center. Fold pastry up over cheese to cover. Trim excess pastry and press to seal. Brush seam with egg mixture. Place seamside down onto baking sheet. Brush with egg mixture.n3. Bake for 25 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown. Let stand for 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 tbsp. water, 12 of 17.3oz. pkg. Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 8 ounces Brie cheese round], title: Puff Pastry Wrapped Brie, picturelink: null}, 37628: {instructions: Preheat a casserole type of large pan. Place the fat piece to oil the pan.nWhen the fat melts, place slices of wagyu beef to sear them lightly.nAdd mirin, sake, soy sauce and sugar.nAdd tofu, Nappa cabbage, shiitake mushrooms, and scallion.nPour in half of the dashi. When dashi boils, add enoki mushrooms and chrysanthemum leaves.nWhen the leaves wilt, it is ready to serve.n In Japan sukiyaki is cooked on the dining table, and each person uses chopsticks to pick up the ingredients from the pan as they are cooked. Therefore, all the ingredients are not put into the pan at once, but little by little., ingredients: [1 piece of Wagyu fat, 12 oz of Saga wagyu beef thinly sliced, 12 cup mirin, 12 cup sake, 13 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 8 oz firm tofu diced 1 X 1, 2 cups Nappa cabbage, cut into 1 pieces, 12 fresh shiitake mushrooms, 1 Tokyo scallion, or scallion, cut 1 12 long, 1 cup Dashi, 1 bunch Enoki mushrooms, 2 bunches chrysanthemum leaves, or water cress, 1 pack of yam noodles shirataki drained and rinsed, or substitute beannoodles], title: Saga Wagyu Sukiyaki, picturelink: null}, 37629: {instructions: Roast the yellow and red bell peppers directly on the flame of a stovetop until the skins char. Remove from the heat and seal in a container to cool. When cool, peel the peppers under cold running water and slice into thin strips.nCut the lardo into small sticks and saute in a large skillet over medium heat. Slowly increase the heat in order to get the lard crispy. Once the lard is crispy, remove from the skillet and reserve. Discard half the melted fat in the skillet. Using the remaining fat, saute the garlic and chili pepper until lightly browned. Add the bell peppers and saute for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water about 5 quarts to a boil. Add the fresh squid ink spaghetti and cook according to the package directions.nWhen the bell pepper, garlic and chili mixture has cooked, add the shrimp and calamari and saute everything together until cooked, a few minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the cooked squid ink spaghetti to the skillet and toss together until creamy. Serve topped with the crispy lard and grated salted ricotta., ingredients: [1 red bell peppers, 1 yellow bell pepper, 3 ounces lardo, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 fresh chili pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces fresh squid ink spaghetti or dried if fresh is not available, 9 ounces fresh shrimp, peeled, 6 ounces fresh calamari, sliced, 2 ounces salted ricotta, grated], title: Squid Ink Spaghetti with Bell Pepper, Calamari, Shrimp, Ricotta and Colonnata Lard, picturelink: null}, 37630: {instructions: Mix flours, baking powder, and salt, and add the warm water. You may need a little more warm water to make moist, smooth dough.nTraditional sopes forming method: Make balls the size of a walnut, a few at a time, and keep the dough in a plastic bag to prevent it from drying out. Moisten a cloth napkin or tea towel and spread out on a flat surface. Roll each ball of dough in moistened palm of you hand until smooth, lay on the damp towel, cover with a plastic bag, and press down with your hand to flatten to the size of a silver dollar. To shape the patty, flatten again with a small can or flatbottomed glass into a perfectly smooth circle 2 to 2 12 inches in diameter. It should be about 14inch thick. Peel the plastic bag off the top, then lay the tortilla in your hand and peel off the damp cloth. Smooth any rough edges with your fingers and the tortilla is ready to fry.nQuick sopes forming method: On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to 14 inch thick. Using a 2inch round cookie cutter, cut out sopes. Reroll unused dough.nHeat a cast iron skillet and add enough canola oil to coat the bottom of the pan. When hot, slide the patties into the hot oil and fry until they are a light golden brown and slightly crisp on top, about 1 minute on each side. Drain on paper towels and make a slit on the side as soon as they have cooled enough to handle. Fill with chorizo and potatoes filling. These do not keep well they must be eaten immediately.nBegin by cooking potatoes in a pot of water, when tender remove and set aside. In a large saute pan add a little oil. While shaking, add chorizo and cook for 4 minutes. When crispy, add garlic, onion, and all the peppers. Cook for 8 minutes. At that point, add the chicken stock and cook for 3 more minutes. Then add the potatoes, cilantro, and scallions cook for 3 minutes more and season with salt and pepper to taste. Use for stuffing sopes., ingredients: [2 cups instant corn flour masa harina, 4 tablespoons all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups warm water, Canola oil, for frying, Chorizo and Potato Filling, recipe follows, 4 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and diced, 1 pound Spanish chorizo, diced small, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 poblano pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 1 scallion, chopped], title: CornFlour Patties Sopes, picturelink: null}, 37631: {instructions: Brush the apricot halves with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on a hot grill and lightly mark the apricots. When warm, pull from the grill and place on a warm plate. Drape the prosciutto over the fruit and lay 5 pieces of the cheese over. Drizzle the fruit with olive oil and serve., ingredients: [8 apricots, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 paperthin slices San Daniele prosciutto, 5 thinly shaved pieces Kasseri], title: Grilled Apricots: Verikoko Steen Skara, picturelink: null}, 37632: {instructions: In a small skillet, combine the garlic cloves and the oil. Over a low heat, caramelize the garlic until browned and soft, about 20 minutes.nTransfer garlic cloves to a blender or food processor. Add the vinegar and mustard. Blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly pour in the reserved garlic oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nChop the lettuce into bitesized pieces and put in a large salad bowl. Pour the dressing over the lettuce and toss to coat. Sprinkle some grated cheese on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 gloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 hearts Romaine lettuce, Grated romano or ParmigianoReggiano], title: Romaine with PanRoasted Garlic Dressing, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 37633: {instructions: Make the soup: Combine the bacon, onion, garlic, tomato paste, smoked paprika, Creole seasoning and chili powder in a food processor pulse to make a coarse paste.nHeat the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Add the baconspice paste and cook, stirring occasionally, until dark brown, about 6 minutes. Add the ribs, turning to coat. Stir in the vinegar and molasses, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot.nStir in the tomatoes, chicken broth and 2 cups water. Cover and bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and gently simmer, stirring once or twice, until the ribs are tender, 2 hours to 2 12 hours.nTransfer the ribs to a cutting board and shred the meat discard the fat and bones. Position the pot halfway off the burner and increase the heat to medium. The fat will migrate to the cooler side use a ladle to skim it off. Reposition the pot over the burner and add the shredded pork and the beans. Cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the bread: Spread each slice evenly with the butter and relish. Top with the scallions and parsley. Ladle the soup into bowls and serve with the bread.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [For the soup:, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 pounds bonein countrystyle pork ribs, trimmed of excess fat, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 14ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15ounce can great Northern beans, drained and rinsed, For the bread:, 6 thick slices white bread, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 4 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Pulled Pork Soup, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 37634: {instructions: Split ground beef in half making two 1pound patties. Place both patties on grill and cook through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add cheese during last 5 minutes of cooking. Place finished burgers on a regular sized bun., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 6 slices American cheese, Salt, Pepper, 2 hamburger buns], title: The Coffee Burger, picturelink: null}, 37635: {instructions: SET UP: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBROWN THE CHORIZO AND ONION: Cook the chorizo until browned in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a 3quart baking dish, leaving the fat in the skillet. Saute the onion in the pan drippings until golden, about 6 minutes. Stir in the beans, then transfer to the baking dish.nASSEMBLE AND BAKE: Beat the eggs, heavy cream, and sour cream with 34 teaspoon salt and a couple turns of pepper. Gently pour the eggs over the meat and beans. Press the chips into the mixture so they stand up. Sprinkle with the Cheddar and bake until the eggs are just set, about 45 minutes. Sprinkle with the cilantro and serve with salsa., ingredients: [1 pound fresh chorizo sausage, casings removed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 15ounce can pinto beans, rinsed and drained, 8 large eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups tortilla chips about 30, 2 cups shredded Cheddar about 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, Jarred salsa, for serving], title: Nacho Bake, picturelink: yz51BJr6cF9M4MbBbTFZi1L6uO7SsnG}, 37636: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer beat together the egg yolks and 13 cup sugar until the yolks lighten in color and the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the milk, cream, bourbon, rum, and nutmeg and stir to combine.nPlace the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat to soft peaks. With the mixer still running gradually add the 1 tablespoon of sugar and beat until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the egg whites into the mixture. Chill and serve., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pint whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 14 ounces bourbon, 1 14 ounces dark rum, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 egg whites], title: Eggnog, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 37637: {instructions: Flatten the butterflied shrimp with the blade of a knife and fan out on a baking sheet. Sprinkle a little salt over the shrimp and separate the layers of fanned out shrimp by using waxed paper. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine cake flour, katakuriko, and baking powder and mix well. Set aside.nInto a 2 cup measure, combine eggs, salt, sugar, and ajinomoto. Add several ice cubes to the mixture and fill with cold water to equal 2 cups volume of chilled egg mixture. Stir slightly, but dont melt all of the ice cubes yet.nPour the iced egg mixture into the flour mixture and stir slightly until lumps of undissolved flour mixture remain in batter.nPlace a frying pan over medium high heat. Fill frying pan with 1inch of oil and heat. Grab a fistful of the batter and clench fist over frying pan. Rotate clenched fist over the hot oil to create a bed of laced, flaky batter in the hot oil. The bed of laced batter must be thick enough to lay the fanned shrimp on. Once the batter is cooked, about 1 to 2 minutes, and the batter is flaky and crispy, place the fanned shrimp meat on the crispy bed of batter. The shrimp should not sink through the bed of batter, but remain atop it as it deepfries.nUsing a chopstick, break up the bed of flaky batter so that you can individually flip the shrimp in the frying pan so that the shrimp is below the batter in the oil. Cook until the shrimp are cooked through, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds large shrimp, shelled, cleaned and butterflied, Kosher salt, 2 cups cake flour, 1 cup katakuriko or cornstarch, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ajinomoto, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Aunties Flaky Tempura Batter, picturelink: null}, 37638: {instructions: Cut the fish into 1 12inch chunks. Reserve 1 fillet and refrigerate for the online Round 2 Recipe, Ceviche.nTo make the batter, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk in enough water, about 1 to 1 12 cups, until the mixture is the consistency of pancake batter.nHeat the oil in a deep skillet over medium heat to 360 degrees F.nWhen the oil is hot, working in batches, dip the fish pieces into the batter and carefully add them to the hot oil. Cook the fish until golden brown on both sides and the fish is cooked through, about 4 to 6 minutes total. Remove from the pan and drain on to a sheet tray lined with a paper bag or paper towels.nTo make the sauce, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, hot sauce, lime juice, garlic, and 2 tablespoons cilantro in a small bowl. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nWrap the tortillas in a damp towel and microwave on medium for 1 minute to warm. Put about 14 cup of the shredded cabbage on each tortilla. Put 3 pieces of the fried fish on top of the cabbage, then top with some sauce. Arrange the tacos on a serving platter and garnish with a sprinkle of cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 pounds tilapia fillets, about 5, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Kosher salt, 1 to 1 12 cups water, 3 cups canola oil, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, divided, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 12 head green cabbage, shredded reserve remaining half for Round 2 Recipe, Bean and Cheese Chalupas], title: Crispy Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 37639: {instructions: For the Marinade: In a blender, combine the ginger with the water and blend until smooth, add a little more water as needed to blend. Strain the mixture through a fine strainer to extract the ginger juice and discard the rest. Marinate the chicken with the juice and place in the refrigerator.nFor the paste: Blend all the ingredients in a blender until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes.nHeat oil in large saute pan or small wok over medium high heat. Add paste and stir to render for about 20 seconds. Add coconut milk, salt, sugar, and fish sauce and stir to cook for 2 minutes.nAdd sliced chicken and stir to mix well and cook for 2 minutes longer. Add the green beans and hot chiliflakes and cook until the chicken is thoroughly cooked. Serve with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 14 cup water, 1 12 pounds boneless chicken breast, cut on the diagonal into 14inch thick slices, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 12 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon galangal, peeled and coarsely chopped, 3 dried New Mexico chiles, soaked, seeded and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 large shallots coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons shrimp paste, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons oil, soybean or other vegetable, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 12 pound green beans trimmed, quickly blanched and halved, 1 12 teaspoons hot chile flakes], title: Poulet Pochani, picturelink: null}, 37640: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the thyme, fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a mini food processor and process until ground. Pour the olive oil into a small glass measuring cup, stir in the herb mixture, and set aside.nDistribute the lemon slices in a 12inch cast iron skillet and distribute the onion and garlic on top. Place the chicken, skin side down, on top of the onion and brush with about half the oil and herb mixture. Turn the chicken skin side up, pat it dry with paper towels very important, and brush it all over with the rest of the oil and herb mixture.nRoast the chicken for 30 minutes. Pour the wine into the pan not on the chicken and roast for another 10 to15 minutes, until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 155 to 160 degrees.nRemove the chicken from the oven, sprinkle it with the lemon juice, cover the skillet tightly with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Cut the chicken in quarters or eighths, sprinkle with salt, and serve hot with the pan juices, cooked lemon, and onion., ingredients: [2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon whole fennel seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup good olive oil, 1 lemon, halved and sliced 14 inch thick, 1 yellow onion, halved and sliced 14 inch thick, 2 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 4pound chicken, backbone removed and butterflied, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, Juice of 1 lemon], title: SkilletRoasted Lemon Chicken, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 37641: {instructions: In a medium salad bowl, mix together the mushrooms and parsley.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the oil mixture to the salad bowl and toss until all the ingredients are coated. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan on top and serve., ingredients: [1 pound large button mushrooms, trimmed, cleaned and thinly sliced, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2ounce piece Parmesan, Serving suggestion: assorted French cheeses and Poilane Bakerystyle breads.], title: Fresh Mushroom and Parsley Salad, picturelink: 7Q8JW9Ws.ZxoPffTxOCDAnPU9CHAzu}, 37642: {instructions: Cut the nori in half lengthwise. Place one half on the rolling mat. Wet fingers and palms with rice vinegar and place about 12 cup rice on nori, spreading it evenly and flat, and leaving a blank strip at the top of the nori about 12inch wide. Optional: Smear a line of wasabi evenly across the rice a little below the center. Place fillings of choice evenly across the rice a little below the center or on the line of wasabi. Lift the end of the mat closest to you, and press down on the rolling mat to stabilize. Roll the mat almost one complete turn, making sure it does not become part of the roll and that the nori goes under the rice. Roll in the shape of a cylinder.nCut each roll into 4 or 6 equal slices, dampening the cutting knife between each slice by running it across a cloth dampened with rice vinegar.nRinse rice in water until the water runs clear and then drain in a colander for 1 hour. Place the drained rice in a rice cooker or in a pot with a tightfitting lid and add 4 cups water. Over medium heat, cover and bring the water to a boil. Boil for about 2 minutes, reduce heat and allow to simmer for another 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes, or until water has been absorbed. Remove from the heat, remove lid, and place a towel over pot. Replace lid and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the rice cooks, combine vinegar, sugar and remaining 14 cup water in a saucepan. Heat over low temperatures, stirring, until sugar and salt dissolve. Let cool.nEmpty rice into a hangiri or other nonmetallic tub and spread it evenly over the bottom with a shamoji or large wooden spoon. Run the spatula through the rice in slicing motions to separate the grains. While doing this, slowly add vinegar mixture. Add only as much as is necessary the rice should not be mushy. If you have help, fan the rice with an uchiwa fan during the cooling and mixing procedures.nDo not refrigerate the rice. Keep it in the tub covered with a clean cloth until ready to use. The rice will last one day., ingredients: [Sushi Rice, Nori, Avocado, Carrot, Eggplant grilled Japanese, Tofu made crisp by frying, Tomato, Cucumber Chinesewithout seeds, or regular is also ok, Asparagus, Aburage inari tofu skins, Wilted spinach, Bell peppers, julienned, Scallions, julienned, Snow peas, julienned, Black sesame seeds, White sesame seeds, Black sesame seedssalt combination, 3 13 cups short grain rice, 4 cups water, plus 14 cup water, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 3 teaspoons salt], title: Basic Thin Rolls HosoMaki, picturelink: null}, 37643: {instructions: Soak the tapioca in warm water to cover for 1 hour. Drain and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly butter a 12inch oval or gratin baking dish and place it in a large brownie pan.nMix the tapioca, soy milk, sugar, and salt in a heavy nonaluminum saucepan. Bring the soy milk to a boil over medium heat while whisking. Lower the heat and let the mixture simmer 10 minutes, whisking occasionally. Remove from the heat and quickly whisk in the egg yolks, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and nutmeg.nIn another bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar until just stiff. Whisk 12 a cupful into the tapioca, then fold the remaining in. Pour the tapioca mixture into the prepared baking dish.nPlace the baking dish and brownie pan in the middle shelf of the oven and pour several inches of boiling water around the outside. Bake about 35 minutes, until the top is puffed and golden. The inside will still be a little soft. Remove, cool slightly, and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup small pearl tapioca if unavailable, use large pearl tapioca, 4 cups soy milk, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: TwoSpice Vanilla Tapioca Pudding, picturelink: null}, 37644: {instructions: For the cheesecake: Line a medium about 8inches wide sieve, fine strainer or colander with a double layer of damp cheesecloth and set over a bowl.nBeat the cream cheese in a large bowl with a handheld mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar, lime zest and juice, and vanilla. Beat until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl and beaters as needed.nIn another bowl, beat the cream just until it holds a stiff peak. Stir about 13 of the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture to lighten the cream cheese. Gradually fold in the remaining whipped cream to make a light mousse. Transfer mixture into the lined sieve and fold the cheesecloth over top and press gently. Cover and refrigerate to drain for at least 4 hours or up to 3 days.nJust before serving, prepare the berries: Cook about half of the blueberries in a small skillet with the water and sugar, over medium heat until the berries get juicy, about 8 minutes. Toss all the berries together in a large bowl, along with a squeeze of fresh lime juice.nUnwrap the cheesecake and invert onto a platter. Discard the cheesecloth. Use a large ladle or spoon to press a well in the center of the cake. Spoon the berries into the well and drizzle the juices over the top or serve on the side. Serve a scoop of summer cheesecake with some of the fresh berries., ingredients: [1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Zest of 1 lime about 1 teaspoon, Juice of 2 limes about 13 cup,, 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste or vanilla extract, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup halved or sliced fresh strawberries, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 12 lime], title: Fresh Cream Cheesecake with Summer Berries, picturelink: J1z7g.lRrpcBclfJAaUZSqiBZzmhC}, 37645: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 muffintop pans, each with 6 4 by 12inch muffintop cups 12 cup capacity or regular muffin pans Muffin top pans are available at cookware shops and cooking.com.nTo make the batter: Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Generously butter muffin pans. Melt butter in a small saucepan over moderately low heat, then remove from heat. Whisk in milk, then whisk in whole egg, yolk, and vanilla until combined well. Whisk together flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a bowl, then add milk mixture and stir until just combined. Fold in blueberries gently but thoroughly. Divide batter among 12 muffin cups, spreading evenly. To make the topping and bake muffins: Rub together all topping ingredients in a bowl with your fingertips until crumbly, then sprinkle evenly over batter in cups. Bake until golden and crisp and a wooden pick or skewer inserted diagonally into center of a muffin comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool in pans on a rack 15 minutes, then run a knife around edge of each muffin top and carefully remove from cups. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup whole milk, 1 whole large egg, 1 large yolk, 34 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups fresh blueberries 12 ounces, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 12 tablespoons sugar], title: Blueberry Muffin Tops, picturelink: null}, 37646: {instructions: For the pork: Melt the lard in a large pot over medium heat. Squeeze the juice from the citrus fruits into the lard along with the skins. Add the pork shoulder, bay leaf, onions and salt. Turn the heat down to mediumlow, cover the pot and cook the pork, about 1 hour and 45 minutes.nIn the meantime, for the pickled vegetables: In a nonreactive pot, bring the vinegar, chiles de arbol, salt and peppercorns to a boil. Take off the heat and add the green beans, wax beans, carrots, corn, garlic and jalapenos. Chill in the refrigerator to cool down, at least 1 hour. Will hold in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nFor the cactus salad: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and grill the cactus paddles until soft and charred, about 10 minutes. Remove the paddles and set aside. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and grill the scallions until just cooked, about 3 minutes. After the cactus and scallions have cooled, dice them up and mix with the tomatoes, chile and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper and reserve.nAfter the pork has been cooking and is soft, turn the heat up to mediumhigh and add the cola. Cook until the pork caramelizes, 15 to 20 minutes.nTo assemble the carnitas, strain a spoonful of the pork from the fat and serve on a warm corn tortilla. Garnish with the pickled vegetables, the cactus salad and lime wedges., ingredients: [6 pounds lard, 2 lemons, halved, 2 limes, halved, 2 oranges, halved, 3 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 bay leaf, 1 yellow onion, quartered, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 bottle Mexican cola, 1 quart white vinegar, 2 chiles de arbol, 3 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon mixed color whole peppercorns, 6 green beans, trimmed, 6 yellow wax beans, trimmed, 6 baby carrots, peeled, 6 baby ears of corn, 6 cloves garlic, 6 jalapenos, 4 tablespoon olive oil, divided, 2 cactus paddles, trimmed, 3 scallions, 2 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 serrano chile, minced, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Corn tortillas, Limes, cut into wedges], title: Carnitas with Spicy Pickled Vegetables and Cactus Salad, picturelink: 20MEj8ySSlHN1LLyJM4u0Rr1Epn.pu}, 37647: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Place quartered tomatillos on a cookie sheet and roast for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make filling: heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add onions and saute until translucent, then add garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add chicken, chilies, cumin, and coriander and saute for 2 minutes. Add beer and bring to a simmer cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Set aside and let flavors meld.nTo finish the sauce, remove the tomatillos from the broiler and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the roasted tomatillos into a blender with the cilantro, green chilies, and egg substitute and pulse until chunky.nFill a saute pan about halfway with water and bring to a simmer. Using tongs, dip the tortillas, 1 at a time, into the water quickly. It should be a quick dunk, which will make the tortillas malleable and easy to roll. Roll 12 cup of the filling into each tortilla and place in a casserole dish. Repeat for remaining tortillas and filling.nPour sauce over rolled tortillas and bake for 20 minutes. Remove from oven and top with shredded cheeses. Return to oven for 10 minutes or until cheese is melted. Remove from heat, top each serving with 1 teaspoon sour cream, and serve., ingredients: [6 tomatillos, quartered, or 1 11ounce can tomatillos, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 4.5ounce can chopped green chilies, 14 cup egg substitute, or 2 egg whites and 1 whole egg, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, diced, 2 4.5ounce cans chopped green chilies, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 34 cup Mexican beer, 6 6inch corn tortillas, 34 cup shredded reducedfat sharp Cheddar, 12 cup reducedfat shredded Monterey Jack, 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream, for garnish], title: Chicken Enchilada Verde, picturelink: null}, 37648: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saute pan. Add the onions and cook 2 minutes, then add the bacon and continue cooking until done. Add the peas and stock. Season. Cover and cook until the peas are almost tender. Add the lettuce and stir through. Cover 1 minute to wilt. Check the seasonings, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 16 pearl onions, peeled and halved, 4 slices bacon, cut into lardons, 1 pound2 kg2 cups shelled fresh peas, 12 cup125 ml chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bib lettuce, cored and sliced], title: Petits Pois a la Francaise, picturelink: null}, 37649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine an 8by8inch square baking pan with aluminum foil. Spray the foil with cooking spray.nIn a medium saucepan over low heat, combine the chocolate chips and sweetened condensed milk and stir until its all melted and smooth. Pour it into the prepared pan and spread to even out the surface. Sprinkle on the crushed candies. Refrigerate for 2 hours.nLift the foil out of the pan and peel off the fudge. Cut into small squares., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for spraying foil, 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, Red peppermint candies, crushed, for topping], title: Quick and Easy Peppermint Fudge, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 37650: {instructions: Bring 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup mini marshmallows and 1 tablespoon water to a boil in a large pot over medium heat, stirring. Add 12 teaspoon almond extract and a pinch of salt. Remove from the heat using a rubber spatula, stir in 12 cups popcorn until coated. Butter your hands, then shape into balls and roll in toasted shredded coconut.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: CoconutAlmond Popcorn Balls, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 37651: {instructions: Prepare the pastry shells according to the package directions.nHeat the oil in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until tender.nStir the soup, milk and peas and carrots in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Add the chicken and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Spoon the chicken mixture into the pastry shells., ingredients: [1 package 10 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Shells, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular, 98 Fat Free or Healthy Requestu00ae, 12 cup milk, 1 package 10 ounces frozen peas and carrots, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken or turkey], title: Chicken Pot Pie in a Shell, picturelink: null}, 37652: {instructions: Season oysters with salt and pepper on both sides. Place cornmeal in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dredge each oyster into the cornmeal and tap off any excess.nHeat 1 inch of oil in a large cast iron skillet until smoking. Fry oysters in batches until golden brown on both sides, about 1 minutes on each side.nServe with the Red Chile VinegarBlack Pepper Dipping Sauce on the side.nBring the vinegar to a boil in medium nonreactive saucepan. Add the chilies, turn off the heat and let steep for 1 hour. Strain into a clean saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and whisk in the honey and pepper and season with salt, to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [28 shucked oysters, patted dry, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, Vegetable or peanut oil, Red Chile VinegarBlack Pepper Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups white wine vinegar, 2 ancho chile peppers, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon coarse black pepper, Salt], title: CrispFried Oysters with Red Chile VinegarBlack Pepper Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37653: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large highsided saute pan over low heat. Add the garlic and cook until just starting to soften, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to medium add the escarole and cook until just wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the white wine, 12 cup water, the cannellini beans with the liquid from the can and a large pinch of salt. Bring to a strong boil over mediumhigh heat and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the rosemary and cook until there is only a light coating of liquid at the bottom of the pan, about 5 more minutes. Turn off the heat and let cool at least 15 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor and blend until smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed the mixture should look similar to the texture of spinach dip. Spoon into a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely chilled, about 2 hours.nBefore serving, season the dip with lemon juice and more salt to taste. Drizzle with olive oil. Serve with crackers andor crudites.nPhotograph by Tara Donne, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 cloves garlic, very thinly sliced, 1 medium head escarole about 12 ounces, handtorn into large pieces, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans do not drain, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, Crackers andor crudites, for serving], title: Creamy Escarole and White Bean Dip, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 37654: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMassage the turkey breast with the Hot Times Rub, making sure to get it over and under the skin without tearing. Place the breast in a plastic bag and refrigerate overnight.nPrepare the smoker for barbecuing, bringing the temperature to 200 to 220 degrees F. Remove the turkey breast from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature for about 30 minutes. Cut a 3foot piece of cheesecloth and dampen it thoroughly with water. Wrap the breast in the cheesecloth and tie the ends.nTransfer the breast to the smoker, skin side up, and cook for 1 14 to 1 12 hours per pound, or until the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F. Wet the cheesecloth down with more water at 30minute intervals, or as appropriate for the style of smoker.nAfter 4 hours, remove the cheesecloth, snipping it with scissors if necessary, and discard. Baste the turkey with the Hot Times Mop if possible in the smoker  every 30 minutes for the remainder of the cooking time. When the turkey is finished cooking, remove it from the smoker and allow it to sit under tented foil for at least 10 minutes before carving.nMix ingredients together in a small bowl.nCombine the ingredients in a saucepan and warm the mixture over low heat., ingredients: [1 6 to 8pound turkey breast, Hot Times Rub, recipe follows, Hot Times Mop, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons dried ground jalapeno, recommended: North of the Border PC Willys Green Chile Rub and Seasoning, 2 tablespoons kosher or sea salt, 2 tablespoons packed light or dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 cups chicken or turkey stock, 2 to 3 teaspoons dried ground jalapeno, 14 cup unsalted butter or vegetable oil, 14 cup jalapeno jelly], title: Hot Times Jalapeno Turkey Breast, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 37655: {instructions: Heat a grill to mediumlow heat. Grill the chiles until blistered and softened all over.nRemove the rind from the pineapple and slice into1inchthick rounds. Brush the pineapple slices with canola oil and sprinkle with a little sugar. Grill until caramelized on all sides and just soft, about 10 minutes total. Remove and let cool slightly.nRoughly chop half of the pineapple slices and 1 of the chiles. Put in a food processor with the butter and process until almost smooth. Add 2 of the green onions and the chile de arbol and pulse just to combine. Taste. If the pineapple isnt very sweet, add some honey and pulse just to combine. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate until firm and the flavors meld, at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours. Let it warm slightly before grilling the fish.nFinely dice the remaining pineapple and chile. Put them in a bowl with the remaining green onions, the olive oil, lime juice and some salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Set aside while you grill the fish.nIncrease the heat of the grill to high. Brush the fish with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, fleshside down, until charred and you can move it with a fish spatula without the flesh sticking to the grill, about 3 minutes. Flip, and smear some of the pineapple butter on the flesh side. Grill the second side until charred, about 3 minutes.nTransfer to a platter, smear on a bit more of the butter mixture, top with the pineapple relish and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 serrano chiles, 1 small ripe pineapple, Canola oil, for brushing, Sugar, for sprinkling, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 green onions green and pale green part, thinly sliced, Pinch of chile de arbol, Clover honey, if desired, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 skinon pink snapper fillets about 8 ounces each], title: Grilled Pink Snapper with Caramelized PineappleGreen Onion Butter and Relish, picturelink: o36fLVBa3eVtK3yQdBxb0On6wMjM0ri}, 37656: {instructions: Dissolve salt, sugar, and yeast in the warm water and allow the yeast to proof. Proofing the yeast is testing it for viability. It will develop a foam which looks like the head of a beer. If it doesnt proof, the yeast is dead and should be discarded. Proofing takes about 15 minutes. Place flour in a food processor fitted with a dough blade, and through the feed tube with the food processor running, slowly pour in the proofed yeast mixture, until the dough comes together and is a cohesive mass. Transfer the dough to a floured board, and knead for about 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with a clean dish towel and allow dough to rise, so that it roughly doubles in volume. This will take about 30 minutes to hour. The dough has risen enough if you make an indentation with your finger and it does not spring back. Punch the dough down and divide into 6 equally sized balls. Cover with towel and allow it to rise again. Allowing the dough to rise a second time gives it a finer texture. Note: It will not rise as much the second time.nWhile the dough is rising, prepare the pizza topping. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium high heat in a large saute pan and saute garlic and onions until the onion begins to turn translucent. Season halibut fillets with salt and pepper and sear each side, leaving each side undisturbed for the first minute to allow the flavors to integrate into the surface of the fish. Cook further until the fish flakes, approximately another 6 to 8 minutes, and let rest. Flake the fish and fold into the mashed potatoes.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. On a floured surface, stretch the dough into six 6inch by 8 inch ovals and shake cornmeal over both sides of the dough. The crust will be parbaked on both sides on the stovetop before you add the topping to be baked. In a heavy bottomed 12 inch skillet which has a lid, heat a small amount of oil over medium heat. Swirl the oil to coat the entire inside of the skillet. Transfer teach dough oval to the skillet, allowing one side to lightly cook and stiffen up before flipping it over with tongs. When both sides of each oval are parbaked this way, transfer to a pizza stone. Spoon the potatofish mixture in the center of the now toasted crust, spreading evenly over the surface. Bake in the oven for about 10 minutes until the tips of the mashed potatoes begin to turn golden.nRemove from oven and sprinkle with salmon, curry powder, red onions, and chives., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, between 100 and 115 degrees F, as measured with a candy thermometer any hotter will kill the yeast  an organic leavener, too cool and the yeast wont be activated, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus some extra for the dough board, 14 cup cornmeal, for pizza stones, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small onion, minced, 2 pounds halibut fillets, Salt and pepper, 6 medium potatoes about 2 12 to 3 pounds, peeled, boiled, drained well, and mashed with, 6 ounces smoked Norwegian salmon, flaked, 34 teaspoon curry powder, 1 medium red onion, shaved thin with a mandoline, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives], title: Northwest Passage Pizza Curry Brandade Pizza, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 37657: {instructions: Heat 14 cup of the olive oil in a large deep skillet with a lid over medium heat. Place the potatoes in the pan cutside down. Add the garlic and cook until the potatoes are slightly golden and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the escarole, season with salt and pepper, then add about 13 cup water. Cover and steam until the escarole wilts, about 5 minutes.nSeason the fish with salt and pepper place on top of the greens in the pan and sprinkle with the oregano leaves. Cover and steam until the fish is just cooked through, about 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the lemon juice in a bowl with the remaining 14 cup olive oil season with 1 teaspoon salt and plenty of pepper.nCarefully lift the fish off the greens and transfer to rimmed plates or bowls. Distribute the greens, potatoes and pan juices around the fish. Drizzle with the lemonpepper oil.nPhotograph By Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces baby fingerling potatoes, halved, or small redskinned potatoes, quartered, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 head escarole about 1 14 pounds, torn into pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds tilapia fillets, patted dry, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves torn, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Tilapia with Escarole and LemonPepper Oil, picturelink: au4osoW9ebqWIjPDAB0c5h25tPfi012}, 37658: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan.nCut ends off the pineapple. Stand it upright and cut off the skin in strips. Quarter the pineapple lengthwise and cut out the core. Cut each quarter into 3 spears. Zest the lime and reserve. Cut the zested lime in half and squeeze the juice over the spears. Brush the grill pan or outdoor grill with vegetable oil or spray lightly with cooking spray. Grill pineapple until evenly marked all over, 5 minutes. Garnish spears with lime zest and drizzled honey., ingredients: [1 large ripe pineapple, 1 lime, Vegetable oil or cooking spray, to coat grill, Honey, for drizzling], title: Pineapple Spears with Lime and Honey, picturelink: null}, 37659: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a sauce pan and add enough cold water to cover them by 3 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook, uncovered, for 15 to 20 minutes, until fork tender. Drain the potatoes and set aside. In a saucepan, combine the cream and butter and heat over medium heat to melt the butter. Raise the heat and bring the cream to a boil. Add the potatoes, mashing them with a fork as they are mixed with the cream. Do not mash them too much they should be a little lumpy. Season with salt and serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks but not peeled, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt to taste], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 37660: {instructions: Cook 1 sliced onion, 8 whole garlic cloves and 12 teaspoon smoked paprika in a large pot with 3 tablespoons olive oil, about 2 minutes. Add 1 bunch each chopped mustard greens and kale, 2 cups water and a pinch each of sugar and salt. Simmer, covered, until tender, about 15 minutes. Add hot sauce to taste.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Garlic Greens, picturelink: YNg8eaYPLLWD0XzECUcoYGgS6U37iy}, 37661: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDiscard the outermost slices of zucchini and brush the rest of the slices with the oil on both sides. Season with salt and pepper. Place on a preheated grill or grill pan for about 4 minutes on each side, or until tender.nIn a small bowl combine the goat cheese, parsley leaves and lemon juice, mashing with a fork.nPut 12 teaspoon of the cheese mixture about 12inch from the end of a zucchini slice. Top with a few spinach leaves and 1 small, or half of a large basil leaf. Roll up and place seam side down on a platter. Repeat with the rest of the zucchini slices., ingredients: [3 zucchini about 12 pound each, sliced lengthwise into 14inch slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 ounces reducedfat soft goats cheese, 1 tablespoon freshly minced parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 cups baby spinach leaves, 13 cup basil leaves], title: Grilled Zucchini Rolls with Herbs and Cheese, picturelink: vzlqslKr5vy99mjZXsAu33TApCR6LDW}, 37662: {instructions: In a large pot, fry the bacon pieces over mediumhigh heat until crisp. Drain the bacon on a paper towel and set aside. Pour off the grease and return the pot to the stove.nAdd the onions to the pot and cook over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cauliflower, sprinkle with the Cajun spice and 12 teaspoon black pepper and cook, stirring, until the cauliflower starts turning golden brown, another 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth, bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes.nUse an immersion blender to puree the mixture slightly, or all the way if you prefer. Or use a regular blender just dont fill too full.nIn a separate saucepan or skillet, melt the butter. Sprinkle in the flour and whisk to form a paste. Pour in the milk, then continue cooking until it thickens. Remove from the heat and stir in the halfandhalf.nPour the white sauce into the soup. Turn the heat to medium high and bring back to a boil for 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, stirring in the cheese and sour cream until the cheese is fully melted. Stir in the parsley.nTaste and adjust the seasoning. Serve with a little extra cheese, a sprinkle of bacon and a sprinkle of parsley., ingredients: [4 thin slices bacon, cut into small bits, 1 white onion, finely diced, 1 head cauliflower, broken into small florets, 12 teaspoon Cajun spice, or more to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups 2 quarts lowsodium chicken broth, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 3 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, plus more for serving, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, plus more for serving], title: Cheesy Cauliflower Soup, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 37663: {instructions: Place chicken breast between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Using a meat pounder, pound chicken breasts slightly to an even thickness. Dredge chicken breasts in flour, shaking to remove excess. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken breasts. Season with salt and pepper. Cook chicken until just golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove any excess oil from skillet and add wine, capers, lemon juice, parsley, and stock. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Serve chicken with sauce from skillet and sauteed vegetables.nCoarse salt and freshly ground pepper Heat olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic and tomato and cook until heated through. Add zucchini and season with salt and pepper. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Yield: 2 servings, ingredients: [2 chicken breast halves, boned and skinned, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 cup chicken stock, Sauteed Zucchini and Tomatoes, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 large tomato, roughly chopped, 1 medium zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut crosswise into 14inch thick slices], title: Chicken Piccata, picturelink: null}, 37664: {instructions: Preheat broiler or outdoor grill.nIn a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, add olive oil, garlic and seafood. Cook, stirring occasionally, until shrimp are completely pink and the calamari and scallops are opaque, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature.nIn a medium bowl combine diced tomatoes, onion, avocado, and basil. Season with salt and pepper, and stir with a wooden spoon to combine all the ingredients. Add cooled seafood and a splash of olive oil, stirring to incorporate.nToast the bread under the broiler or on the grill. Top each piece with a large mound of the seafood and tomato salad., ingredients: [Olive oil, as needed, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 large shrimp, peeled, deveined and diced, 6 bay scallops, rinsed and quartered, 2 calamari, cleaned and cut into rings, 4 ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 1 Hass avocado, diced, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf crusty country bread, sliced 1inch thick], title: Seafood Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 37665: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 3quart casserole dish.nBring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the egg noodles and cook until al dente, about 4 minutes. Strain.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned all over, about 3 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.nLower the heat to medium and melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in the Dutch oven. Whisk in the flour to form a loose paste. Stir in the onions, carrots, celery and thyme and season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook for 5 minutes to soften, then add the wine. Whisk for 30 seconds, then add the chicken broth and heavy cream. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs fold in the noodles, mushrooms, chicken and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the buttered casserole dish and top with the Gouda.nBake until bubbly and brown on top, 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing dish, Kosher salt, 12 ounces extrawide egg noodles, 10 ounces white mushrooms, halved or quartered, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups frozen pearl onions, thawed, 1 medium carrot, halved lengthwise and sliced thinly across, 1 large stalk celery, sliced thinly, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup dry white wine or vermouth, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, skin and bones discarded, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 cup shredded Gouda about 4 ounces], title: Chicken Noodle Casserole, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 37666: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet or saute pan over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the red onions, jalapenos and salt and cook until the onions are soft and translucent, 5 minutes.nAdd the artichokes and cook until starting to fall apart, 8 to 10 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium and add the cream cheese, stirring until melted.nAdd the sour cream and Jack cheese and mix until well combined.nTransfer the dip to a warmer or slow cooker to hold for serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 red onion, cut in small dice, 2 jalapenos, seeded, cut in small dice, 1 teaspoon salt, Three 12ounce jars artichoke hearts in water, drained, 8 ounces cream cheese, cubed, 1 cup sour cream, 1 12 cups shredded jalapeno Jack cheese], title: Spicy Artichoke Dip, picturelink: XmlRlIYF4462NH7ifOn4KY7vU1AlifG}, 37667: {instructions: Add eggs straight from fridge, in a single layer, to a saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover them by 1 inch at least. Slowly bring water to just under a boil. Once water is at just under a boil, begin to time them. Count 8 minutes for a hard boiled eggs where yolks are firm but center is still tender or 10 minutes for a fully firm inside yolk. For larger eggs, add a minute, for smaller eggs subtract a minute.nWhen done, remove with a slotted spoon and plunge in cold water to stop cooking process. Cool them so they are easy to handle it is best to peel eggs just before using them. Whole boiled eggs can be kept in fridge for a week., ingredients: [8 large eggs, preferably a week old], title: Hard Boiled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 37668: {instructions: Special equipment: Rolling Pin Medium shallow dish Fork or whisk Medium skillet Spatula Fine mesh strainernFlatten each slice of bread with a rolling pin. Place a tablespoon of the jelly and the cheese in the center of each bread. Fold the bread in half, over the jelly and cheese, to make a turnover. Press the edges together lightly with a fork to seal the turnovers. Break the eggs into a shallow bowl and stir with a fork or whisk.nMelt a small piece of butter in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Dip 2 turnovers in the egg mixture and then lay them in the pan. Fry the turnovers for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until golden brown. Use a flat spatula to transfer the turnovers to paper towels to drain. Cool slightly. Repeat with the remaining turnovers.nPut a couple spoonfuls of confectioners sugar and cocoa into a fine strainer. Shake the strainer over the turnovers to dust with sugar and cocoa. Serve., ingredients: [8 slices Challah bread, 12 cup cherry allfruit jelly or jam, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, Confectioners sugar and cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Challah Bread Cherry Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 37669: {instructions: Shred romaine and raddichio and discard cores. Trim tops of fennel bulb and quarter lengthwise. Remove core from each quarter with an angled cut into each quarter. Slice fennel across into thin pieces and add to salad. Dress salad with vinegar, oil, salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 hearts of romaine, 1 medium head raddichio, 1 small bulb fennel, A generous drizzle of balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons 3 turns around the salad bowl in a thin stream extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Green and Red Salad with Fennel, picturelink: Z0qcTTMA5R1auc6zcWxDPR56qCkl7q}, 37670: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine cold butter, dark brown sugar, light brown sugar, granulated sugar and espresso with a hand mixer. Mix at slow speed for 30 seconds and increase speed until the mixture is fluffy, about 6 minutes. Lower the speed and add the eggs 1 at a time. Add vanilla and mix until all ingredients are incorporated. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter and sugar mixture in batches. Stir with a spatula until well blended. Fold in the chocolate chips or chunks and spoon the dough onto 2 parchment lined cookie sheets at least an inch apart. Bake for 14 to 15 minutes. Rotate the cookie sheet half way through so that the cookies bake evenly. Remove the cookies from the oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 12 cup dark brown sugar, packed, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons instant espresso, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup good quality chocolate chips or chunks], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37671: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, toss in the diced onions and season with salt and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to mediumhigh heat and cook the onions for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 4 more minutes. Turn the heat off and let cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the lamb, the cooled onion mixture, the dill, mint, oregano, lemon zest and 12 to 34 cup water. Sprinkle with salt and combine well. Make a little tester patty, cook it and taste for seasoning.nPreheat the grill.nForm the lamb mixture into 4 equal patties and sprinkle with salt. Grill the burgers to your desired doneness, 4 to 5 minutes per side for mediumrare. Remove the burgers from the grill and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes.nCut the WholeWheat Pitas in half. Schmear each half generously with the Pickled Feta Spread. Top one half with a burger, then tomatoes, sliced onions and spinach. Place the other pita half on top.nIn a small bowl, combine the warm water, sugar and yeast and let sit for 15 minutes.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the flours, cumin, salt and cayenne. Add the yeast mixture and the olive oil. Mix on medium speed to combine and knead the dough. It should take 6 to 7 minutes. The dough will be firm and not sticky or tacky.nPlace the dough in a lightly oiled mixing bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nDivide the dough into 8 equal pieces and roll into 7inch rounds 14inch thick. Divide the dough between 2 sheet trays, cover them loosely with a clean tea towel or plastic wrap and let rest for 20 minutes.nBake the pitas for 3 to 4 minutes, then turn the pitas over and bake for 2 more minutes. Let cool and use as desired.nPlace the vinegar, sugar, salt, tea bags, bay leaf and herb stems, if using, in a small saucepan along with 1 cup water. Heat until the sugar and salt has dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool.nPlace the feta in a small container. Add the vinegar mixture and be sure that the feta is submerged in the liquid. Let sit for a couple of hours outside the refrigerator if using right away, or in the refrigerator if using in the future.nStrain the feta from the pickling liquid and discard the tea bags, bay leaf and stems. Place the feta in a food processor and add the yogurt. Pulse until combined., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 2 red onions, 1 cut into 14inch dice and 1 sliced for garnish, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 cloves garlic, finely smashed, 1 12 pounds ground lamb, 12 bunch fresh dill, finely chopped, 12 bunch fresh mint, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, finely chopped, Zest of 12 lemon, 4 WholeWheat Pitas, recipe follows, or 4 seeded hamburger buns, Pickled Feta Spread, recipe follows, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced for garnish, 2 cups baby spinach, for garnish, 1 14 cups warm water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 1 12 cups bread flour, plus a little more for dusting, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling bowl, 1 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 mint tea bags, 1 bay leaf, 3 fresh mint stems leaves reserved for something else, optional, 3 fresh dill stems, same deal as the mint stems, 3 fresh oregano stems, same deal as the mint stems, 8 ounces feta, coarsely crumbled, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt], title: Lamb Burgers, picturelink: null}, 37672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhisk together the 12 ounces flour, baking powder, baking soda and kosher salt in a large mixing bowl. Using your fingertips, rub the butter and shortening into the dry goods until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the middle of this mixture and pour in the buttermilk. Stir with a large spoon until the dough just comes together. Then knead in the bowl until all the flour has been taken up.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface, then start folding the dough over on itself, gently kneading for 30 seconds, or until the dough is soft and smooth. Press the dough into a 1inch thick round. Using a 3inch round cutter, cut out biscuits, being sure to push the cutter straight down through the dough to the work surface before twisting to punch out the biscuit. Make your cuts as close together as possible to limit waste.nPlace the biscuits on a half sheet pan so they just barely touch. Reroll any scraps and punch out as many biscuits as possible. Use your thumb to create a shallow dimple in the top center of each biscuit and bake until the biscuits are tall and light gold on top, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn the biscuits out into a kitchen towellined basket and cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 ounce unsalted butter, chilled, 2 ounces shortening, chilled, 8 fluid ounces lowfat buttermilk, chilled], title: Southern Biscuits, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 37673: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Place eggplant on a baking sheet and broil, turning occasionally, until charred all over and softened, about 40 minutes. Set aside to cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, peel eggplant and roughly chop, reserving liquid. Transfer to a large bowl. Mix in remaining ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve chilled or at room temperature, with pita triangles.nVariation: Make humus by substituting canned garbanzo beans for the eggplant., ingredients: [1 34 pounds eggplant, 3 tablespoons tahini, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 37674: {instructions: sToppings: Apple butter, crisp bacon and maple syrup on cheesy skinsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nSee all 32 Team Potato SkinsnPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: MapleBacon Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 37675: {instructions: Wrap the garlic cloves together in a piece of parchment paper wrap each beet separately in parchment. Place the garlic and beets in a microwavesafe dish and cook for 3 minutes. Remove the garlic and set aside, still wrapped. Continue to cook the beets in intervals of 2 minutes, until they can be easily pierced with a knife, 8 to 10 minutes. Let sit wrapped in parchment to complete the cooking process and until cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the yogurt, broth, vinegar, oil and 18 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Peel the garlic cloves, mash completely and whisk into the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Alternatively, make the vinaigrette with the microwaveroasted garlic up to a few hours in advance to allow the flavors to blend. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPeel the beets using a paring knife and cut into wedges or slices. Arrange on a platter, drizzle with the vinaigrette and sprinkle with the mint and pistachios. Serve immediately, while still warm., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 2 large beets about 1 pound, 13 cup 2percent plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon lowsodium vegetable broth or water, 2 teaspoons white balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh small mint leaves, 1 tablespoon roasted or raw unsalted pistachios, chopped], title: Beets With Creamy Balsamic Vinaigrette and Mint, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 37676: {instructions: For the brownies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8inch square baking pan with parchment.nMelt the butter and chocolate together in a shallow heatproof bowl set over a saucepan with 1 or 2 inches of simmering water. Stir until completely melted and smooth.nTransfer the melted chocolate mixture to a medium bowl and stir in the sugar. Let cool, then whisk in the eggs, one at a time. Stir in the flour, espresso powder, salt and vanilla, and pour into the prepared baking pan.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the caramel: While the brownies are baking, heat the sugar and 13 cup water in a heavybottomed medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, swirling the pan but not stirring cook until the mixture turns a golden amber color. Remove from the heat and immediately add the butter, swirling to combine take great care to keep the pan at a distance when adding the butter, as the caramel will bubble up and foam. When the bubbling has subsided and the butter and caramel are combined, add the cream and vanilla and stir to incorporate. Set aside to cool.nLift the cooled brownies out of the pan, cut into squares and place on a serving platter. Drizzle with the caramel and sprinkle with the sea salt. Serve with ice cream., ingredients: [4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 12 cup flour, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt, Ice cream, for serving], title: Salted Caramel Brownies, picturelink: SiaU2pVeec7hcoifHokz3w3wrdxkrga}, 37677: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the Peruvian potatoes in half or in quarters, about the same size as the small new potatoes. Do the same for the red bliss potatoes. Place all potatoes, garlic cloves, shallot quarters and rosemary sprigs on a baking sheet. Season well with salt and pepper and drizzle oil on top. Toss all to combine and coat in oil.nPlace the potatoes in the oven and roast for about 30 to 40 minutes, shaking the baking sheet occasionally, until the potatoes are nicely browned and fork tender and the garlic cloves and shallots are caramelized.nRemove rosemary sprigs and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound purple Peruvian potatoes, scrubbed clean, 12 pound red bliss potatoes, scrubbed clean, 12 pound small new potatoes, scrubbed clean, 8 small garlic cloves, 2 large shallots, peeled and quartered, Rosemary or thyme sprigs, Salt and pepper, Olive oil], title: OvenRoasted Potatoes, picturelink: yB1qmrLQ5cQqJWnfN2aVIOxPzwSIe4u}, 37678: {instructions: Into a bowl, mix together ginger, soy sauce, chili sauce, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic salt and 13 cup clam juice, until smooth. Reserve. Preheat a wok with 2 tablespoons of the oil. Coat scallops with cornstarch and add to the wok. Stirfry scallops for approximately 1 minute and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in reserved ginger mixture cook for 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove scallops from sauce arrange on a serving dish. Reserve the sauce separately.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the wok and add the carrot sticks, sweet pepper strips, broccoli florets and chopped onions for 4 to 6 minutes or until brown. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm, in the wok.nIn another wok or deep pan, deepfry rice noodles in 2 cups hot oil, for 3 minutes. Drain noodles. Arrange noodles in a bowl or on a plate, top with cooked vegetables and finish with scallops. If desired, mix a little more clam juice to the sauce, before pouring over the scallops and noodles. Serve with lemon slices., ingredients: [12 tablespoon ginger, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 13 cup chili sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 12 cup brown sugar, 34 teaspoon garlic salt, 13 cup clam juice, as needed, 12 cup vegetable oil, plus 2 more cups for frying noodles, 24 dry scallops, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 7 carrots, cut into thin sticks, 14 cup sweet red pepper strips, 14 cup broccoli florets, 2 onions, finely chopped, 1 pound rice noodles, Sliced lemons, for serving], title: Scallops and Rice Noodles, picturelink: null}, 37679: {instructions: Marinate the steak with the Worcestershire sauce, pepper and coarse salt.nHeat a grill or grill pan. Grill the steak to desired doneness. Rest the steak and keep warm for serving.nIn a food processor, combine the cilantro, parsley, olive oil, cumin, lemon juice, a splash of the rice vinegar and some kosher salt. Pulse until just smooth, but still a little bit chunky.nPreheat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the salt, sugar and chili powder. Fry the yucca until crisped, then drain and toss in the spice mixture.nSlice the steak, top with the chimichurri and serve with the fried yucca., ingredients: [One 1 12pound flank steak, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, Coarse salt, 2 cups chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Juice of 12 lemon, Rice vinegar, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 yucca roots, peeled, cut into 2inch pieces and parboiled, 1 tablespoon fine salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon chili powder], title: Brazilian Flank Steak with Fresh Chimichurri and Fried Yucca, picturelink: Z.hZ35ywIS0MenlwHzg4frwfVLpnP2O}, 37680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter a 2quart glass or ceramic baking dish.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until tender and golden, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and stir 1 minute. Add the cream, broth, rosemary, salt and pepper. Remove the pan from the heat.nMix all the grated cheeses together in a medium bowl.nMix the yams and potatoes together in a medium bowl.nArrange onethird of the potato mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with onethird of the cheese mixture. Repeat the layers twice more ending with a layer of the cheese mixture. Pour the cream mixture over the layers and cover the pan with foil.nBake the gratin until the potatoes are almost tender, about 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake until the potatoes are tender and golden on top, 20 to 25 minutes longer. Remove from the oven and let the gratin rest, 10 minutes. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley, if using, and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the baking dish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 small Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 18inchthick rounds about 1 14 pounds, 1 large yam red skinned sweet potatoes, cut into 18inch to 14inchthick rounds, 1 12 cups coarsely grated Gruyere cheese about 5 ounces, 12 cup coarsely grated Asiago cheese about 1 12 ounces, 12 cup finely grated Pecorino Romano cheese about 1 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, optional], title: ThreeCheese Potato Gratin, picturelink: Mgbz.7clQszRVpjXYE7A6SBMx7CXafy}, 37681: {instructions: DescriptionnSpring is calling, and so is this amazing dish of blackened pork chops stuffed with andouille, mozzarella, and mascarpone, served with lemonparsley tomatoes.nPairingnBlue Moonu00ae Spring Blonde Wheat Ale is brewed with orange and lemon peel for a little extra zing, which pairs perfectly with pork, sausage, and vegetables.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo stuff the pork chop, insert a thin boning knife into the middle of the chop, starting by the bone. Use the knife to create a pocket, cutting horizontally.nTo make the stuffing, mix sausage, mozzarella, and mascarpone. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nUsing your fingers, stuff about 14 of stuffing into each chop. When finished, coat with blackening spice and refrigerate 30 minutes. In castiron pan with about 12 inch of oil in pan. Heat oil until smoking. Add chops, searing for about 1 minute on each side. Remove from heat and put on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 to 25 minutes until cheese is oozing and pork is medium. Let rest five minutes.nWhile pork is cooking, dump oil from pan, then add tomatoes and lemon juice. Cook about five minutes over high heat until tomatoes are hot and blistering. Add butter then remove from heat. Add parsley to tomatoes, one chop on each plate and top with tomatoes., ingredients: [4 12 oz. pork chops, 12 oz. andouille sausage, diced, 12 oz. mozzarella, 8 oz. mascarpone cheese, 4 oz. blackening spice, 2 pt. cherry tomatoes, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tbsp. butter, 3 tbsp. parsley, chopped], title: Blue Moonandreg Blackened Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 37682: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason short ribs with salt, pepper, and seasoning mix. Heat a large roasting pan with lid over medium high heat and add oil. Sear ribs in hot oil on all sides until well browned.nRemove from roasting pan and set aside. Add peppers, onions, celery and garlic and cook until well browned. Deglaze roasting pan with red wine, then add barbeque sauce and stock and bring to a boil. Return ribs to roasting pan and cover tightly with foil. Place in preheated oven and braise for 2 12 hours, or until meat is tender when pierced with a fork.nRemove ribs from sauce and keep warm. Skim fat from the top of sauce and season with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over short ribs and serve with horseradish mashed potatoes and sweet corn salad with basil vinaigrette., ingredients: [6 beef short ribs, 2inches thick, cut across the bone, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dry rub seasoning mix, 12 cup olive oil, 4 poblano peppers, diced, 4 medium yellow onions, diced, 4 stalks celery, diced, 14 cup sliced garlic, 1 bottle red wine recommended: Zinfandel, 1 quart barbeque sauce, 1 quart of chicken stock, Horseradish mashed potatoes, for plating, optional, Sweet corn salad with basil vinaigrette, for plating, optional], title: Zinfandel Glazed BBQ Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: UNdiPoeUi6MR5HL5.2E2VM8raRTcUjC}, 37683: {}, 37684: {instructions: In a large deep skillet, saute 12 pound crumbled sweet Italian sausage in 6 tablespoons butter for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add 1 diced fennel bulb, 1 diced onion, and 1 tablespoon each chopped sage and thyme cook 5 minutes, then add 1 diced peeled apple and cook 2 minutes. Pour in 2 12 to 3 cups chicken broth. In a large bowl, mix 2 eggs and 14 cup chopped parsley. Add to the bowl 16 cups toasted white bread cubes and the hot broth mixture. Gently toss the stuffing, then spread in a buttered 9by13inch baking dish. Dot the top with butter or turkey pan drippings, cover and bake 30 minutes at 350. Uncover and bake until golden, 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: FennelSausage Stuffing, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 37685: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMound tortilla chips in a pile on a platter. Sprinkle with Neelys Seasoning. Spread chopped pork, beef or chicken on top of chips. Sprinkle with seasoning again and pour the Neelys Barbecue Sauce onto meat. Top with the melted nacho cheese.nLightly sprinkle more Neelys Barbecue Seasoning onto cheese. Top with jalapenos for additional spice.nMix all ingredients together.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients and mix well. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. Cooked uncovered, stirring frequently every 15 minutes, for 1 hour and 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 bag tortilla chips, 12 cup Neelys Barbecue Seasoning, recipe follows, 6 ounces chopped pork, beef or chicken, 4 ounces Neelys Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces nacho cheese, melted, One 4ounce can sliced jalapenos, drained, 34 cup white sugar, 1 12 cups paprika, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Neelys Barbeque Nachos, picturelink: uqxxDpgo6aZmk92sgChhRoPCq23f2n.}, 37686: {instructions: Slice the peaches and add to a medium bowl. Sprinkle with a teaspoon of lemon zest, a couple of tablespoons lemon juice, and sugar. Let the peaches sit for 5 minutes, then gently stir in the mint, if using, and the berries.nHalve the cantaloupes and trim the bottoms so they sit flat. Scoop out the seeds and fill with ice cream or sorbet and the Melba topping., ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, halved and pitted, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, A couple sprigs fresh mint, leaves finely chopped, optional, 12 pint raspberries, 2 small cantaloupes, 1 pint vanilla ice cream or lemon or raspberry sorbet], title: Melon Melba Bowls, picturelink: bTGxLzppyWD.M0SuK2Tf.MJM0aN.5C}, 37687: {instructions: Put the cut mango in a blender and puree until smooth adding 1 tablespoon cava to help blend.nSpoon 1 tablespoon of the mango puree in the bottom of 4 Champagne flutes. Pour in the Cava to fill the glass and serve., ingredients: [1 mango, peeled, flesh removed and chopped, 1 750ml cold bottle sparkling wine recommended: Freixenet Cava Brut], title: Mango Bellini, picturelink: CmH78x0JHCsJrMo1EXGYn1MiIvM58oS}, 37688: {}, 37689: {instructions: Preheat a nonstick griddle. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nMix together the dry ingredients in a medium bowl. Beat the eggs and 1 12 cups of the milk in a medium bowl until combined, then stir in the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Gently fold in the blueberries. If the batter seems too thick, add some of the remaining milk.nLadle approximately 14 cup of the batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Cook until the bottom is light golden brown, flip, and continue cooking for about 30 seconds. Remove to an ovenproof plate and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve. Serve 3 pancakes per person with a dollop of orangehoney butter, cinnamon maple syrup, and bananas. Garnish with blueberries dust with confectioners sugar.nPlace orange juice in a small nonreactive saucepan over high heat and reduce to 3 tablespoons. Place butter in a bowl and add the orange syrup, honey, and salt mix until combined. Scoop into a large ramekin, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.nHeat syrup and cinnamon sticks over low heat for 10 minutes. Remove and let steep for 1 hour. Remove sticks and pour into a small pitcher., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup blue cornmeal, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 large eggs, 1 12 to 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup fresh blueberries, plus more for garnish, 2 to 3 bananas, peeled and sliced, OrangeHoney Butter, recipe follows, Cinnamon Maple Syrup, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, 3 cups fresh squeezed orange juice, 2 sticks butter, slightly softened, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch salt, 2 cups pure maple syrup, 2 to 3 cinnamon sticks], title: Blue Corn Pancakes with Orange Honey Butter and Cinnamon Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 37690: {instructions: Cook 1 cup small shallots with 2 tablespoons butter and a pinch each of sugar and salt in a skillet until light brown, about 4 minutes. Add 1 pound baby carrots, 2 more tablespoons butter and 14 cup water simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Top with toasted almonds and chopped tarragon.nPhotograph By Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Baby Carrots, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 37691: {instructions: Pita Chips: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut pita pockets into eighths and spread onto a sheet pan. Bake for about 10 minutes or until crispy. Remove from oven and set aside.nDip: Place eggplant on top of stove burner with the flame on high. Turn, using tongs, until eggplant is completely blackened. This process will sweeten and soften the flesh. Remove from heat once blackened and scrape off and discard charred skin.nPlace eggplant in a large microwavesafe dish and add the raisins, lemon juice, and chili garlic sauce. Mash all ingredients together with a potato masher or large spoon until well blended and smooth. Cover dish with plastic wrap and puncture wrap with a fork once or twice to allow a vent for steam. Microwave on high for 2 minutes. Remove from microwave and stir in basil and mint.nTransfer dip to an attractive serving dish and top with green onions and peanuts. Serve with pita chips., ingredients: [8 whole wheat pita pockets, 1 large eggplant, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons commercially prepared chili garlic sauce recommended: Lee Kum Kee, or more or less to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup sliced green onions, 18 cup chopped roasted peanuts], title: Southeast Asian Inspired Charroasted Eggplant Dip and Pita Chips, picturelink: null}, 37692: {instructions: Special equipment: 9 by 13inch baking dish or 2 smaller baking dishesnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the egg noodles according to package directions until al dente, cooked, but with a little bite to them. Drain well, and set aside.nIn a large pot, melt the butter over medium heat and saute the onion and jalapenos. Cook the mixture for about 5 minutes, or until the onion is softened. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 6 minutes.nPour in the milk and halfandhalf and whisk until the mixture thickens, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add in the Monterey Jack, cream cheese, and goat cheese and whisk until all the cheese is melted. Turn off the heat and stir in the cooked noodles.nPour the mixture into a 9 by 13inch baking dish or 2 smaller baking dishes and set aside.nOn a baking sheet, blend together the panko, melted butter and salt and spread the mixture out into an even layer on the pan. Bake in the oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Watch it so it doesnt burn.nOn another baking sheet, lay out the strips of bacon and bake them for 15 minutes, or until crispy.nBake the mac n cheese for 15 minutes, or until bubbling. Remove from the oven and top with the toasted panko and then the bacon. Serve hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 bags eggs noodles, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 jalapenos, chopped with seeds, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, 1 pint halfandhalf, 12 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, grated, 8 ounces cream cheese, 8 ounces goat cheese, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound bacon slices], title: Arias Mac n Cheese, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 37693: {instructions: Trim away any tough stems, then wash the greens: Rinse each leaf separately. Put all of them in a sinkful of water and let stand for 5 minutes. Now, lift them out of the sink and drain away the water and all the grit that has settled to the bottom. Repeat the sink bath until you dont see any grit when you remove the leaves. Chop the onions and crush the garlic cloves. In a heavy pot large enough to hold all the greens, warm the oil over medium heat. Set aside about half of the onions and add the remainder along with the garlic to the pot. Saute until softened about 5 minutes. Add the greens, turn to coat in the oil, and then pour in the stock to cover. Bring to a boil and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the greens are tender. The timing will depend on what you are cooking collards can take up to 40 minutes or so, while beet greens will cook in 12 that time. Transfer to a serving bowl. Pass the reserved onion and pepper vinegar at the table for sprinkling over the top., ingredients: [4 pounds mixed greens, 2 yellow onions, 2 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, About 4 cups chicken stock, or to cover, Pepper vinegar], title: Pot of Greens, picturelink: null}, 37694: {instructions: Special equipment: 2quart gratin dishnFor the yogurt: In a small bowl, mix the yogurt and honey together. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the gratin: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Butter a 2quart gratin dish with the softened butter.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs. Whisk in the flour, melted butter, brown sugar, cane sugar, vanilla and salt, until smooth. Pour the batter into the gratin dish and arrange the apricot slices and raspberries on top. Bake for 20 minutes.nTake the gratin out of the oven, and sprinkle the top with the granola and almonds, and bake until the batter is light brown and set, and the fruit is tender, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes before serving.nServe with a dollop of the raspberry honey yogurt., ingredients: [1 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons raspberry honey, 1 cup whole milk, 4 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus a few tablespoons softened butter for greasing, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 8 ripe, slightly firm fresh apricots, halved, pitted and quartered, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 cup low fat granola, such as Kelloggs, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Apricot and Raspberry Granola Gratin with Raspberry Honey Yogurt, picturelink: d6qmY1H9gcIRB0yXl1BR.baekt5coW2}, 37695: {instructions: Let the steaks sit out for 30 minutes before cooking to come to room temperature. Heat the canola oil in a cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the steaks with salt and pepper. Place them in the hot pan. Cook for about 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove the steaks from the pan, cover them loosely with foil, and let them rest for 5 minutes before slicing while you make the sauce.nTurn the temperature on the skillet down to medium. Add the shallots and cook until they soften a bit, about 2 minutes. Pour in the broth and Worcestershire sauce and bring it up to a simmer. While the broth comes to a simmer, add the gravy mix to a small bowl and mix with 2 tablespoons water. Add to the broth, stir, and let simmer until thickened. Stir in the chocolate and cold butter to thicken the sauce. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nPlace the steaks onto a serving platter, pour the sauce over top or serve on the side, and garnish with parsley. Serve with Sauteed Mushrooms and Onions.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter. When the butter has melted, add the mushrooms and onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook until they begin to soften and the mushrooms release their juices, about 7 minutes. Take the pan off of the heat and add the whiskey. Place back on the heat, add the thyme, and cook until the moisture has evaporated and the pan is almost dry, about 3 minutes. Add the cream and bring to a simmer. Cook until the cream thickens a bit, 4 to 5 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 ribeye steaks 1 12 to 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 14 12ounce can beef broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauces, 1 tablespoon brown gravy mix, 14 cup grated dark chocolate, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Sauteed Mushrooms and Onions, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 8ounce package sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 8ounce package sliced baby portabella mushroom, 1 cup frozen onions, thawed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Canadian whiskey, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 1 cup heavy cream], title: RibEye Steaks with Savory Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: kAk2xL08CO6nIEVpvMbqvgTDYc1tzJ.}, 37696: {instructions: Heat the oven to broil and place the red peppers, skinside up on a baking sheet for approximately 10 minutes or until all the skin is blackened.nRemove the red peppers from the oven and place them in an airtight container or bowl covered in plastic wrap to sweat and cool for 5 minutes. Cooks Note: The skin will then be easy to peel off.nReduce the heat of the oven to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, place the chicken in a bowl and add the smoked paprika, paprika, chorizo, salt, pepper and mix well.nIn a pan, heat the canola oil on high heat. Add the chicken and fry until crispy on all sides, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chorizo and do the same for another 2 minutes. Add the potatoes and onions and stir. Slice the skinless, roasted red peppers into long strips and add to the pan, along with all the juices. Place the smashed garlic on top of the chicken and season with salt and pepper. Put the pan in the oven for approximately 25 minutes, or until the chicken is fork tender. Remove from oven. Add the clams and kale. Cook for another 10 minutes.nRemove and plate, garnishing with fresh parsley, chives, a drizzle of olive oil and some crusty Portuguese bread on the side.nCooks Note: Chorizo can be replaced by bacon cut in pieces. Kale can be replaced by baby spinach., ingredients: [2 red peppers, halved and seeded, 4 chicken legs thighs and drumsticks, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 pound450g chorizo, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, diced, 1 mediumsize onion, halved and sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 15 to 20 clams, 2 kale leaves, chopped with stems julienned, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, for garnish, Olive oil, for drizzling and garnish, Serving suggestion: Crusty Portuguese bread.], title: Portuguese Chicken with Chorizo and Clams, picturelink: null}, 37697: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 pound trimmed sugar snap peas and 14 teaspoon kosher salt. Cook, stirring, until crisptender, 2 to 3 minutes. Toss with 12 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon each grated garlic and lemon zest and 1 chopped scallion. Season with lemon juice and salt. Top with chopped basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Lemony Snap Peas with Basil, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 37698: {instructions: In a food processor, add everything and puree smooth. Place in small pan and freeze over night. Use a fork to scrape granite and serve in tuile bowl. Garnish with fresh mango slices and orange zest.nSuggested Wine: Saracco, Muscato dAsti, 1997, ingredients: [16 ounces fresh orange juice, Juice of 6 limes, 2 peeled and chopped mangoes, 14 cup Cointreau, Zest of 2 oranges], title: Mango Orange Lime Granite, picturelink: null}, 37699: {instructions: Slice carrots and radishes as thinly as possible and add to a large bowl. Add mint and cilantro. Remove the peel and pith from the oranges. Working over a bowl to catch the juice, cut between the membranes to remove the orange segments add them to the carrots. Squeeze the membrane to extract the rest of the juice and add the cinnamon, sugar, lemon juice, orange flower water, and salt, to taste. Mix to dissolve sugar and salt. Pour over the carrot mixture and gently toss to coat. The salad can be served immediately but allowing it to sit for 1 or 2 hours will help the flavors to blend. Just before serving, taste and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [4 carrots, 6 radishes or 4inch piece daikon radish, 1 handful fresh mint leaves, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, 2 navel oranges, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon orange flower water, Kosher salt], title: Carrot, Orange and Radish Salad, picturelink: xglSOuVL0WFvfNFQeyrLyzHA4ehrB1i}, 37700: {instructions: In a medium serving bowl add the rice, reduced cream and the poblanos. Garnish with scallions and cilantro and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups rice, cooked, 1 12 cups heavy cream reduced by 12, 2 poblanos, roasted, skins removed, and chopped, 3 scallions, sliced, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Creamed Green Chili Rice, picturelink: null}, 37701: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumlow heat. Add the fennel and leeks and season with 1 12 teaspoons salt and the red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are just tender, about 25 minutes.nAdd the Sambuca and cook until evaporated, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, chicken broth, heavy cream and u00bd cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook until the fennel is soft, about 15 minutes.nWorking in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth or puree in the pot with an immersion blender. Return the soup to the pot return to a simmer and season with salt. Top each serving with the crab and fennel fronds.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 bulbs fennel, trimmed, cored and thinly sliced, plus fronds for topping, 2 leeks white and light green parts, sliced and rinsed, Kosher salt, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons Sambuca or other aniseflavored liqueur, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 34 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces lump crabmeat, picked over for shells], title: TomatoFennel Soup with Crab, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 37702: {instructions: Put the canola oil and bacon in a medium castiron or enamel coated castiron Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook until crisp. Add the carrots and onions to the pan and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, about 1 minute. Add the beans, barbecue sauce, 1 cup stock, honey and brown sugar and mix gently to combine season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer, about 20 minutes. Check to see if the mixture is dry, and if it is, add a little more stock. Continue simmering until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Stir in the burnt ends. Garnish the top with the parsley and let sit 10 minutes before serving.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the onion and garlic until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer 20 minutes.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, pour into a bowl, and let cool at room temperature. May be refrigerated up to 1 week or frozen.nMix together all the spices in a bowl. Liberally rub the entire brisket with the spices, wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove the brisket from the refrigerator 1 hour before beginning the smoking process to take the chill off, and remove the plastic wrap.nGet your smoker running at 225 degrees F with hardwood charcoal and a few handfuls of soaked wood chips. This temperature should be maintained throughout the entire smoke. If you are using a grill: Set up the grill for indirect heat, banking the coals on one side of the grill and scattering the wood chips on top. Maintain the temperature at 225 degrees throughout the smoking process, adding chips as necessary until you wrap the brisket in foil.nPlace the brisket fatside up on your smoker grate and close it up for the long smoke.nOpen your barbecue smoker every hour or 2 and spray the brisket liberally with apple juice to help keep the meat from drying out. Also keep apple juice in the water pan if you are using a water smoker.nWhen the internal temperature reaches 165 to 170 degrees, after about 4 hours, wrap the brisket in aluminum foil and continue to cook for another 3 12 to 4 12 hours. This little trick is a big help in getting the meat tender, especially for beginners. Figure that a brisket smoked at around 200 degrees will take about 1 12 hours per pound. The brisket is done when the internal temperature reaches 185 degrees F. Remove and let rest 20 minutes before slicing. Remove the foil from the brisket over a large pan or disposable pan and reserve the liquid. Cut off the brisket points and reserve for another use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ounces doublesmoked slab bacon, cut into small dice, 1 medium carrot, grated on the large holes of a box grater, 1 medium Spanish onion, cut into small dice, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Two 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained, rinsed well and drained again, 2 cups Bobby Flays Mesa Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, or your favorite BBQ sauce, 1 to 2 cups homemade chicken stock or lowsodium canned broth, plus more if needed, 14 cup clover honey, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few cups burnt ends from Smoked, Spice Rubbed, TexasStyle Brisket, recipe follows, Handful torn fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, 12 medium red onion, finely diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons dark molasses, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon allspice, ground, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, ground, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, ground, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon smoked Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, One 8 to 10pound brisket, untrimmed, 3 cups oak or pecan wood chips, or 6 big chunks, soaked in cold water for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours, 2 cups apple juice in a spray bottle], title: Pinto Beans with Burnt Ends, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 37703: {instructions: Char the poblano peppers all over by placing the peppers on stovetop burners or under a hot broiler until black, turning frequently. Place the charred peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam them as they cool. Rub the skins off the poblanos and jalapenos with paper towel or peel by hand, then seed the peppers and chop.nMeanwhile, heat the extravirgin olive oil in a mediumsize Dutch oven over medium heat, add the onions and sweat 10 minutes then add the garlic and tomatillos and cook 10 minutes more season with salt and pepper. Place the cooked oniontomatillo mixture in a food processor with cilantro, cumin, honey, and puree. Add the puree back to the Dutch oven, then stir in the chopped peppers and chicken stock. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat to low for the flavors to combine. Slice and finely chop the cooked pork and stir into the chili. When the soup returns to a bubble, turn off the stove, cool completely and store for makeahead meal.nTo reheat the chili: Place in covered pot over medium heat and cook until the pork comes to a bubble, stir in the juice of 1 lime and turn off the heat. Slice the remaining lime into wedges and serve alongside the chili.nFor the cheesy polenta: In medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock and milk to a boil. Whisk in the polenta, stirring until the polenta just pulls from the side of the pot. Stir in the Manchego cheese and serve warm., ingredients: [4 large poblano peppers, 2 jalapeno peppers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 onions, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or sliced, 12 tomatillos, peeled and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A handful fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, half a palmful, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 12 pounds cooked pork, finely chopped, 2 limes, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup milk, 1 cup quick cooking polenta, 1 cup shredded Manchego cheese, Serving suggestion: Serve with the cheesy polenta or warm tortillas, chips for dipping, wrapping or dunking.], title: Pork and Poblano Green Chili Pot, picturelink: null}, 37704: {instructions: To make the French toast: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together eggs, milk, sugar, and salt until blended. Pour into a large baking pan and soak bread slices in 1 layer, turning once, 8 minutes.nPrepare berry sauce while bread is soaking. Puree 1 12 cups berries with sugar and lemon juice in a blender. If you want to eliminate seeds, force puree through a very fine sieve into a bowl. Transfer to a serving bowl and fold in remaining berries.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons butter in a 12inch heavy skillet or griddle over moderately high heat until foam subsides. Transfer 4 soaked bread slices to skillet with a slotted spatula and cook until golden brown, about 1 minute on each side. Cook remaining bread in 2 batches, adding more butter as needed. Transfer slices as cooked to a large shallow baking pan using a clean spatula and, when all are browned, bake in middle of oven until hot, about 5 minutes.nDust French toast with confectioners sugar and serve with berry sauce., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 1pound challah loaf, cut crosswise into 12 12inchthick slices not including end pieces, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups blueberries, 13 to 12 cup sugar depending on sweetness of berries, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Garnish: confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Challah French Toast with Berry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37705: {instructions: Method of Preparation: Season racks generously with salt and pepper. Combine oil and seasoning and mix well until a paste forms. Then brush racks with seasoning paste on both sides. On a hot grill or grill pan, cook ribs for 2 minute on both sides. While ribs are cooking, combine ingredients for braising liquid in large mixing bowl. After ribs have cooked on both sides, place in roasting pan and cover with braising liquid, reserving 1 cup, strained. Cook in 375 degree oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nFor the Glaze: In a medium saucepan, heat and cook, onion, garlic, and peppers for 3 minutes. Add vinegar and ancho chilies and reduce by half. Add pineapple and braising liquid. Cook for 10 minutes at medium heat and puree with stock blend until smooth. Remove ribs from oven and finish n a grill or grill pan, cook racks on one side for a just few minutes brushing the other side with the glaze. Repeat twice. Cut ribs off rack and serve., ingredients: [2 whole St. Louis pork rib steaks, 12 cup oil, 1 cup Chef Paul Meat Magic seasoning or substitute, 1 12 gallons chicken stock, 1 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup whole garlic cloves peeled, 1 cup ancho chile seeded, devained, and toasted, 14 cup molasses or honey, 2 tablespoons of each spice toasted fennel seed, toasted cumin seed, star anise, and black pepper, 1 onion roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 red bell pepper roughly chopped, 1 green bell pepper roughly chopped, 1 cup red wine vinegar, Ancho Chiles to taste, 12 cup diced pineapple, 1 cup braising liquid, strained], title: Ancho Chile Glazed Ribs, picturelink: null}, 37706: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium low heat. Saute the onions until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the ginger and cook for 1 minute to release the aromas. Add the vinegar and simmer to reduce by half. Add barbecue sauce, brown sugar and pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Place the sauce in a blender and puree.nHeat a grill. Brush swordfish steaks with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill fish about 7 minutes, brushing with ginger barbecue sauce. Turn, brush with barbecue sauce and grill another 3 minutes, or until cooked through., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 cup adobo or barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds swordfish, cut into 1 12inch thick steaks, Olive oil for brushing fish, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Swordfish with Ginger Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37707: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and 14 cup sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs and vanilla. Slowly add the flour, baking powder and salt, and beat until combined. Remove dough to a clean work surface. Divide dough into quarters, wrap each in plastic, and chill until firm, about 1 hour.nRemove 1 portion of dough from refrigerator. Between 2 pieces of parchment paper, roll dough out to a 9 by 12inch rectangle, about 18inch thick. Remove remaining portions of dough from the refrigerator1 at a time, and repeat rolling process. Stack dough between sheets of parchment paper, and place on a baking sheet. Chill until firm, about 10 minutes.nPlace 1 rectangle of dough on a baking sheet. Repeat process with a second rectangle of dough. Pipe teaspoon size mounds of plum mixture onto each rectangle of dough in even rows. There should be 15 mounds per baking sheet. Remove remaining 2 rectangles of dough from refrigerator and place 1 over each baking sheet to enclose plum mixture. Let stand until dough softens slightly, about 2 minutes. Lightly press around each mound of plum mixture with your fingertips to seal. Using a fluted pastry wheel, cut dough into squares between mounds of plum mixture forming ravioli. Freeze until firm, about 15 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using an offset spatula, separate the ravioli. Sprinkle ravioli with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nPlace the plums, orange rind and juice, cinnamon, and sugar in a shallow saucepan. Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to a simmer. Cook until the plums are tender, and the liquid has reduced to a glaze, about 45 minutes. Add the cognac, and cook for 5 more minutes, watching carefully as the liquid will thicken rapidly and start to caramelize somewhat.nTransfer plum mixture to a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Add honey. Pulse until the mixture is smooth, 40 seconds. Transfer to a small pastry bag fitted with a coupler., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons for sprinkling, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Simmered Plums, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons cognac, 1 tablespoon honey, 15 dried plum halves, 2 1inch by 3inch strips orange rind, 1 14 cups orange juice 2 to 3 large oranges, 1 3inch stick cinnamon, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar], title: Plum Ravioli Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add garlic and stir. Place the chicken in the pan and brown 4 minutes on each side. Remove from pan, slice into strips, set aside.nHeat remaining tablespoon of oil in a wok over high heat. Add the vegetables and teriyaki sauce. Stirfry quickly until the vegetables begin to soften. Add the chicken strips, combine well and continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, divided, 2 garlic cloves, finely minced, 2 pounds chicken breasts, skinless and boneless, 1 head broccoli, stems removed, 1 dozen mushrooms, sliced, 3 carrots, peeled and julienned, 14 pound green beans, diced, 1 head bok choy, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce], title: Chicken StirFry, picturelink: NgWGqTFVNjzYv9x2Tv.uLMJYruQTwLS}, 37709: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender or food processor. Process until smooth., ingredients: [1 12 cups diced fresh kiwi, 1 12 cups lime sherbet, 1 cup diced ripe banana optional, 1 cup honeydew melon], title: Kiwi Cooler, picturelink: null}, 37710: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, cover with a lid and turn off the heat. Let the eggs sit in the hot water for 15 minutes. Rinse under cold water to cool, then remove from the shells, finely chop and add to a medium bowl.nMix in the mayonnaise and capers until well blended. Stir in the parsley, olives, celery and apples. Drain the tuna from the oil, then fold into the dressing. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper to taste. The capers and olives are salty so be careful not to overseason.nSlice the baguette down the center into 2 pieces using a serrated knife and slice across into 4 equal pieces. Scoop tuna salad down the center of the bread, top with lettuce and sandwich with the top pieces of bread., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons capers, drained and minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 10 to 12 pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 1 rib celery, diced, 12 unpeeled Fuji apple, diced, Two 6ounce cans tuna packed in olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 soft 12inch loaf French bread, Green curlyleaf lettuce], title: Tuna Salad Sandwich, picturelink: NVmJ.r6UPKgBgSQRvslaiNU5c8IUfm}, 37711: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 325 degrees F in a convection oven. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners 24 regular size or 48 mini size.nUsing a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the sour cream, baking soda, salt and eggs until combined. Scrape out the insides of the vanilla bean. Add the vanilla and granulated sugar to the egg mixture. Mix until combined.nIn a small bowl, mix the melted butter with 1 cup water. With mixer set to a low speed, alternate adding the water and butter, with the flour. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue mixing until well combined.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with the batter. Bake until golden brown and baked through, 22 minutes for regular size and 16 minutes for mini size. Cool the cupcakes completely. Frost with the Caramel Buttercream Frosting. Garnish if desired.nUsing a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, add the butter and beat until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cream cheese and beat until fully incorporated and smooth. Reduce the speed and add the powdered sugar a little at a time. Mix until fully incorporated. Add the caramel sauce to the buttercream mixture., ingredients: [23 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 whole vanilla bean, split, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup 8 ounces salted butter, melted, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Caramel Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, Course sea salt, Caramel sauce, Chopped cashews, Fondant elephant, 1 12 cups 12 ounces unsalted butter, cubed and chilled, 4 ounces cream cheese, cubed and chilled, 3 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup caramel sauce], title: Salted Caramel Cupcake, picturelink: snCkTx0i9V57LrX2F7dJEu2Nmm75npu}, 37712: {instructions: Lightly sweat the garlic, leeks and onion with the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the mussels to the pot and toss them with the vegetables, allowing the mussels to absorb the flavor of the garlic, leeks and onion.nDeglaze the pot with the wine. Add the butter, thyme and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the wine cooks off and the mussels open, about 3 minutes.nServe immediately with crusty bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced leeks, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced red onion, Oil, for sweating the vegetables, 1 pound cleaned mussels, 1 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, Salt and pepper, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Steamed Mussels, picturelink: null}, 37713: {instructions: Pat pork dry. Make shallow incisions all over one side of the meat, about 18inch apart. Spread garlic over this surface of meat, pressing into cuts. Repeat with ginger and cardamom seeds or powder. Follow with salt and pepper and bay leaves. Add pineapple juice to casserole dish just large enough to hold meat. Add pork, seasoned side up. Cover and reduce heat to 14 power and cook gently for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAfter 20 minutes, turn pork. Remove cover and transfer pork to oven. Roast 2 hours 15 minutes, turning once halfway through.nWhen pork is tender, remove to a serving platter, reserving juices. Skim fat from juices and bring juices to a boil. Mix together 18cup rum and arrowroot add to juices. Boil until it begins to thicken. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat butter in skillet over medium heat. Add pineapple slices, then remaining cup of rum. Flame.nTo serve, surround pork with pineapple and coat with sauce., ingredients: [2 14 pounds crosscut leg of pork, about 2 inches thick, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon powdered ginger, 3 pods cardamom split open and seeds reserved or 1 teaspoon cardamom powder, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 20 ounces unsweetened pineapple juice, 2 bay leaves, 58 cup light rum, 1 teaspoon arrowroot, 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 1 medium pineapple, about 2 pounds, cut into 16 12inch thick slices], title: Rum and Pork Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 37714: {instructions: Special equipment: 5 pounds or 1 bag hickory woodchips soaked in water for 1 to 3 hours a smokernPreheat a smoker to 225 degrees F using your preferred heating method. Then add the woodchips.nMix the salt and pepper to make the seasoning rub. Apply the rub to the brisket.nPlace the brisket on the smoker. Add more woodchips as necessary to supply smoke throughout cooking. Cook the brisket until it reaches and internal temperature of 170 degrees F, 4 to 5 hours.nCarefully wrap the brisket in foil or butcher paper and return to the smoker. Continue cooking until the brisket reaches an internal temperature of 190 degrees F, 1 to 2 more hours.nRest the meat, still wrapped, for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nUnwrap the brisket and slice the meat against the grain to serve., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 1 cup coarsely ground black pepper, 1 brisket flat 5 to 8 pounds], title: Salt and Pepper Brisket, picturelink: null}, 37715: {instructions: For the chow chow: Combine the vinegar and sugar into large saucepot and heat over medium heat. Reduce by half, and then add the mustard seeds, turmeric, celery seeds and crushed red pepper. Add the tomatoes, peppers, onions and cabbage. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes. Fold in the blanched butterbeans and yellow mustard. Season with salt. Remove from heat and let cool. For the cornbread puree: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Stir together the cornmeal, bacon fat, baking powder, baking soda, egg and pinch of salt in a 6inch ovenproof skillet and bake until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Once the cornbread is cooked, crumble into a large saucepot and add the buttermilk until a porridge consistency is reached. Simmer over low heat and season with hot sauce, salt and pepper. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. For the fillet: Add the canola oil to a hot skillet over medium heat. Place the fish skinside down for 3 minutes. Turn the fish and cook until the skin is crispy and golden brown, about 2 minutes. To serve, place the sheepshead fillet over the cornbread puree and top with the butterbean chow chow. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 quarts apple cider vinegar, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons turmeric, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 6 green tomatoes, diced, 4 red peppers, diced, 2 jalapenos, minced, 2 yellow onions, diced, 1 small head cabbage, diced, 1 12 cups butterbeans, blanched, 1 cup yellow mustard, Salt, 2 cups cornmeal, 2 tablespoons bacon fat, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 egg, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups buttermilk, Hot sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 5 to 6ounce sheepshead fillet, skin on and scaled, 12 tablespoons canola oil], title: Sheepshead Fillet with Cornbread Puree and Butterbean Chow Chow, picturelink: null}, 37716: {instructions: Cook white beans according to directions on package until slightly tender. In a saucepan combine the remaining ingredients and simmer for 45 minutes. It is important to cook the beans and make the sauce at the same time so that the hot beans will absorb the hot sauce. Season to taste with honey, salt and pepper. The beans should cook an additional 30 minutes in the sauce so that they are tender and have fully absorbed the flavor., ingredients: [2 pounds navy or small white beans, soaked overnight, 2 cups chopped white onions, 2 cups chopped red onions, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 14 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons dark chili powder, 2 chopped canned chipotle chilies, 1 pound canned plum tomatoes, 12 cup molasses, Honey, Salt and pepper], title: Molasses Bbq Beans, picturelink: BsxG9z2XNunndD6UJ3XLaSrDF1jHgTe}, 37717: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a fork, mash together the butter, Monterrey Jack, herbs, Parmesan, smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl until combined. Spoon onto a piece of nonstick aluminum foil and, using one side to press, form into a 6inch log. Wrap the foil around the log, twist the ends closed and place in the freezer until firm, about 20 minutes.n2. Using a sharp knife, cut a series of slits into each potato, with about 18inch between slits and cutting about threequarters of the way through. Unwrap the butter log and thinly slice twothirds of it into about 24 rounds. Slip the butter slices into every 3 to 4 slits of each potato, using about 6 slices per potato. Wrap each potato tightly in nonstick aluminum foil, sealing the foil on the top side of the potato.n3. Place directly on the oven rack and bake until very tender, about 1 hour. Carefully open the top of each potato package to let out the steam and expose the tops. Bake until browned and crisped, about 10 minutes more. Unwrap each potato and drizzle with any accumulated flavored butter from the foil., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup shredded Monterrey Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley and chives, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium russet potatoes about 8 to 10 ounces each], title: Hedgehog Roasted Potatoes with Cheese and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 37718: {instructions: In 2 quart sauce pan pot over medium heat, bring chicken stock to a rapid boil. Add grits whipping continuously for approximately 3 minutes. Make sure that the grits do not develop lumps. Reduce heat to low. Cook grits for approximately 5 minutes. Add butter and cheese. Mix well. Remove sauce pot from heat. Keep warm to serve with the Pork Chops.nPlace a large cast iron skillet on medium heat. Add vegetable oil. Season pork chops with salt and pepper. Dredge pork chops in seasoned flour. When oil is hot, approximately 325 degrees, place pork chops in skillet. Cook pork chops on each side approximately 5 minutes. Be careful not to burn. Remove pork chops from skillet and set aside. Pour fat from skillet leaving about 4 tablespoons of oil. Do not scrape skillet. Return skillet to heat. Add 4 tablespoon of flour to oil stirring occasionally, allowing flour to brown. Add warm chicken stock. Whisk chicken stock, and flour mixture carefully to prevent lumps. Return pork chops to skillet. Add onions. Cover and simmer on low 25 to 30 minutes or until pork chops are tender. To assemble the dish, remove pork chops from pan and plate one with the Cheese Grits. Spoon some of the pan gravy and onions over the chops., ingredients: [6 cups chicken stock, 2 cups grits Quick Grits, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 cup cheddar cheese, 1 14 cup vegetable oil, 4 6ounce center cut pork chops with bone, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup plus 4 tablespoon for dredging and the gravy, 4 cups chicken stock warm, 1 large onion, thinly sliced], title: Smothered Pork Chops and Cheese Grits, picturelink: null}, 37719: {instructions: Combine chiles, cheese, and cilantro in a medium bowl and toss to evenly mix.nHeat a seasoned cast iron skillet or a large frying pan over medium heat. Add 1 quesadilla and cook until soft, about 15 to 30 seconds.nAdd 12 cup cheese mixture on one half, fold in half, and cook until cheese is melted and tortilla is golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Repeat for remaining quesadillas. Cut each quesadilla into 4 wedges and serve with tomatillo salsa., ingredients: [4 medium roasted jalapenos, halved lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced crosswise, 1 cup shredded jack cheese, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup shredded provolone cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 6 6inch flour tortillas, Tomatillo Salsa, for serving], title: Three Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 37720: {instructions: Spray a half sheet pan with nonstick spray and set aside.nPlace the milk, sugar, yeast, flour, egg yolks, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine on low speed for 1 minute. Change the paddle attachment to the dough hook and rest the dough for 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd 2 ounces of the room temperature butter and mix on low speed. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl and you are able to gently pull the dough into a thin sheet that light will pass through, about 8 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and roll and shape with hands to form a large ball. Return dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside in a warm, dry place to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nRemove the dough from the bowl and roll into a 16 by 3inch log. Use a bench knife to cut the dough into 1 34ounce portions, about 16 rolls. Using your loosely cupped hand, roll each portion on the counter until they tighten into small balls. Working 1 at a time, use a rolling pin to roll each small ball into a 3inch circle or oval. Use the side of your hand or a small dowel to make an indentation across the middle of the circle. Place a small pat of chilled butter into the center of the indentation, then fold in half and gently press to seal the edges. Place the rolls, topside down, onto the prepared sheet pan, spacing them evenly. Melt the remaining 1 ounce butter and brush the tops of the rolls. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm, dry place to rise until doubled in size, 30 to 40 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap and bake until the rolls reach an internal temperature of 200 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes. Rotate the pan halfway through baking.nRemove the pan to a cooling rack and cool for 2 to 3 minutes before serving.nFor Brown and Serve option:nAssemble rolls as above, but bake as follows.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nBake until the outside of the rolls just begin to set but have not browned and the internal temperature is 185 degrees, about 30 minutes. Remove and cool on the pan for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, remove the rolls from the pan and place on a cooling rack until they are room temperature, 30 to 40 minutes. Place the rolls in bags and freeze for up to 3 months.nTo Finish:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Thaw the rolls for 60 to 90 minutes.nSpray a sheet pan with nonstick spray. Place the rolls on the prepared sheet pan and bake until the rolls reach an internal temperature of 200 degrees F. Rotate the pan halfway through baking, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the pan to a cooling rack and cool for 2 to 3 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 8 ounces warm whole milk 100 degrees F, 2 14 ounces sugar about 13 cup, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 15 ounces allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 2 egg yolks, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 3 ounces at room temperature, 1 ounce chilled and cut into 16 small cubes], title: Parker House Rolls, picturelink: 6A4WqQgnohxJ8ZXFqfIhdUjjdrckY.u}, 37721: {instructions: Run the almond, potatoes and onions through a meat grinder, allowing the mixture to drop into a bowl with a little corn oil at the bottom. Combine the potato mixture with tarama and transfer it to a standing mixing bowl. Fit the mixer with a paddle attachment. Add lemon juice and mix on 2 speed. Add corn oil in a slow steady stream. If mixture gets too thick, ad a splash of seltzer. Continue to add oil until it is fully blended. Add olive oil in slow steady stream. Combine and finish with seltzer until mix is the consistency of light mashed potatoes., ingredients: [4 ounces almonds, blanched and sliced, 113 pounds Idaho potato, boiled with skin, peeled and chilled, 12 yellow onion, peeled and cut into thirds, 114 pounds tarama, 8 ounces corn oil, 8 ounces lemon juice, 1 14 pounds tarama, 5 ounces seltzer], title: Taramasalata, picturelink: null}, 37722: {instructions: Heat the oyster sauce and soy sauce and bring to a boil, then whisk in butter., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 pound butter], title: Soy Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37723: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the butter and granulated sugar and beat, with a whisk or hand mixer, until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides periodically. Add the orange zest and beat in thenwhole eggs one at a time. Stir in the vanilla.nGently mix in the flour, baking powder and salt. Once the flour is incorporated, fold in the almonds, raisins and anise.nDivide the dough into two pieces. If the dough is sticky, dust your hands with a little flour. Roll the dough into two logs the length of a sheet tray and place on the tray. Beat the egg white with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Brush the logs with the egg white and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Bake until dark golden brown, slightly crisp around the edges and still a bit soft in the middle, about 30 minutes.nRemove from the oven to a cutting board and slice on the bias with a serrated knife while they are still warm. Slicing while warm will prevent crumbling.nLay the biscotti back on the sheet trays, cutsides down, and return to the oven until a little more golden around the edges, another 10 minutes. This will harden the biscotti but not make them like rocks.nRemove from the oven to a serving platter and serve with coffee or Vin Santo for dipping.nBiscolicious, ingredients: [1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 orange, zested, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 12 cup whole blanched almonds, toasted, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon anise seeds, 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar, Coffee or Vin Santo, for dipping], title: Almond and Raisin Biscotti, picturelink: T7CddJ0Mxoek9ShObuX.jTWS6LLv0bq}, 37724: {instructions: Make sure the fish has had all its scales removed, and that the inside cavity is clean. If there are any scales left, remove them using the back of a knife to scrape the skin from tail to head. Pat the skin dry with a towel.nPrepare smoker and bring heat to 400degreesF 200 degrees C. We recommend oak or hickory as the smoke wood.nIn a blender, puree the olive oil, garlic, 5 cups 300 g parsley leaves, rosemary, lemon juice, salt, and pepper until smooth. Coat the fish with the herb mixture inside and out. Stuff the cavity with the basil, tarragon, thyme, and remaining 1 bunch parsley.nTransfer fish to a large foillined baking sheet, and smoke for 5 minutes for every inch 2.5 cm the fish measures at its largest circumference, or until the fishs internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F 60 degrees C.nTo serve, gently transfer roasted fish to a large platter or cutting board and drizzle with Rocket Pesto. Serve with Cheesy Grilled Corn.nPesto is traditionally made with basil, garlic, parmesan or pecorino cheese, pine nuts, and olive oil, but we thought wed shake things up a bit by replacing the basil with arugula and substituting pistachios for pine nuts.nIn a food processor, puree the pistachios, garlic, and cheese. Add arugula and pulse to combine. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nGrilled corn with cotija cheese a hard, dry cheese named for the town in Mexico from whence it originates, mayonnaise, and a dusting of chili powder is popular street food in Mexico. One bite and its easy to see why. Heres our version.nIn the bowl of a food processor, puree the egg yolks, garlic, and lemon juice. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in oil to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and reserve.nPrepare grill. When fire is mediumhot you should not be able to hold your hand over the coals for more than 10 seconds, grill corn for about 5 minutes, rolling it to toast all sides and keep it from burning C. Remove from grill and slather with aioli, then sprinkle with queso fresco and chili powder. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 whole striped bass or salmon, around 20 to 30 pounds 9 to 13.7 kg, scaled, 2 cups 475 ml olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 5 cups 300 g fresh Italian parsley leaves, plus 1 whole bunch fresh Italian parsley, 8 sprigs rosemary, needles removed and stems discarded, 1 cup 235 ml fresh lemon juice, 14 cup 75 g kosher salt, 2 tablespoons 12 g ground black pepper, 2 cups 80 g loosely packed basil leaves, 10 tarragon sprigs, 12 thyme sprigs, Rocket Pesto recipe follows, Cheesy Grilled Corn recipe follows, 1 pound 455 g arugula also known as rocket, 1 12 cups 220 g pistachios, shells removed, toasted, 2 cups 475 ml olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 12 cup 50 g grated ParmigianoReggiano, 20 ears corn, shucked, snapped in half, and blanched for 30 seconds, 4 cups 480 g crumbled queso fresco if you cant find queso fresco, feta works as well, 12 cup 64 g chili powder, 2 egg yolks, 10 limes, cut into 6 wedges each, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons 30 ml fresh lemon juice, 2 cups 475 ml vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste], title: Whole SmokeRoasted Striped Bass and Rocket Pesto, picturelink: Ri6atlQgHO9C0srn61oXbI5HoXyK5dO}, 37725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepot, melt the butter and add the oats. Stir for 2 minutes to toast. Add the boiling water and reduce heat to a simmer. Keep at a low simmer for 25 minutes, without stirring.nCombine the milk and half of the buttermilk with the oatmeal. Stir gently to combine and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Spoon into a serving bowl and top with remaining buttermilk, brown sugar, and cinnamon., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup steel cut oats, 3 cups boiling water, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon lowfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Steel Cut Oatmeal, picturelink: JYi2VMmsmaRzITxfedUOZ0NalpNKH5i}, 37726: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the turkey: Four days before service, place the salt, sage, thyme, black peppercorns, and allspice into a spice grinder and pulse until the peppercorns and allspice are coarsely ground, 5 to 6 pulses. Set aside.nSet the turkey, breastside down, on a large cutting board with the tail closest to you. Use an electric knife or heavyduty kitchen shears to cut up one side of the backbone. Turn the bird around and cut back down the other side of the spine. Reserve the backbone for Giblet Stock. Discard any fat pockets or excess skin found inside the turkey. Turn the turkey breastside up and use the heel of your hands to press down on both breasts, until you hear a cracking sound and the bird has flattened slightly.nRub the seasoned salt on both sides of the turkey. Place the turkey on a parchment paper lined half sheet pan, breastside up with legs running with the long side of the pan. Store, uncovered, in the refrigerator for 4 days.nRemove the turkey from the refrigerator and leave at room temperature for 1 hour.nFor the panzanella: Place the parsnips and rutabaga in a large nonstick roasting pan, toss with vegetable oil and set aside.nPlace one rack in the middle of the oven and a second one far enough below so the roasting pan will fit. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the turkey directly on the middle rack of the oven with the legs perpendicular to the metal bars of the rack.nPlace the roasting pan with the parsnips and rutabaga on the rack below the turkey and roast both for 30 minutes.nReduce the heat to 350 degrees F. Add the red onion to the roasting vegetables and stir to combine. Continue to roast both the vegetables and the turkey until a probe thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 155 degrees F, an additional 40 to 50 minutes.nRemove the turkey from the oven onto a cooling rack set inside a half sheet pan and rest for 30 minutes.nAdd the Brussels sprouts, bread cubes and garlic to the roasting vegetables, stir to combine and roast for an additional 15 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the oven and immediately transfer to a serving bowl. Pour the apple cider vinegar in the warm roasting pan, stir and scrape off any browned bits from the pan. Pour the vinegar mixture over the salad, add the thyme and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper as desired. Serve warm or at room temperature.nCarve the turkey with an electric knife and serve with the panzanella., ingredients: [3 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons rubbed sage, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 14 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon whole allspice berries, 1 13 to 14 pound whole turkey, neck and giblets removed and reserved for Giblet Stock, 1 12 pounds parsnips, peeled and cubed into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 pound red onion, diced into 12inch pieces, 8 ounces medium Brussels sprouts, shredded on the thin slicing blade of a food processor, 8 ounces hearty sourdough or multigrain bread, cut into 12inch cubes and staled, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Butterflied, Dry Brined Roasted Turkey with Roasted Root Vegetable Panzanella, picturelink: 6HB2ZbWgf6bCwC7pZEOesGerHbMBSu}, 37727: {instructions: Rice potatoes. Whisk in butter, sour cream, and yolks. Fold in cheese and scallions. Season to taste. Chill for 1 hour.nForm into cakes 2 by 1 inch. Heat the oil and butter in a skillet on medium heat, until butter starts to foam. Gently place cakes in the pan and cook for approximately 3 minutes on each side or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and boiled, 2 ounces butter, 2 ounces sour cream, 2 egg yolks, 4 ounces grated white cheddar, 2 scallions minced, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: PotatoCheese Croquette, picturelink: null}, 37728: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat, brown the sausage. Use a potato masher to press the sausage in the pan. It assures a nice crust forms on the sausage. Then, using a wooden spoon, break apart the sausage as it cooks. Once the sausage is brown, add in the celery, apples and onion and saute until fragrant and softened, about 5 minutes. Add in the parsley, sage and thyme, and then add the chicken stock and scrape up any brown bits that have formed on the bottom of the pan. Season with pepper, turn off the heat and set aside.nAdd the bread cubes to a large mixing bowl and add the sauteed sausage and vegetable mixture. Toss to combine, and then add in the dried cranberries. Once the mixture has cooled slightly, add in the eggs and toss until all ingredients are combined.nLine each cup of 2 nonstick muffin pans with 2 slices prosciutto. Let the prosciutto hang over the cups. As they bake, this becomes crispy and delicious, plus the prosciutto shrinks up a bit as it cooks as well. Press the prosciutto slices into the muffin cups to create space for the stuffing.nOnce the muffin cups are lined, fill each cup with a heaping amount of stuffing.nBake the stuffing cups until golden brown on top and the prosciutto is nice and crispy around the sides, 20 to 25 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the oven and let cool in the muffin tins until they are cool enough to touch, 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove, serve and enjoy, ingredients: [12 ounces fennel sausage, bulk or removed from casing, 12 ounces hot Italian sausage, bulk or removed from casing, 5 ribs celery, minced, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced into 14inch cubes, 1 onion, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh minced parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh minced sage, 1 tablespoon fresh minced thyme, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12ounce bag cubed countrystyle stuffing recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 2 cup dried cranberries, 4 large eggs, beaten, 48 pieces prosciutto di Parma, thinly sliced], title: Crispy Prosciutto Cups with Sausage and Apple Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 37729: {instructions: Find 2 heavy skillets that will nest together. Two 10inch cast iron skillets are ideal. Heat them over high heat.nMeanwhile, spread mustard on one slice of bread. Distribute the cheese evenly over the mustard, season with fresh black pepper and top with second piece of bread.nSpritz the bread surface thats staring up at you with olive oil using either a Misto or a pump sprayer. A light coat will do, dont soak.nWhen the pans are hot enough to vigorously sizzle a drop of water, remove them from the heat and place the sandwich, topside down in the middle of one pan. if your pans are a different size, this would be the smaller one. Spritz the slice now facing you, as well as the bottom of the other skillet. Lay the skillet right on top of the sandwich. If the top pan isnt cast iron, weigh it down with a brick, can, or something of similar heft.nWait patiently, crack a beer. When you hear the first bit of cheese run out and sizzle on the pan, its done. This will take anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes.nCarefully remove the top skillet, you may need to coax it off with a spatula, but I doubt it. Just look at it. Its perfect ... better than moms. no reason to tell hernRemove to a plate, count to 10 and slice it in half. Take a bite. Take another. So they lost ... theres always next year., ingredients: [2 slices of bread, cut thin as far as bread selection goes, all Ill say is the bigger the loaf the bigger the sandwich, 1 teaspoon or more smooth Dijon mustard, 1 cup Grated cheese, Semihard, semisoft combo like smoked gouda and Gruyere or Fontina with a young Asiago., Good quality olive oil for spritzing.], title: Big Cheese Squeeze, picturelink: null}, 37730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brownies: Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch ceramic or glass baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Line the dish with a 15inchsquare piece of parchment paper, allowing the excess paper to overhang the sides. Spray the parchment paper with vegetable oil cooking spray.nBlend together the brownie mix, eggs, vegetable oil, 14 cup water, cinnamon and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Beat the mixture for 1 minute using an electric hand mixer on medium speed. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted about 1inch from the edge of the baking dish comes out clean, 25 to 27 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack to cool for 1 hour.nFor the buttercream: Place the cream and chocolate chips in a medium bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove the bowl from the pan and refrigerate until thick, 20 minutes. Add the butter and cocoa powder and beat the mixture on high speed until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Spread the buttercream over the cooled brownie layer. Dust with the cinnamon and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nLift the brownie layer from the pan, using the excess paper for handles. Run a thin spatula underneath the brownie layer to loosen it from the parchment paper. Cut into 24 brownies and serve.nCooks Note: The buttercream can be made ahead of time. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Allow the buttercream to come to room temperature for 30 minutes then beat until smooth enough to spread., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, for greasing pan, One 21ounce box brownie mix, such as Duncan Hines Chewy Fudge, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghiradelli, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, Ground cinnamon, for dusting], title: Spicy CinnamonChocolate Brownies, picturelink: zkJPHPt6bl5wd0NNcgg6VCAPdC8vMzi}, 37731: {instructions: Special equipment: One 10 x 15inch jellyroll pan, butterednSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nFor the cake batter, in a large mixing bowl, beat the butter and sugar until theyre soft and light. Add the 3 eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla. In another bowl, stir the yolks into the milk. Sift together the flour and baking powder and stir into the batter in 3 additions, alternating with the yolks and milk, beginning and ending with the flour. Spread the batter in the prepared pan.nScatter the blueberries evenly over the batter, and press them in gently.nTo make the crumbs, mix the dry ingredients in a bowl. Stir in the melted butter. Rub the mixture to coarse crumbs by hand. Scatter the crumbs over the berries as evenly as possible.nBake the cake for 50 to 60 minutes, until the batter is firm and the crumbs are wellcolored.nCool the cake in the pan on a rack. Cut the cooled cake into fifteen 3inch squares. Remove the squares from the pan to a platter.nServe the cake squares as a casual desserttheyre great for a picnic. Store loosely covered at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 eggs plus 3 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup milk or buttermilk, 2 12 cups bleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 quart blueberries, rinsed, picked over, and dried, 2 cups bleached allpurpose flour, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted], title: Blueberry Crumb Cake Squares, picturelink: null}, 37732: {instructions: Lightly butter an 8inch square pan.nIn a large pot, melt the butter over very low heat. Stir in the marshmallows, getting them all coated with the butter. Slowly melt the marshmallows, stirring frequently. When the marshmallows are melted and smooth, remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the instant coffee 2 tablespoons for a rich coffee flavor, 3 tablespoons for a real kick and mix until it is dissolved into the melted marshmallow. Gently fold in the rice cereal. When it is completely coated, lightly press the mixture into the prepared pan with your buttered hands. When cool, cut the treats into bars and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing pan and hands, 1 10ounce package mini marshmallows, 2 to 3 tablespoons instant coffee or espresso, 6 cups rice cereal recommended: Rice Krispies], title: Coffee Marshmallow Crispy Treats, picturelink: l6QrfdTtrQHRwDk3jgYNKBSE6m437s2}, 37733: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the flour on a worktable. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil, yeast, eggs, 14 cup sugar, grappa, and 12 the grapes. Combine the ingredients together and knead until the mixture becomes an even dough. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb all the liquids.nRoll out the dough to a 12inch thickness. Line a baking tray with parchment paper and spread the dough on the tray. Add the remaining grapes and squish some of the grapes to release the juices, while leaving the others whole. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup sugar and drizzle with olive oil.nBake for approximately 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 to 5 cups1 to 1.25 L allpurpose flour, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounce15 g packet yeast, 2 eggs, 12 cup125 ml sugar, 12 cup125 ml grappa, or as much as you want, Bunch grapes, Water, optional], title: Torta dUva: Grape Cake, picturelink: null}, 37734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRinse the turkey, pat it dry, and season it inside and out with salt and pepper. Pack the neck cavity with 1 lemon wedge, 1 thyme sprig, and 1 slice of bread. Fold the neck skin under the body, and fasten it with a skewer. Fill the body cavity with apple, onion, 3 thyme sprigs, lemon wedge, and remaining slice of bread. Truss the turkey. Rub turkey with remaining 3 thyme sprigs, then rub turkey with softened butter. Place on rack in roasting pan.nRoast for 30 minutes, then reduce temperature to 325 degrees and add water to roasting pan. Roast the turkey, basting it every 20 minutes, for another 2 12 to 3 hours, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the fleshy part of the thigh registers 180 degrees and the juices run clear when the thigh is pierced. Transfer the turkey to a heated platter, reserving the juices in the roasting pan, discard the string, and keep the turkey warm, covered loosely with foil.nFor the Gravy: Skim all the fat from the roasting pan juices, reserving 13 cup of the fat, and add the cider and vinegar to the pan. Deglaze the pan over moderately high heat, scraping up the brown bits, and boil the mixture until it is reduced by 12. In a saucepan, combine the reserved fat and the flour and cook the roux over moderately low heat, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add the cider mixture and the stock in a stream, whisking, bring the mixture to a boil, whisking, and simmer the gravy, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Season the gravy with salt and pepper and transfer it to a heated sauceboat.nGarnish the turkey with the herb sprigs and serve it with the gravy., ingredients: [1 12 to 14 pound turkey, Salt and pepper, 12 lemon, cut into 2 wedges, 7 large sprigs thyme, 2 slices sandwich bread, 12 Granny Smith apple, quartered lengthwise, 12 onion, quartered lengthwise, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, softened, 1 cup water, 1 cup apple cider, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, Salt and pepper, Rosemary, and thyme sprigs, for garnish], title: Thyme Roasted Turkey with Cider Gravy, picturelink: null}, 37735: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and slice them into thin 18inch thick slices. Put them into a large bowl and toss with the thyme, rosemary, and olive oil season with salt and pepper. Place a large skillet onto the grill and coat the bottom with olive oil. Place the slices into the pan, overlapping them in 1 layer until the entire surface is covered with potatoes. Drizzle some more olive oil over the top. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the bottoms are browned and crisp. Turn the potatoes over and cook the other side until they are browned and crisp.nIn a food processor add the olives, capers, garlic, and parsley. Process, adding some olive oil in a thin stream, until you have a smooth puree. Mix in the lemon juice and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nCoat the bottom of a large platter with some of the salsa, pile the potatoes on top, and drizzle on some more salsa., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup green olives, pitted and chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 bunch fresh parsley, leaves chopped, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Crisp Potatoes with Salsa Verde Drizzle, picturelink: null}, 37736: {instructions: Clean livers of excess fat and blood vessels. Rinse under cold water, pat dry with a paper towel, and set aside.nPlace butter in a large saute pan set over medium heat. Add shallot and bay leaves, and cook until shallot is translucent. Increase heat to high add livers and capers, and cook until liver centers are pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer livers to a plate.nReserving liquid in pan, add Marsala wine. Using a wooden spoon, scrape up any brown bits. Cook until liquid is reduced by half, about 3 minutes.nRemove bay leaves transfer pan to a heatproof surface to cool, about 1 hour. Place livers and liquid in the bowl of a food processor, puree until smooth. Transfer to a covered container chill. When ready to serve, brush bread slices with olive oil, and toast. Garnish spread with additional capers and anchovy fillets serve toasted crostini on the side., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken livers, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 shallot, finely diced, 3 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons capers, plus more for garnish, 13 cup Marsala wine, 1 baguette, cut into 12inch slices, Olive oil, for brushing, Anchovy fillets, for garnish], title: Chicken Liver Crostini, picturelink: null}, 37737: {instructions: Melt butter into fondue pot or saucepan. Stir in flour. Cook for one minute, stir in milk until thick. Add Gruyere cheese and Appenzeller cheese. Add wine. Stir until smooth. Keep warm on a low flame. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 14 cups milk, 8 ounces Gruyere Cheese, 8 ounces Appenzeller cheese Soaked in apple wine, 12 cup white wine, Freshly ground white pepper and salt to taste, Vegetables steamed off:, Broccoli, Cauliflower, Asparagus, New potatoes, Cured German sausage, Grilled Chicken breast, Prosciutto, Swedish Meatballs, Cooked and Cubed Sirloin Steak, Apples, Grapes, Cubed Bread], title: Fondue, picturelink: null}, 37738: {instructions: In a small bowl or 2cup measuring cup, beat the egg until foamy. Add buttermilk and vanilla and blend well. Add the baking soda, one teaspoonful at a time, sprinkling it in and beating until the mixture is smooth and the consistency of light cream. Add the lemon juice all at once and blend into the mixture. Stir, do not beat you want it creamy but without a lot of air. The mixture will congeal into a pasty lump. Scoop it out of the bowl using a spatula and spread it on a floured surface. Sift the flour and 34 cup sugar together and use the fingertips to work it into the egglemon mixture. With a floured rolling pin, roll the dough out 132 inches thick, and with the tip of a sharp knife, cut the angel shapes and twist up the edges to form a shelllike curve about 38 inch high. Sprinkle on the remainder of the sugar. Brush each angel with melted butter. Place angels one inch apart on an ungreased baking sheet and bake for 12 minutes or until golden., ingredients: [1 egg, 12 cup buttermilk or 14 cup milk mixed with 14 cup vinegar, 5 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup lemon juice, 1 14 cups sugar, 78 cup allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons butter or margarine, melted], title: Swedish Lemon Angels, picturelink: null}, 37739: {instructions: For the spice mix: Mix the ingredients for the spice mix together.nFor the steak: Remove the steak from refrigeration 1 hour before cooking to allow steak to come to room temperature. Rub the steak with 1 tablespoon olive oil, then rub the spice mix on to the steak. Set aside.nFor the tomato relish: Remove stems from tomatoes and cut the larger ones in half. In a bowl, combine the tomatoes, jalapeno, shallots, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, parsley, cilantro and salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large cast iron skillet or saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil. When smoking hot sear the steak on all sides and place in the preheated oven. Allow the steak to roast until its internal temperature is 100 to 105 degrees F on a meat thermometer. Remove it from the oven and place steak on a cooling rack. Allow the steak to rest on the rack for 10 minutes.nRemove the steak to a cutting board and slice 4 to 5 slices out of the eye of the steak, leaving some meat on the bone. Spoon the tomato relish over the top of the steak where the bone meets the slices.nThis dish is great with medium to heavy red wine or with a medium to intense beer., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground coriander seed, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground coffee beans, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black peppercorns, 1 bonein ribeye steak approximately 36 ounces, frenched, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 pints assorted baby tomatoes pear tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, 2 medium shallots, finely diced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jans Cowboy Steak with Tomato Relish, picturelink: 52rOTXefZMCPb4NqgAxa7ybGS9soW}, 37740: {instructions: In a medium lightcolored skillet, melt 16 tablespoons 2 sticks of the butter over mediumhigh heat. Cook, swirling the pan occasionally, until the milk solids are golden brown and the butter smells nutty, 4 to 6 minutes. Immediately transfer the butter to a large bowl this will be for the cake batter be sure to scrape out the browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Wipe the skillet out and repeat the same process with the remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Transfer the butter to a medium bowl this will be for the glaze. Set both bowls aside until the butter has solidified to the texture of softened butter.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 4 12 by 8 12inch loaf pan.nTo prepare the cake, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Add the granulated sugar to the 2 sticks of browned butter and beat the mixture with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Then add the vanilla bean seeds. Beat in the flour mixture just until combined. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan.nBake until the cake is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 60 to 70 minutes. Transfer the cake to a rack to cool for 20 minutes, then remove the cake from the pan and let cool completely.nAdd the cream cheese to the 3 tablespoons browned butter and beat with an electric mixer on medium until fluffy. Beat in the confectioners sugar. Add enough milk to the mixture to make a thick but pourable glaze. Top the cooled cake with the glaze before slicing., ingredients: [19 tablespoons 2 sticks plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 to 4 tablespoons warm milk], title: Browned Butter Pound Cake, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 37741: {instructions: Place the clams in a large bowl, fill with cold water and let soak for 5 minutes. Slightly agitate the clams with your hands so they release any sand, which will drop to the bottom of the bowl. Refill the water and repeat this process until no sand remains.nHeat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter. When the butter is melted, add the onions and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, caraway seeds and thyme and continue to cook for 2 minutes.nAdd the potatoes, beer and clams and cover. Allow the clams to cook until they are cooked through and open, 5 to 6 minutes. Make sure to shake the pot every 2 minutes or so to agitate the clams to help them to open up and keep them cover in liquid.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the cooked clams to a large bowl. Discard any unopened clams. Continue to simmer the cooking liquid uncovered until the sauce is slightly reduced, 6 to 7 minutes.nTake the liquid off the heat, stir in the chopped parsley and remaining tablespoon butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place the clams in individual bowls, cover with the liquid and serve with crusty bread on the side.nCooks Note: If you cant find clams, mussel will also work for this recipe., ingredients: [4 to 5 pounds small clams, such as savory, Manila or littlenecks, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, 3 red bliss potatoes, cubed, 2 bottles Belgium beer, 3 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 loaf crusty bread, for serving], title: Belgianish Clams, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 37742: {instructions: Whisk together the Base Vinaigrette, goat cheese, blackberry puree and chives in a medium bowl until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, shallots and 1 teaspoon water. Slowly stream in the oils while whisking. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup Base Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 23 cup crumbled goat cheese, 14 cup fresh blackberries, pureed, 1 tablespoon minced chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Goat Cheese and Blackberry Vinagrette, picturelink: zEwamkhmAHqTTLn.czuLV.DKm5V74e}, 37743: {instructions: Heat waffle maker. Grease with vegetable oil or shortening.nIn medium bowl, stir pancake mix, sugar, poppy seed, water, lemon peel and lemon juice with fork or wire whisk until smooth.nPour batter onto center of waffle maker. Bake about 5 minutes or until steaming stops.nServe waffles topped with yogurt and fruit., ingredients: [2 cups Fiber One Complete pancake mix from 28.3oz box, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon poppy seed, 1 cup cold water, 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel, 4 cups fresh lemon juice, 2 containers 6 oz each Yoplait Light Fat Free lemon cream pie or very vanilla yogurt, Fresh fruit, if desired], title: Lemon Poppy Seed Waffles, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 37744: {instructions: Place the beets in boiling water to which 1 tablespoon of salt has been added. Return to the boil, reduce the heat, and cook gently until the beets are tender, about 30 to 40 minutes.nRemove from the heat and allow the beets to cool completely in their cooking liquid before draining. Discard the water and slip the beets out of their skins using paper towels to grasp the beets. Cut the beets into wedges.nHeat the butter in a small saucepan, add the beets and cook for several minutes before adding the mint. Shake to coat well. Add the lemon juice and the salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds beets, 1 quart salted water, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped mint, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper], title: Minted Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 37745: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small sauce pan over high heat, combine sugar and water and bring to a boil. Turn off heat and cool. In a mixing glass, muddle lemon, add bourbon, simple syrup, ice, and triple sec. Shake and pour into a Collins glass, finished with a splash of soda on top. Squeeze a lemon slice on top.nWhen we did this in the food processor, it was hard to get the sourdough pretzels to the right shape., ingredients: [2 ounces simple syrup 2 ounces sugar and 2 ounces water, 2 medium slices fresh lemon, plus extra for garnish, 1 12 ounces Gentleman Jack bourbon, Ice, 1 ounce Triple sec or Cointreau, splash of club soda.], title: Tennessee Lemonade, picturelink: A3uZRLigngefz696z.Ap2RkOvD6RO4e}, 37746: {instructions: Mix the rose, Sauvignon Blanc, strawberries, rum, vodka, grapes, sugar, lemons, limes, oranges and 1 cup water in a large container. Chill for 12 hours minimum.nPour in the sparkling water just before serving., ingredients: [2 bottles rose wine, 2 bottles Sauvignon Blanc, 2 pints strawberries, halved, 2 cups orangeflavored rum, 2 cups orangeflavored vodka, 1 cup halved red grapes, 1 cup sugar, 3 lemons, sliced, 3 limes, sliced, 3 small oranges, sliced, 1 liter sparkling water], title: Big Time Sangria, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 37747: {}, 37748: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSplit the garlic head in half and rub it cut side down all over the ham. Sprinkle on the salt, cayenne, and thyme and rub it into the ham. Put the ham fat side up into a roasting pan and cook it for about 25 minutes per pound or until the internal temperature registers 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove the ham, cover it with foil, and let it rest for about 15 minutes. The temperature will continue to rise to 160 degrees F. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 1 10 to 12pound fresh ham, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons dried thyme], title: ArgentineStyle Fresh Ham, picturelink: kTySeCQA.5u8HR1q1l5nvlq.ai7.My}, 37749: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nDivide the pie dough into two equal pieces. Roll out the bottom crust and put into a 10inch pie dish. Refrigerate until needed.nRoll out the top crust and using a pastry wheel, cut the dough into 12inch wide strips. Lay these strips on a baking sheet and refrigerate.nCombine the water and sugar in a sauce pan large enough to later add the rhubarb and, over low heat, begin to cook the syrup. Bring to a slow simmer and cook for 2 to 3 minutes before adding the rhubarb pieces. Cook the syrup rhubarb for 5 minutes, remove from the heat and allow to steep for 20 minutes. Strain out the rhubarb and set aside.nMix the almond liqueur with the cornstarch well add a few drops of water if necessary to remove all lumps and stir into the cooled syrup which is now a wonderful rhubarb color. Place this back on the stove and cook the syrup until thick about 5 to 6 minutes.nReturn the rhubarb to the and syrup, add the strawberries and stir to combine. Remove from the heat and cool completely for 1 hour.nPour the fruit filling into the pie dish lined with the bottom crust. Lay half the strips across the top of the pie, leaving 12inch of space between each strip. Brush the strips with the egg wash water mix and lay the remaining strips of dough at a 45 degree angle over the first strips to create a lattice top. Brush these strips with the remaining egg wash.nPlace the pie dish on a cookie sheet and put the cookie sheet and pie dish setup into the oven on a shelf set in the middle of the oven. Bake for 45 minutes, turning the whole setup once so that the pie bakes evenly.nRemove from the oven and allow to cool for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 basic pie dough top and bottom crust, 12 cup water, 1 pound rhubarb stalks, all green leaves discarded, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons almond liqueur, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 pints fresh strawberries, washed, hulled and cut into quarters, 1 egg yolk mixed with 2 tablespoons water], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: null}, 37750: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8 by 8inch baking dish. Line a baking sheet with waxed paper.nUsing either a hand mixer or a stand mixer, cream the sugar and butter until light and creamy. Beat in the molasses and egg and continue beating until fully incorporated. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, ground ginger, baking soda, nutmeg, cloves and salt and mix well.nAlternating the dry ingredients with the milk, slowly add to the wet ingredients, while mixing on low, until fully incorporated. Add 12 of the milk to the creamed butter, then 12 of the flour mixture. Repeat this process and mix until fully combined.nPour the batter into the prepared baking dish. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow the cake to cool.nOnce the cake has cooled, crumble the cake using the tongs of a fork and transfer to a large mixing bowl, making sure to break the cake apart really well. Add the Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting to a bowl and mix thoroughly. Using a small cookie scoop or a tablespoon, portion out the cake truffles and place them on the prepared baking sheet. Once all the balls have been formed, chill the cake truffles for an hour in the refrigerator.nAfter an hour, melt the white chocolate over a double boiler by placing it in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of gently simmering water. Making sure the water doesnt touch the bottom of the bowl.nOnce the chocolate is melted, dip the cake truffles into the chocolate and, using 2 forks, gently turn the cake in the chocolate. Place the chocolate covered cake truffles back on the wax paper and top with the chopped pistachios. Return them to the fridge to set, about 20 minutes. See Cooks NotenUsing a handheld mixer, or a stand mixer, cream the sugar and butter together until light and creamy. Add cream cheese slowly, one piece at a time, fully incorporating it after each addition. Add the grated ginger, juice, zest and vanilla and beat until fluffy and fully combined., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus 1 tablespoon for greasing, 13 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups flour, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup whole milk, Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 12 ounces white chocolate candy melts or other variety that would be appropriate for melting, 1 cup pistachios, shelled and finely chopped, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 13 cup unsalted butter, softened, 8 ounces cream cheese, cut into 4 pieces and softened, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Gingerbread Cake Truffles, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 37751: {instructions: Figure out how much oil you need to fill your fryer: Put the turkey in the empty fryer and cover with cold water. Remove the turkey mark the line where the water is in the pot. Empty the water and dry the fryer and turkey well.nMix the smoked paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne pepper, thyme, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 12 teaspoons black pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle some of the spice rub inside the cavity of the turkey. Separate the skin from the breast meat with your fingers, starting at the top of the breast and sliding to the right and left, then working down. Massage some of the rub onto the meat under the skin. Sprinkle the remaining rub on the turkeys skin. Place the turkey on a sheet tray and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours so the flavors can marry.nFill your fryer with peanut oil to the line you marked do not fill more than threequarters of the way. Preheat the oil to 400 degrees F it will take about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, remove the turkey from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature as your oil heats. Once the oil reaches 400 degrees F, very carefully lower the turkey into the hot oil. Most turkey fryers come with a basket for the turkey that has hooks and a handle to lower and lift otherwise, get yourself a long set of sturdy tongs to grip the inside cavity and breast and an industrial kitchen fork to hold the back side of the bird. Make sure the oil maintains its temperature while frying. Fry the turkey until the skin is dark golden brown and crisp, or until the internal temperature of the breast reaches 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 45 minutes. Carefully remove the turkey from the oil and let it rest and drain on a wire rack, about 30 minutes. Do not cover the turkey with foil or it will lose some of its crispness. The internal temperature will rise to 165 degrees F while resting. Transfer the turkey to a board or platter.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 14pound turkey, giblets removed, washed and dried, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, for frying about 3 gallons], title: Memphis Fried Turkey, picturelink: a4JaOIHmJ9nHBswlEa0TEAHvo0oWje}, 37752: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out 1 pie crust and place it in a pie plate. Mix all of the remaining ingredients together and pour into the unbaked pie crust. Bake for 45 minutes or until pie is firm. Allow to cool completely.nMix flour, shortening, salt and sugar together with a pastry blender until well blended. Slightly beat egg, water and vinegar together with a whisk and pour over the well blended flour mixture. Mix all ingredients together with a fork. Divide crust into 4 equal parts. Roll each with a rolling pin and place into 4 pie pans. Flute edges of crust., ingredients: [1 unbaked pie crust, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cooked, peeled and mashed sweet potatoes, 1 heaping teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk canned, half and half, cream or whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons margarine, melted, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups shortening butter flavored, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 large egg, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar], title: Sweet Potato Yam Pie, picturelink: null}, 37753: {instructions: For the oranges: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch round cake pan and line the bottom with parchment paper butter the parchment.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar, honey and salt and cook until the sugar has melted and turned golden brown, swirling the pan, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and carefully transfer the mixture to the prepared cake pan.nCut the top and bottom off of each orange. Then cut the skin and pith off of each orange by slicing from top to bottom, following the curve of the fruit. Slice the oranges into 14inchthick rounds. Layer the rounds on top of the caramel in the cake pan. Set aside.nFor the cake batter: In a medium bowl, whisk together the almond flour, cornstarch, baking powder and salt. In another medium bowl, beat the butter and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg yolks and vanilla. Add the almond flour mixture to the butter mixture and beat to combine. The batter will be stiff.nIn a clean bowl with clean beaters, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer on high speed until they form mediumstiff peaks, about 2 minutes. Stir in about a third of the egg whites into the almond mixture to loosen it, then gently fold in the remaining whites. Transfer the batter to the pan with the oranges and smooth the top. Bake until the cake is golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 40 to 45 minutes. Let the cake cool in the pan on a wire rack 10 minutes. Carefully flip the cake onto a serving plate. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons honey, Pinch kosher salt, 3 oranges, such as navel or Cara Cara, 1 12 cups almond flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: UpsideDown OrangeAlmond Cake GlutenFree, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 37754: {instructions: Special equipment: kitchen twine and a fish grill basketnPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nSeason the cavity of each trout with salt and pepper. Add 2 sprigs each of dill, parsley and tarragon along with enough lemon slices to line the cavity of each trout. Tie the trout in several places with kitchen twine so the herbs and lemon slices are secured inside.nRub the grill grates with oil and lightly oil a fish grill basket. Place the fish in the basket and grill on 1 side until lightly charred, 7 to 8 minutes. Flip the basket and continue to cook the fish until lightly charred and the flesh is opaque, 6 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the halved lemon to the grill cutside down and cook until charred, about 6 minutes. Gently remove the fish from the basket. Cut the strings, transfer to a serving platter and serve with the grilled lemon halves., ingredients: [4 whole trout about 1 pound each, cleaned, rinsed and patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 sprigs fresh dill, 8 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 8 sprigs fresh tarragon, 2 lemons, 1 sliced and 1 halved, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Whole Trout, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 37755: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 2 cups water, the honey and ginger to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Turn off the heat and let steep for 10 minutes. Strain and refrigerate until cold.nPut 4 cups water, the chilled honey and ginger mixture and the lemon juice in a large pitcher and stir until combined. Pour over ice into your favorite vintage glasses., ingredients: [1 cup honey, 13 cup sliced ginger, 1 12 cups freshsqueezed lemon juice, Ice cubes, for serving], title: HoneyGinger Lemonade, picturelink: 894Hrt8liccgws1Ex6McvNDh8JteLLK}, 37756: {instructions: Place tomatoes, garlic, red onion, jalapenos, 12 cup of cilantro, and 14 cup of the oil into a food processor. Pulse until the consistency of the mixture is course, about 5 1 second pulses. Transfer to a serving bowl and season with salt and pepper. Garnish the salsa with the remaining cilantro and oil., ingredients: [2 pounds heirloom tomatoes all the same color, seeded and cored, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 jalapenos, split and seeded, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Heirloom Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 37757: {instructions: Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to saute pan. When oil is heated, add scallops and shrimp. After about 3 minutes or until shrimp is pink, add calamari. Continue to cook approximately 1 minute or until calamari firms. Set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, add greens, peppers, onion, tomato and cucumber. In a separate bowl, add 2 ounces oil, vinegar, salt and pepper. Whisk until incorporated. Place seafood on salad and then drizzle dressing on top. Add basil for garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 ounces, 14 pound sea scallops, 2 U12 shrimp, shelled and cleaned, 14 pound calamari, cleaned and sliced into rings, 1 cup mixed field greens, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper,chopped, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 12 Bermuda onion, chopped, 1 vine ripened tomato, sliced into wedges, Cucumber slices for garnish, 1ounce vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, Fresh basil for garnish], title: Scallop Salad, picturelink: null}, 37758: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the egg, and beat just until blended. Beat in zests, juice, and almond extract. On low speed, add the flour and cornmeal, and beat until well combined. Remove dough to a piece of plastic wrap. Wrap, and chill until firm, about 1 hour. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silpats French nonstick baking mats or parchment paper. Using a 1 14inch ice cream scoop, form balls of dough about 3 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Flatten balls with the bottom of a glass dipped in cornmeal to 14inch thick. Bake until crisp and light golden brown around the edges, 14 to 16 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, cool completely. Place a wire rack over a sheet of parchment paper. Spoon a little of the glaze onto each cookie, allowing any excess to drip off the edges. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days.nPlace all the ingredients in a medium bowl, stirring until well combined. Use immediately. Yield: about 1 13 cups, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 4 teaspoons lime zest 6 limes, 2 teaspoons orange zest 2 medium oranges, 2 tablespoons lime juice 2 limes, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, plus more for bottom of glass, Lime Glaze, recipe follows, 3 14 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 8 tablespoons lime juice 6 limes, 2 12 teaspoons lime zest 3 limes], title: Lime Cornmeal Glazed Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37759: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan, saute ham, onion, and tomato. Add tomato sauce and mustard. Cook for 5 minutes. In a food processor, puree ham mixture.nCover the clams with the ham spread and bake for 8 minutes., ingredients: [2 ounces Serrano ham, large diced, 12 white onion, medium diced, 1 tomato, medium diced, 3 tablespoons tomato sauce, 2 teaspoons spicy mustard, 12 Little Neck clams, shucked and on the half shell], title: Baked Clams with Serrano Ham Spread, picturelink: null}, 37760: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Transfer to a paper towel lined plate. Add the flour to a medium bowl and dredge the chicken pieces in the flour, shaking off the excess. Add the chicken, in batches if necessary, to the Dutch oven, and lightly brown on each side. Transfer the chicken to a large plate and set aside. Add the mushrooms, carrots, garlic, and onions in the pot and saute until they just begin to brown. Stir in 12 bottle red wine and simmer for 10 minutes. Scrape any brown bits from bottom of pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the chicken broth and the remaining wine and bring back to a light simmer. Add the bacon, chicken, and remaining ingredients to the pot. Simmer for 30 minutes, then transfer the pot to the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the pot from the oven and transfer the chicken and sauce to a serving bowl. Serve with mashed potatoes or some chunks of crusty bread, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 2 cups allpurpose flour, well seasoned, 2 pounds chicken wings, halved at the joint, 2 cups button mushrooms, rinsed, 1 pound baby carrots, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 cups yellow pearl onions, 1 bottle red wine, preferably Cabernet, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 bay leaves, 1 small handful thyme sprigs, Mashed potatoes, optional, for serving, Crusty bread, optional, for serving], title: Fast Coq au Vin, picturelink: null}, 37761: {instructions: Preheat grill to high. Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until the skins are lightly charred.nPlace tomatoes and remaining ingredients, except tarragon, in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the tarragon and pulse a few times. Pour into a bowl and serve at room temperature. Garnish with additional tarragon, if desired., ingredients: [8 plum tomatoes, halved and seeded, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon honey, Few dashes chipotle hot sauce, Few dashes Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus more for garnish], title: Grilled TomatoTarragon Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37762: {instructions: Heat a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until it begins to smoke. Add steak and cook until nicely browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn and cook until browned on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and transfer steak to a plate and set aside.nWhen the skillet has cooled slightly, return it to the stove over mediumlow heat. Add the butter when it melts, add the shallots and saute for 1 minute. Using a spoon, stir in the sherry vinegar until the sauce thickens. Return the steaks to the skillet along with any accumulated juices. Spread the mustard over 1 side of the steak and increase the heat to medium cook, turning the steak after 3 or 4 minutes for medium rare. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Transfer the steak to a serving dish with the pan juices spooned over the steak. Garnish with a sprig of parsley., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 pounds boneless top blade, sirloin, or ribeye steak, about 34inch thick, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sprig of fresh flatleaf parsley, optional], title: Steak with Shallots and Mustard, picturelink: null}, 37763: {instructions: Combine the buttermilk, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Marinate the chicken tenders for minimum of 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a flat dish pour 12 box of crushed shredded wheat. Season with remaining 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Mix well to combine. Dredge chicken tenders in the shredded wheat and place onto a baking sheet. Lightly spray tenders on all sides with canola oil. Bake at 400 degrees F for approximately 1518 minutes. In a small bowl combine mustard and honey.nIn a separate bowl, mix sour cream and ranch seasoning. Remove chicken tenders from oven and place on platter. Serve with dipping sauces., ingredients: [1 lb. chicken tenders, 1 cup lowfat buttermilk, 1 teaspoon salt, divided, 1 teaspoon pepper, divided, 12 box shredded wheat cereal, crushed cornflakes or textured soy protein can be substituted, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup honey, 1 cup light sour cream or nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon packaged ranch dressing seasoning, Canola oil], title: KidFriendly Chicken Fingers, picturelink: null}, 37764: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine water, sugar, cloves, cinnamon stick and cardamom seeds. Bring to a boil, cover and let stand until cold, Store in a covered container until you are ready to use. In a nonreactive saucepan pour red wine. Through a sieve strain sugar mixture into wine. Heat to between 150 degrees and 170 degrees, do not boil. Before serving pour 12ounce of Aquavit into each of 6 8ounce glasses. Add 3 almonds and several raisins to glasses. Pour wine mixture over them. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 4 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 cardamom seeds, crushed, 1 bottle dry red wine, 3 ounces Aquavit, 1 cup whole blanched almonds, lightly toasted, 1 cup raisins], title: Glogg, picturelink: null}, 37765: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon cumin and a pinch each of salt, cinnamon and cayenne toss with 1 head cauliflower florets and 8 halved baby bell peppers on a baking sheet. Roast at 450 degrees F, 15 minutes. Whisk 1 tablespoon each olive oil and lemon juice, 1 teaspoon maple syrup and 12 teaspoon salt toss with the roasted vegetables, 2 sliced celery stalks and some chopped parsley and hazelnuts. Season with salt and black pepper.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [], title: CauliflowerPepper Salad, picturelink: 7asaEZITsxgz8zd11aNPuI.069uKvki}, 37766: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325degrees. Butter molds or casserole. Beat eggs, stir in sugar, cream and milk. Add corn and salt. Mix thoroughly with whisk, pour into baking dishes and sprinkle with nutmeg. Bake in water bath for 45 minutes or until custard is set., ingredients: [For 6 individual 4ounce custard ceramic ramekins, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 2 eggs plus 2 yolks, beaten, 14 cup sugar, 1 14 cup heavy cream, 1 14 cup whole milk, 3 cups fresh corn, cut from the cob, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg], title: Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 37767: {instructions: For the chipotle chicken: Heat the vegetable oil in a large castiron pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic. Add the cider vinegar, adobo sauce, molasses, coriander and chipotle peppers and stir until incorporated. Stir in the chicken and thyme, season with salt and pepper, remove from the heat and set aside.nFor the smashed white beans: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the sage, stir to incorporate and add the white beans. Cook together until the beans are warmed. Remove from the heat and smash with a potato masher or fork. Season with chipotle chili powder, salt and pepper and set aside.nFor the corn salsa: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the corn on the grill and cook until the corn is tender and charred, 8 to10 minutes. Cut the kernels off the cobs and place in a bowl. Add the olive oil, jalapeno, red peppers, cucumber, cilantro and red onion. Season with salt and pepper, toss and set aside.nFor the tomato watermelon salsa: Place the watermelon, cilantro, tomatoes, green onions, lime zest and lime juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper, toss and set aside.nFor the watermelon mint drink: Place 12 cup water and 12 cup sugar in a small pot, bring to a boil and remove from the heat. Add the mint to the pot, allow to sit and infuse syrup for about 15 minutes. Allow the syrup to cool. Strain and discard the mint. Place the mint syrup in the fridge until cold.nPlace half the watermelon in a blender with the lime juice and simple syrup. Puree and pour over a fine strainer into a large pitcher. Repeat with the remaining chopped watermelon and place in the fridge until chilled.nPlace the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar on a plate. Rim the tops of glasses with a lime wedge and press into the sugar to garnish. Place the ice cubes and watermelon mint drink in the glasses, garnish with lime quarters and enjoynTo assemble the chipotle chicken quesadillas: Heat the olive oil in a castiron pan or large saute pan over medium heat. Place desired combinations of smashed white beans, chipotle chicken and cheeses on half of a tortilla. Fold the tortilla over and place in the heated pan. Cook until crispy and golden, about 5 minutes, then flip and repeat on the other side. Remove from the pan and enjoy with tomato watermelon salsa, corn salsa and watermelon mint drink., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, ground, 2 chipotle peppers in canned adobo sauce, chopped, 3 cups shredded chicken left over from a roasted chicken, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, tied with string, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh sage, One 12ounce can white beans, drained and rinsed, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cobs of corn, husked, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 1 small red pepper, seeded and diced, 12 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, stems finely chopped, leaves roughly chopped, 14 medium red onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup diced watermelon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro stems and leaves, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 green onions, finely sliced, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons to rim the glass, 12 bunch fresh mint, 8 cups chopped watermelon, 2 limes, 1 cut in half, 1 into quarters for garnish, 8 ice cubes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 package soft tortilla shells, One 8 to 10ounce wheel of Brie, cut into long pieces, 2 cups shredded aged white Cheddar, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Chipotle Chicken Quesadillas with Smashed White Beans, Corn Salsa, Tomato Watermelon Salsa and Watermelon Mint Drink, picturelink: null}, 37768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large soup pot heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, rosemary, and thyme and saute until the onions are tender, about 2 minutes. Toss the beef cubes in salt and pepper and flour. Turn up the heat to medhigh and add the beef to the pot. Cook until the beef is browned and golden around the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the Marsala wine. Using a wooden spoon, gently stir up all the brown bits off the bottom of the pan. Add the butternut squash and sundried tomatoes and stir to combine. Add enough beef broth to just cover the beef and squash. Bring the stew to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, for 1 hour. Season the stew with additional salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley. Serve with crusty bread alongside., ingredients: [3 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 pounds stew beef, cut into 2inch cubes, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup Marsala wine, 1 pound butternut squash, trimmed and cut into 2inch cubes, 14 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 3 to 4 cups beef broth, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped flatleaf parsley, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Beef and Butternut Squash Stew, picturelink: NthkwcOK94jq4EfMHWBg05GUifPvbJ6}, 37769: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nWhisk olive oil, lemon juice, shallots, garlic, oregano, and parsley in a medium bowl to blend season with salt and pepper.nToss potatoes with 12 cup vinaigrette on a heavy, large, rimmed baking sheet. Reserve the remaining vinaigrette. Pour chicken stock around potatoes and season potatoes with salt and pepper. Roast potatoes until tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 45 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and drizzle with the remaining vinaigrette and more chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 12 cups olive oil, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, or 1 tablespoon dried, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds large russet potatoes, cleaned, each cut lengthwise into 6 wedges, 12 cup chicken stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth], title: Greek Potatoes with Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: wCClcogi5afXawvRLCP0OmF08qbmQS}, 37770: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the salt, sugar, and white pepper. Place the salmon on a wire rack, skin side down. Place a sheet tray under the rack. Pack the salt mixture over the salmon fillet and place heavier amounts of the salt on the thicker part of the fillet and lesser amounts on the tail section. Pack the chopped dill on top of the salt mixture. Let the salmon chill, covered, for 48 hours.nRemove dill and salt mixture from salmon fillet. Do not rinse with water. Slice the cured salmon thinly and serve on toasted bread as an appetizer or on a sandwich., ingredients: [14 pound sea salt, 14 pound sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cracked white peppercorns, 1 1 12 pound salmon fillet, skin on, 14 pound chopped dill], title: Saumon Marine a lAneth, picturelink: null}, 37771: {instructions: Preheat oven to package directions and roll out dough on a nonstick cookie sheet. Cut and separate dough into perforated triangles. Combine the apricot jam or fruit spread and the orange marmalade in a small bowl. Place bowl in microwave and cook on HIGH 15 seconds to loosen the preserves. Beat egg with water to thin it out a little for an egg wash. Use the back of a teaspoon to spread a thin layer of apricotorange jam across each piece of dough. Roll crescents up, brush with a little egg wash and coat with sesame seeds and almonds. Bake to package directions until deep golden in color. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 package store bought crescent roll dough recommended: Pillsbury brand, 14 cup apricot preserves or all fruit spread, 14 cup orange marmalade, 1 egg, Splash of water, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 14 cup sliced almonds, 2ounce sack from baking aisle], title: AlmondOrangeApricot Crescent Rolls, picturelink: null}, 37772: {instructions: Mix meat, egg, masa harina, salt, pepper, and vinegar in a bowl. Knead the ingredients and then make meatballs, about the size of a ping pong balls. Set aside.nIn a large wide pot or Dutch oven, melt lard and add the flour and brown lightly to make a roux. Then add the chicken stock, green onions, chile, chopped tomatoes, tomato sauce, and garlic. Bring to a boil, then simmer for 15 minutes.nWhile the broth is simmering, drop each meatball into the broth and cook 30 minutes.nServe with mint and cilantro., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground beef, 1 egg, 12 cup masa harina mixed with 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons lard, 2 tablespoon flour, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, 1 bunch scallions, finely chopped, 1 Anahiem chile roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 cup chopped ripe tomatoes, 14 cup tomato sauce, 4 garlic cloves minced, 14 cup chopped mint, 14 cup chopped cilantro], title: Albonbigas: Reception Meat Ball Stew, picturelink: null}, 37773: {instructions: In the jar of a blender, blend all ingredients until smooth., ingredients: [1 14 cup guava nectar, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 cups sweet golden pineapple, diced, frozen, 1 banana, ripe, frozen], title: Guava Colada, picturelink: null}, 37774: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 cups hickory, cherrywood or applewood chips 1 cedar grilling planknBrine the fish: Combine the brown sugar, salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and 4 cups water in a large bowl. Stir until the sugar and salt dissolve. Add the salmon and weigh down with a can or skillet to keep it submerged. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nSoak the wood chips and cedar plank in water 1 hour, then prepare your grill for smoking.nAbout 30 minutes before smoking, remove the salmon from the refrigerator drain and pat dry. Place the salmon, skinside down, on the cedar plank and season with salt and pepper. Top with the lemon slices and thyme sprigs. Let stand at room temperature to dry out, 30 minutes.nOnce the grill reaches 250 degrees F, place the plank with the salmon on the cooler side of the grill. Close the grill and let smoke until golden and just cooked through, about 20 minutes. If using a gas grill, turn off the flame and let the fish sit 10 more minutes this is not necessary if using charcoal it imparts more smoky flavor. Remove from the grill and serve hot or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound skinon centercut wild salmon fillet, 2 slices lemon, 3 to 4 sprigs thyme], title: Cedar PlankSmoked Salmon, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 37775: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a vegetable peeler or zester, remove the zest of the orange, taking care to leave the pith behind.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat whisk together the sugar with 14 cup water and the orange zest. Bring to a simmer and remove from heat. Cool to room temperature.nReserve 4 strawberries for garnish and remove the hulls and roughly chop the remainder. Add the strawberries with the juice of the orange to a blender and fill with ice. Add the cooled orange simple syrup and blend until smooth. Add the rum, if desired, and blend. Pour into glasses and garnish with reserved strawberries., ingredients: [1 orange, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 pint fresh strawberries, 4 ounces rum, optional], title: Strawberry Orange Daiquiri, picturelink: gAH9..0kYLBNXPSE0lClQjG1.M4dYsi}, 37776: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, the yeast and agave in a bowl. Set aside 5 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with the dough blade, pulse the wholewheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour and the sea salt. Add 1 egg and the yeast mixture and pulse in 10second intervals until the dough comes together, about 3 pulses. Turn out onto a floured board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding up to 34 cup more flour if the dough is too sticky. Cut the dough into 4 equal portions cover with a clean towel.nOn a floured board, roll out one piece of dough into a 14by11inch rectangle, 14 inch thick, with a shorter side facing you. Spread 1 tablespoon mustard across the middle of the dough. Sprinkle with 14 cup Swiss cheese. Fold the bottom third of the dough over the cheese, then sprinkle another 14 cup Swiss cheese, 13 cup ham and 2 tablespoons chives over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the cheese, ham and chives. Reroll the dough into a 14by11inch rectangle. Cut into seven 11by2inch strips.nOne at a time, pinch the cut long edges of each strip together and roll into a 12inch rope with your hands. Transfer the rope to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Grab the ends and bring them toward each other, forming a U shape, then cross the left end over the right end to make a pretzel shape. Cross the left end over the right again to make a twist in the middle.nRepeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough and the remaining mustard, cheese, ham and chives, spacing the pretzels 3 inches apart. Set aside for 10 to 15 minutes preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nBeat the remaining egg in a bowl. Brush the pretzels with the egg sprinkle with smoked sea salt. Bake until browned, 16 to 18 minutes, checking on the pretzels every 5 minutes to avoid overbaking.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [pre1 12 tablespoons dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 2 12 cups wholewheat flour, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 large eggs, 14 cup dijon mustard, 2 cup2 shredded Swiss cheese, 1 13 cups diced ham, 14 cup snipped fresh chives, Smoked sea salt, for sprinkling], title: HamandSwiss Pretzels, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 37777: {instructions: Place sugar in a large bowl. Sift over it the cornstarch, cocoa and salt. Add 12 cup of the milk and stir the mixture to make a thick paste. Lightly beat the egg yolks, then add these to the cornstarch mixture, whisking to blend well. Wrap a damp towel around the base of the bowl to prevent it from sliding around when the scalded milk is added.nMeanwhile, in a heavybottomed 2quart saucepan, combine the remaining 2 cups milk and the cream. Bring these just to the boil, then remove the pot from the heat. Pour a small amount of the hot liquid into the cornstarchcocoa mixture, whisking constantly. Continue to whisk the milkcream mixture into the bowl gradually, until all of the liquid has been incorporated, and the mixture is smooth. Rinse out the pot used to scald the milk and the cream, but dont dry it: this will help prevent the pudding from scorching on the bottom. Pour the custard into the clean pot and add the vanilla.nHave ready a clean mesh sieve over a medium sized bowl. Return the pot to the stove and stir with a wooden spoon over low to mediumlow heat until the custard thickens, about 5 to 7 minutes. It should approach but never quite reach, a boil and be about the consistency of mayonnaise when its done. This custard behaves strangely, you may fear something has gone terribly wrong, but press on It will get increasingly lumpy to the point where, just as it reaches the right thickness, it will seem downright chunky: never mind Quickly remove the pot from the element and pour through the sieve into the clean bowl, pressing the custard through with a rubber spatula.nAdd the finely chopped or grated chocolate in 2 additions, stirring gently with a clean wooden spoon or rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted smoothly into the pudding. Spoon the pudding into 6 to 8 serving dishes or goblets and chill at least 6 hours or overnight. If you like the pudding with no skin on the top, press plastic wrap onto the surface of the warm pudding in the serving dishes. If a skin on your chocolate pudding makes you happily nostalgic, wait until the puddings are cold before covering. The pudding can be made up to 2 days ahead of time.nServe just as it is, or with a dollop of lightly sweetened whipped cream for a truly decadent dessert., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoon cornstarch, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups whole milk or substitute 2 percent milk, 4 large egg yolks, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces goodquality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, Lightly sweetened whipped cream, to serve, if desired], title: Deep Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 37778: {instructions: Combine the egg whites and powdered sugar in a mediumsize mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until opaque and shiny, about 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and continue whipping until completely incorporated, about 3 minutes. The lemon juice whitens the royal icing. The royal icing should be light, fluffy, and slightly stiff. You may need to adjust the consistency by adding more egg whites if the icing is too dry or more powdered sugar if it is too wet.nMake a cornet and fill it half full with royal icing. Cover the remaining icing with a damp cloth to keep it from drying out while you work. It will be much easier to decorate the cake if you place it on a turntable. Use the royal icing to make decorations as you desire. Make as many cornets as needed to complete the design. You can use a cornet filled with royal icing to fill in the seams and edges where the cakes meet. Decorate with dots, swags, or any other design. The royal icing will harden as it dries.nPiping fine decorations with royal icing takes some practice but you will improve with time. To train your hands and practice piping, try this exercise: use a mediumpoint magic marker to draw the desired pattern on a sheet of parchment paper. Repeat the pattern several times to allow for practice. Place another sheet of parchment paper over the designs and tape both pieces to the work surface to keep them from moving. Use a cornet filled with royal icing to trace the pattern. When you feel you have had enough practice, place the cake in front of you and repeat the patterns on the cake, instead of on the parchment paper.nFor different widths of decoration, use several cornets and cut the ends into differentsized openings. With royal icing, if you make a mistake, you can just wipe it off The royal icing will harden as it dries.nFlowers are widely used to decorate cakes. Usually, when the flowers are not fresh, they are made from gum paste. You can make your own or buy them already made from a specialty baking supply store. I would suggest buying them since they are very reasonably priced compared to the time and energy it takes to make them. Gum paste flowers can be reused or stored in an airtight container for any celebration. Remember to handle them with care because they will chip or break.nIf you have your own garden, pick some lovely blooms and use them to decorate the cake. Dont forget to use the natural greens to decorate around the base of the cake. Be sure you know which varieties of flowers and greens are safe to use there are some that are poisonous. Flowers that are safe to use include: apple blossoms, citrus blossoms, day lilies, English daisies, pansies, roses, tulips, lilacs, and violets., ingredients: [1 large egg white, 1 12 cups 6 ounces, 175 grams powdered sugar, 12 lemon, juiced and strained], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: null}, 37779: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a glass pitcher or cocktail shaker filled with ice, add vanilla liqueur, tropical fruit liqueur, and top with lemonlime soda. Stir and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a clear rock candy swizzle stick and serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part vanilla liqueur recommended: Liqueur 43, 2 parts bluecolored tropical fruit liqueur recommended: Hpnotiq, Lemonlime soda, 1 rock candy swizzle stick], title: Glacier Cocktail, picturelink: SACz9BLe1yeF5wztz7IDd6wKSV9a}, 37780: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spread the almonds on a cookie sheet and toast in the oven until golden, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool. Turn the oven down to 275 degrees. Butter the bottom and sides not the lip of a 9inch glass pie plate.nPlace the egg whites in a bowl of an electric mixer and set over a pan of hot tap water until slightly warmed. Then whisk the warm egg whites until soft peaks form. Whisk in the cream of tartar and then add the granulated sugar in a slow, steady, stream, whisking continuously. Continue whisking until stiff and glossy, 15 to 20 minutes longer. Make a pie shell with the meringue by smoothing it over the bottom and sides of the buttered pie plate. Bake until slightly crisp and dry, 15 minutes. Cool on a rack.nCombine the two chocolates in a bowl over simmering water, and stir occasionally until melted. Let cool to room temperature. Combine the heavy cream, confectioners sugar, cinnamon and vanilla in a mixing bowl. Beat at medium speed until very soft peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir one third of the cream into the melted chocolates to lighten. Then add that mixture to the whipped cream and fold in until completely incorporated. Scatter half of the toasted almonds over the cooked meringue shell. Top with the chocolate cream filling, smoothing the top. Decorate the top with the remaining toasted almonds and grated chocolate or chocolate curls, if desired. Cover and refrigerate at least one hour before serving., ingredients: [1 cup slivered almonds, 3 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 4 to 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 2 14 cups heavy cream, cold, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, Semisweet chocolate, grated or shaved chopped into curls, for garnish optional], title: Chocolate Cream Pie, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 37781: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, and cream of tartar. Add softened butter and sugar, mix well. Stir in milk or buttermilk. Also stir in raisins or dried fruit. Press dough onto a floured surface and roll out gently to 12inch thickness. Cut scones into round shapes or triangles. Brush scones with egg wash for shine. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [3 cups white flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 cup butter, softened, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup milk or buttermilk, 1 cup raisins or other dried fruit, Egg wash, to brush scones], title: Irish Scones, picturelink: null}, 37782: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray.nPlace the potato slices in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil then lower the heat to a simmer and cook until tender. Drain well and pat dry with paper towels. Potatoes MUST be dry otherwise they will wet the pizza shell.nPlace the pizza shell onto the greased baking sheet and cover lightly with tomato sauce. Arrange the potatoes uniformly around the pizza and sprinkle with sauteed onions, chopped basil, rosemary, cheese, crushed red pepper and kalamata olives. Bake at 450 degrees F for 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Cut into 8 wedges and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups sliced small red potatoes about 34 pound, 1 12inch frozen pizza shell, 14 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup diced onions, sauteed, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 34 cup 3 ounces shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, optional], title: Potato Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37783: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl., ingredients: [10 pounds diced tomatoes, usually canned, 1 bunch chopped cilantro, 1 diced onion, 1 bunch diced green onions, 6 diced jalapenos, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce], title: Fire House Salsa, picturelink: null}, 37784: {instructions: Melt the butter with the oil in a large deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the orange juice and lemon juice and cook until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the kale in batches, tossing with tongs until it begins to wilt, then adding more continue until all the kale is wilted, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the orange zest, 34 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of black pepper, coriander and red pepper flakes and toss to combine. Transfer the kale with tongs to a serving bowl or platter and serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large shallot, minced, Juice of 1 orange plus 1 teaspoon of zest about 13 cup juice, Juice of 12 medium lemon about 1 tablespoon, Two 5ounce packages fresh baby kale, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Spiced Citrus Baby Kale, picturelink: lBtuyBInM6kvRXHGVHP6v4MIiGXEq}, 37785: {instructions: Preheat the oven with a thick hotelroasting pan to 375 degrees. In a large bowl, mix everything together and season well. When the pan is hot, dump the potatoes in, they should sizzle, slide around the pan and place in the oven. Roast for 25 to 35 minutes, checking once to flip with a spatula. Potatoes are done when a paring knife easily pierces a potato., ingredients: [1 pound washed Yukon gold potatoes, skin on, quartered, 1 pound large shiitakes, washed, destemmed and quartered, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup scallions, 14inch lengths, 2 tablespoons fresh minced thyme, 13 cup grapeseed oil, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Roasted Shiitake and Yukon Gold Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 37786: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Add the penne and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dentetender but not mushy. Drain the pasta in a colander set in the sink. Transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cauliflower, shallots, and garlic, and cook, stirring, until the cauliflower is well browned, about 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, 2 teaspoons salt, water, vinegar, raisins, honey, capers, thyme, bay leaf, fennel seeds, if using, and season with black pepper. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook until cauliflower is fork tender, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the pine nuts and parsley. Remove and discard the thyme and bay leaf.nToss vegetables and pasta together along with the pecorino. Drizzle with additional olive oil, if desired. Serve immediately, passing more cheese at the table., ingredients: [Kosher salt, as needed, plus 2 teaspoons, 34 pound wholewheat penne, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 5 cups 34inch cauliflower florets about 1 to 1 14 pounds, 1 large shallot, sliced into thin rings, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 34 cup water, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano, plus more as needed], title: SicilianStyle Cauliflower with Whole Wheat Pasta, picturelink: zwlJbQVogWII5RK4qJ0K7SmalGJtPy}, 37787: {instructions: On a hot griddle, add the clarified butter, and then add the onions. Cook until just tender, and add the mushrooms. Season with salt, and cook until caramalized. Set aside to cool.nTo assemble the sandwich, top one slice of the bread with 2 slices of mozzarella, 5 ounces sliced brisket, 2 tablespoons of the Steak Sauce, half of the caramelized onions and mushrooms and 2 more slices of mozzarella, then top with another slice of bread. Repeat for the remaining sandwich. Ladle some clarified butter on the griddle and place the sandwiches in the butter. Cook the sandwiches on both sides until the bread is toasted, the meat is warm and the cheese melts.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Saute the garlic, shallots and portobello for 3 minutes. Add in the Worcestershire, vinegar, ketchup, sugar, mustard, salt, chili powder and allspice. Simmer for 15 minutes. Add 2 cups water, and then cook for 10 minutes. Add in the soy sauce and molasses, and cook for 5 minutes. Blend until smooth and cool., ingredients: [2 tablespoons clarified butter, plus more for toasting, 12 Spanish onion, sliced, 1 cup sliced cremini mushrooms, Salt, 4 thickcut slices rye bread, 8 slices mozzarella, 10 ounces sliced cooked brisket, 14 cup Steak Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, ground, 2 shallots, ground, 1 portobello cap, ground, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon molasses], title: Brisket Melt with Steak Sauce, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 37788: {instructions: Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Saute the onion, tasso ham and 2 tablespoons parsley for 3 to 5 minutes until fragrant. Combine cornbread crumbs with the sauteed ham mixture in a large bowl. Add chicken stock and blend to evenly moisten. Gently fold in crab meat and remaining parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 400degrees F. Butterfly the shrimp by cutting almost all the way through the inside curl of the body. Open flat to resemble a butterfly shape and devein. Spoon 2 tablespoons into the cavity of the shrimp, fold the tail over to hold the stuffing in place. Perch the shrimps on a lightly buttered baking dish, tail side up. Drizzle with some melted butter and bake 10 to 15 minutes. Serve on bed of greens with Roasted Tomato Aioli.nBegin with all ingredients at room temperature, they will emulsify more readily. In a food processor or blender, process the yolks, salt, mustard, cayenne, lemon juice, garlic and saffron water. Add the tomatoes and process again. With the motor running, add a few drops of the oil, the mixture will begin to thicken. Then, begin adding the remaining oil in a thin, steady stream. Scrape down the sides of the processorblender. Check and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely diced, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, divided, 12 cup tasso, finely diced, 1 cup cornbread crumbs, 12 to 34 cup chicken stock, 1 pound lump crab meat, picked through, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds large shrimp, about 10 per pound, peeled with tails on, Melted butter, 10 ounces mixed micro greens, Roasted Tomato Aioli, recipe follows, 2 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, Dash cayenne, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 roasted garlic cloves, Pinch saffron dissolved in 2 tablespoons hot water, 3 Roma tomatoes, split and oven dried, 1 cup canola oil], title: DeathDefying Stuffed Shrimp with Tasso Ham and Crab, picturelink: null}, 37789: {instructions: Relish:nCombine the cucumber and bell pepper in a colander. Put the colander over a bowl and sprinkle with salt. Toss and let sit for 30 minutes to remove excess water. Rinse with cold water, transfer to a sheet tray lined with paper towels and pat dry.nIn a medium saucepot combine the cucumber and red pepper with the remaining relish ingredients. Cook over mediumlow heat until thick, about 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature. This will last up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator in a sealed container.nOnion Sauce:nHeat the 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until slightly tender, about 3 minutes. In a small bowl whisk together the remaining sauce ingredients. Add to the pot with the onions along with 12 cup water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until thick, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. This will last up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator in a sealed container.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add hot dogs and cook for 8 minutes, turning after 4 minutes. While the hot dogs are cooking, light brush the buns with melted butter and arrange on a sheet pan. Broil until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. .nPut the hot dogs into the buns, top each with 2 tablespoons of the spicy onion sauce, 2 tablespoons of the relish and some mustard. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 large cucumber, seeded and cut into small dice, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons salt, 34 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 onions, sliced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon paprika, Pinch salt and fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 6 natural casing hot dogs, butterflied, 6 hot dog buns, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup brown mustard], title: What Up, Dog, picturelink: null}, 37790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nScrape seeds from vanilla bean with a knife into a small bowl, saving pod for another use, and stir in sugar and cinnamon.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out pastry 18inch thick and cut out 2 6 by 5 12inch rectangles. Arrange pastry on a baking sheet and fold edges in on all sides to form 12inch borders, leaving corners unfolded. Form points at corners by twisting ends and pressing them gently onto baking sheet. On pastry arrange plum and apricot slices, overlapping them slightly, in rows and sprinkle with sugar mixture.nBake tarts in middle of oven until pastry is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool tarts on a rack and brush with jam. Serve tarts warm with ice cream., ingredients: [1 1inch piece vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch cinnamon, 1 12pound frozen puff pastry sheet, thawed, 2 plums, cut into 14inchthick slices, 2 fresh apricots, cut into 14inch thick slices, 3 tablespoons apricot jam, melted, strained, and kept warm, Vanilla ice cream, as an accompaniment, if desired], title: Plum and Apricot Puff Pastry Tarts, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 37791: {instructions: Melt butter in a large stockpot over medium heat. Saute the onion, garlic, carrots, and celery with 4 sprigs each parsley and thyme, 4 sage leaves, and 2 bay leaves until fragrant. Deglaze the pan with 14 cup cognac, cook for 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Sprinkle in flour to tighten up the mixture and stir to dissolve. Pour in the chicken broth a little at a time to avoid lumping. Add the smoked turkey wings and water, simmer for 15 minutes while preparing the giblets.nCoat a saute pan with olive oil and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey giblets and neck, along with the remaining herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons cognac and continue to cook until the giblets are cooked through. Remove the giblets from the pan and chop them up.nPass the broth through a strainer to remove the large pieces of turkey and vegetables. Return the broth to the stove and add the giblets. Simmer until the gravy is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Stir in peppercorns and serve with turkey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, halved, 2 garlic cloves, 3 carrots, cut in chunks, 3 celery stalks, cut in chunks, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley, plus 4 sprigs, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 4 sprigs, 4 sage leaves, plus 4 leaves, 2 bay leaves, plus 2 leaves, 14 cup cognac, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 quart chicken broth, low sodium, 1 pound smoked and cooked turkey wings, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Turkey giblets and neck, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns], title: SageGreen Peppercorn Gravy, picturelink: null}, 37792: {instructions: Place a finemesh sieve over a bowl.nAdd the watermelon and cucumber chunks to a blender and blend until thoroughly pureed. Pour into the sieve and allow the juice to slowly drip into the bowl without forcing any of the pulp through. Discard solids. This should yield about 12 ounces of juice.nIn a pitcher, combine the watermelon and cucumber juice with the lime juice and tequila. Fill 4 highball glasses with ice and evenly divide juice among glasses. Top off each glass with seltzer water. Serve the glasses topped with a couple of cucumber and lime slices., ingredients: [3 cups watermelon chunks, 1 English cucumber, peeled and cut into chunks, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 4 ounces tequila recommended: 1800 Tequila, 8 ounces 1 cup seltzer water, Cucumber slices, for garnish, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Fresh Spaocktail, picturelink: fYHCILP26jAMqMQTyyx0HBPxVBw6nG}, 37793: {instructions: Combine basil, garlic and walnuts in a food processor and chop well. Slowly drizzle in olive oil, keeping processor going. Once oil is combined, turn off processor and add cheeses, salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Keeps well in refrigerator for up to a week.nTo make sandwiches: Cut baguette into sandwichsize pieces. Cut each piece down the center, leaving one side intact. Slather bread with pesto. Slice four tomatoes thinly and distribute between sandwiches., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves washed and dried, 4 large cloves garlic, 1 cup walnuts, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated parmesan, 14 cup freshly grated romano, salt and pepper to taste, 1 baguette, 4 tomatoes], title: BasilWalnut Pesto and Tomato on a Baguette, picturelink: null}, 37794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir the sugar and water in a large saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool completely.nPuree the peaches and orange peel in a blender with 12 cup of the sugar syrup until smooth. Strain through a finemeshed strainer and into a bowl. Cover and refrigerate. In a clean blender puree the strawberries with 13 cup of the sugar syrup until smooth. Strain through a clean finemeshed strainer and into another bowl. Discard the seeds. Puree the blueberries in a clean blender with 13 cup of the sugar syrup until smooth. Strain through a clean finemeshed strainer and into a third bowl. Discard the seeds and solids. Pour each of the purees into clear glass bowls or small pitchers.nFor each serving, pour 2 to 4 tablespoons of the desired fruit puree into a Champagne flute. Slowly pour enough Prosecco into the flute to fill. Gently stir to blend. Garnish with the whole berries, as desired, and serve.nDoAhead Tip: The fruit purees can each be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 16ounce bag frozen peaches, thawed, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel, 1 16ounce bag frozen strawberries, thawed, 1 16ounce bag frozen blueberries or blackberries, thawed, 4 to 6 750ml bottles Prosecco or other sparkling wine, chilled, Fresh strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries, for garnish, Orange peel twists, for garnish], title: Bellini Bar, picturelink: GRrTGy2Ml4Cg5FcxBnTuCl5AYL0ZSkG}, 37795: {instructions: Place apple slices in a bowl. Sprinkle with sugar and 14 cup Calvados and allow to macerate 15 minutes. Make batter by placing sifted flour and salt into a warm bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour. Add the yeast, beer, apple juice and olive oil. Combine to form a smooth batter. Cover the bowl and allow the mixture to stand 4 hours. After this period add a little more beer if necessary and fold in the half egg white stiffly beaten. Heat oil for deep frying. Place macerated apple slices into a small frying basket and then place this basket into the batter. Allow all the apple slices to become well coated in the batter. Drain and then place into the hot oil. Fry the beignets for 3 minutes, or until batter is crisp and golden, drain and dredge in confectioners sugar and serve accompanied by the apricot sauce. Apricot Sauce: Place apricots into a pan on high heat. Add the butter and allow to melt. Flavor with cinnamon. Pour in Slivovitz and light. When flames have almost died down, add the remaining 2 tablespoons Calvados. Add the grated rind of half an orange, and then stir in the cream. Puree in blender and then pour mixture back into the pan and heat. Whisk in the egg yolk and then place sauce into sauceboat. Serve., ingredients: [4 small apples, peeled, cored and sliced 12 inch thick, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup Calvados, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup flour, sifted, 14 teaspoon salt, 14ounce yeast, 38 cup flat beer, 38 cup apple juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Half an egg white, stiffly beaten, Oil for deep frying, Confectioners sugar for dredging, 1 pound canned apricot halves, 14 cup butter, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup Slivovitz, Grated rind of half an orange, 38 cup cream, 1 egg yolk], title: Apple Beignets, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 37796: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a large serving bowl and garnish with mint sprigs. This is an easy one, ingredients: [2 cups diced cantaloupe, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 handful mint leaves, chopped, plus sprigs, for garnish, 8 ounces diced prosciutto, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Cantaloupe Salad, picturelink: null}, 37797: {instructions: Cut the dried cured beef into 2inch cubes and soak in water overnight.nChange the water and boil the cubes in a large stockpot until tender approximately 45 minutes, making sure that the water is not too salty change water if necessary. Strain and cool down. Shred the meat and set aside.nIn a large frying pan, heat the oil and saute the onions, peppers, and garlic until translucent. Add the tomato sauce, white wine, beef stock, vinegar, and the spices. Add the shredded meat. Cook at low heat for approximately 30 minutes, keeping covered most of the time.nPreheat 3 cups blended oil. Slice the plantains lengthwise into several slender full length strips, preferably using a mandoline, and fry until crispy., ingredients: [1 12 pounds salt cured beef, 14 cup oil, 1 white onion small diced, 2 Italian frying peppers, cut into small dice, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 cups tomato sauce, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 3 cups blended oil, for frying, 2 green plantains, peeled], title: Cuban Style Salt Cured Beef with Crispy Plantain Chips, picturelink: null}, 37798: {instructions: Cut the potatoes and carrots into 12inch cubes. In a large pot combine the potatoes, carrots, onions, green chiles, ginger, ground masala, fennel, cinnamon stick, cloves, salt, and 1 cup water bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.nAdd the cauliflower, beans, and 34 cup of the coconut milk, cover, and continue cooking until the cauliflower is tender but not mushy, 5 to 10 minutes.nAdd the peas and the remaining 14 cup coconut milk and when it simmers remove from the heat. Set aside.nIn a small frying pan, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the mustard seeds and cover. When the seeds pop, toss in the dried red chilies, curry leaves, and shallots and fry until the shallots brown. Pour the mixture over the vegetables and stir to combine. Taste for salt., ingredients: [2 peeled waxy potatoes, 2 peeled carrots, 34 cups sliced onion, 2 fresh green chiles, serrano or Thai, split lengthwise, 4 teaspoons coriander, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon turmeric, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, finely ground with a mortar and pestle or coffee grinder, 1 1inch piece cinnamon, 3 whole cloves, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup cauliflower florets, 12 cup cut up green beans, 1inch lengths, 1 cup coconut milk, 12 cup frozen peas, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 dried red chiles, 12 to 18 fresh curry leaves, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped shallots or onion], title: Vegetables in Spiced Coconut Milk, picturelink: null}, 37799: {instructions: Place the hearts of palm and avocado in a large bowl. Drizzle over lime juice and olive oil. Season with paprika, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cans hearts of palm or 4 to 6 ounces fresh hearts of palm, cut into 12inch rounds, 6 avocados, peeled and cut into 12inch slices, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hearts of Palm Salad and Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}}