{37800: {instructions: Make 4 cups coffee using your preferred brewing method. Once coffee is ready, place 12 cup skim milk in a milk frother. Top each cup of coffee with frothed milk., ingredients: [], title: Frothy Coffee, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 37801: {instructions: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare the pork tenderloins by rinsing under cold water. Pat dry and set aside.nCombine the breadcrumbs, pecans, rosemary, salt and pepper in a 9by13inch pan. Set aside. Place the egg whites in a small bowl and whip slightly.nBrush the tenderloins with the whipped egg whites. Then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture, pressing to adhere. Place on a baking sheet. Bake until done, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest about 10 minutes prior to slicing.nFor the raspberrychipotle sauce: Combine the raspberry preserves with the adobo sauce.nTo serve: Slice the tenderloins and serve with the raspberrychipotle sauce., ingredients: [Two 1pound pork tenderloins, 1 cup Japanese panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 egg whites, One 12ounce jar raspberry preserves, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, or to taste], title: PecanCrusted Pork Tenderloin with RaspberryChipotle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 37802: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 60 mini muffin cups. Make cake batter as directed on box. Divide batter among 5 small bowls, about 34 cup each. Make 5 different colors of batter by adding 14 teaspoon gel food color to each bowl blend well. Fill each muffin cup with 1 level measuring tablespoon batter, making 12 cupcakes of each color. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 5 minutes remove from pan. Cool completely, about 10 minutes. In large bowl, beat marshmallow creme and butter with electric mixer on medium speed until blended. Beat in powdered sugar until fluffy. Divide frosting among 5 small bowls, about 13 cup each. Using the same 5 gel food colors, lightly tint frosting in each bowl to match the cupcake colors. Assemble each popper using 2 mini cupcakes. Cut tops off each cupcake horizontally save bottoms for another use. Spread or pipe about 1 tablespoon frosting on cut side of 1 cupcake top. Form a sandwich by placing cut side of second cupcake top on filling press lightly. Repeat with remaining cupcake tops. Store loosely covered., ingredients: [1 box Betty Crockeru00ae SuperMoistu00ae white cake mix, Water, vegetable oil and egg whites called for on cake mix box, 14 teaspoon each Betty Crockeru00ae gel or liquid food colors neon pink, neon purple, neon orange, neon green, classic blue, 1 12 cups marshmallow creme, 34 cup butter, softened, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, Betty Crockeru00ae gel or liquid food colors neon pink, neon purple, neon orange, neon green, classic blue], title: Cupcake Poppers, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 37803: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour and baking soda in a bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar on low speed until incorporated, then increase to high speed and beat until light and fluffy. Add the salt, vanilla, whole egg and egg yolk to the mixer beat until thoroughly combined. Add the Pretzel MMS and beat for a few seconds until slightly crushed. Gradually add the flour mixture, mixing on low speed until just combined. Mix in the bittersweet chocolate, toffee pieces and peanut butter chips. Roll heaping tablespoonfuls of dough into balls and place on the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart. Slightly flatten each ball with your fingers. Bake the cookies until the edges are golden brown and the centers are no longer wet, 11 to 13 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, 1 cup Pretzel MMS, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup toffee pieces, 34 cup peanut butter chips], title: Kids Candy Cookies, picturelink: B7nXwXqknCV385th.enEcZyUMGUCQS}, 37804: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Put the peaches and blackberries on a baking sheet and roast, turning once, until very soft and caramelized, about 30 minutes. Remove to a plate and let cool. The fruit can be roasted a day ahead of time and stored in a container with a tightfitting lid for up to 1 day.nCombine the fruit, yogurt, peach nectar, vanilla and 1 cup ice cubes in a blender and blend until smooth. Divide among 2 large glasses., ingredients: [2 peaches, halved and pitted, 1 pint fresh blackberries, 1 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 12 cup peach nectar, Touch vanilla extract], title: Roasted Peach and Blackberry Smoothie, picturelink: hzGv1764hFU2qBnGggbFnhc0.oHxpe}, 37805: {instructions: Special equipment: Paper towels Riveras tostonera or 2 mini muffin pans not siliconenFill large bowl with warm salted water to cover the plantains. Peel green plantain and cut into 2 inch pieces. Put the cut plantains into the water and soak.nHeat oil to 375 degrees F.nRemove plantains from water, shake off excess water and fry the plantain pieces for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the plantains and let cool for a couple of minutes.nUsing the Rivera Tostonera designed to make cups put fried plantains lengthwise into mold. If you dont have a Tostonera maker take 2 mini muffin pans and put fried plantains in the mold of 1 pan lengthwise and with the other muffin pan press down firmly to form a cup.nCarefully remove the cup and refry the plantain cup in the hot oil until golden brown.nRemove the cups and drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 large green plantain, cut into 2 inch pieces, Canola oil, Salt, Riveras tostonera or 2 mini muffin pans not silicone, Paper towels], title: Plantain Cups Tostone Cups, picturelink: null}, 37806: {instructions: apples, ingredients: [apples], title: EXPIRE ME, picturelink: null}, 37807: {instructions: Cook 4 chopped bacon slices and 1 chopped onion in olive oil over medium heat, 7 minutes. Add 12 cup chopped cilantro, 2 minced garlic cloves, 1 minced seeded jalapeno and 12 teaspoon each ground cumin, dried oregano and kosher salt. Cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Add two 14.5ounce cans pinto beans drained and rinsed and 2 12 cups water. Cook, mashing, 7 minutes. Stir in more cilantro and hot sauce., ingredients: [], title: Refried Pinto Beans, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 37808: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRemove the side muscles from the scallops and rinse with cold water and thoroughly pat dry.nMelt the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Once the butter is melted add the garlic and a pinch of salt and cook for 30 seconds. Remove the pan from the heat and toss in the bread crumbs until well combined. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, toss together the tomato, parsley and 14 teaspoon salt. Evenly divide the tomato mixture between 4 oven proof ramekins or scallop shells. Place the scallops over the tomato mixture and top with the cracker or bread crumbs. Bake in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown on top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces bay scallops, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs or crushed crackers, 2 medium size very ripe tomatoes, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Scallops on the Half Shell, picturelink: zcMb9cv3YoTzQFPvqQbG8Sio0uINcy}, 37809: {instructions: Make the sauce: Combine the yogurt, blue cheese, red onion, cilantro, and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to meld.nMake the wings: Heat 2 inches of peanut oil in a large highsided pan until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nStir together the flour, salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder and the garlic powder in a shallow bowl. Season the wings with salt and pepper and add in batches to the flour mixture to lightly coat. Tap off the excess flour, add the wings to the oil in batches and fry until golden brown and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate.nBring the vinegar, chipotle puree, the remaining 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder and the New Mexico chili powder to a simmer in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat. Remove from the heat and whisk in the mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, the honey and butter until smooth. Add the wings and toss to coat. Garnish with cilantro, if desired, and serve with the jicama sticks and blue cheese sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese Bobby likes cabrales, 2 tablespoons finely grated red onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, tips removed, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 tablespoons pureed chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon New Mexico chili powder, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, 1 stick unsalted butter, quartered, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish optional, Jicama sticks, for serving], title: Bobby Flays Hot Wings with Blue CheeseYogurt Sauce, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 37810: {instructions: Special equipment: Saute pan with a tight fitting lidnHeat the oil in a large saute pan with a tightfitting lid over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and pepper flakes and saute until fragrant. Dont let the garlic brown. Add the white wine and clams, increase the heat to high and cover the pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until all of the clams have opened, about 8 minutes. As the clams open, transfer them to a large bowl. When all of the clams are removed, reduce the heat to medium low, add the oregano and swirl in the butter. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of generously salted water to a boil. Cook the linguine according to the package direction. Using tongs, transfer the linguine to the saute pan with the clam juice and toss to coat. Turn off the heat and add the clams and any juices that have collected in the bowl. Using tongs, turn the linguine to coat it with the sauce. Top with parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces linguine, 12 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Pasta Alle Vongole, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 37811: {instructions: Place a sheet of waxed paper on a cookie sheet. Pour tempered chocolate in circle. Pour chocolate chips, marshmallows and rice cereal on center of chocolate. Hand mix and spread in a 8 to 9inch circle. Drizzle on white chocolate and add candy crabs of your choice for toppings mms, peanuts, other candies, etc. Let harden and enjoy., ingredients: [12 ounces milk chocolate, 2 ounces chocolate chips, 1ounce mini marshmallows, 12 ounce crisped rice cereal, 2 ounces white chocolate], title: Famous Maryland Chocolate Crab Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37812: {instructions: In a Dutch oven, melt 4 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in the flour, and cook over low heat, without browning, for 4 minutes. Whisk in the stock until smooth and combined. Add the parsley, bay leaf, and thyme. Simmer for 20 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat the remaining 4 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, stirring to coat with butter. Add the salt and lemon juice, and cook 5 minutes.nAdd the cooked mushrooms to the stock mixture, and simmer 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk the egg yolks and cream until combined. While whisking constantly, slowly add 1 cup of hot soup into the cream mixture. Add to the soup, and heat until warmed through. Be sure not to let the soup get too hot or the egg yolks will curdle. Season with salt., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup minced onion, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, plus finely chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, 12 bay leaf, Pinch dried thyme, 3 pounds button mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 large egg yolks, 1 cup heavy cream], title: French Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 37813: {instructions: Combine garlic, salt to taste, ginger, nutmeg, cardamom, cinnamon and pepper. Make incision in between rib bones and fill with spice mixture. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor pudding: Sift together flour and salt in bowl. Make well in center and add eggs. Combine, gradually adding milk to form a smooth batter. Cover for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, place meat in small baking dish, brush with clarified butter and cook for 1 hour, 35 minutes. Increase heat to 400 degrees. Remove beef and place on large, shallow ovenproof serving dish. Pour pan drippings around meat and heat on stove until drippings begin to smoke. Pour Yorkshire batter right into drippings surrounding meat and bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Freshly ground salt, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 8pound prime rib, Clarified butter, 2 cups flour, Freshly ground salt, 4 eggs, 2 12 cups milk], title: Roast Spiced Prime Ribs of Beef and Yorkshire Pudding, picturelink: null}, 37814: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish well with canola oil spray.nRemove the pizza dough from the fridge, cover with a clean kitchen towel and let come to room temperature for 30 minutes.nPlace the cherries into a bowl of warm water and let them reconstitute, about 5 minutes. Drain all the water from the cherries and add to the bowl the brown sugar, pecans, walnuts, butter, cinnamon, flour and salt. Stir all until combined.nPlace the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll into a large rectangle about 12inch thick. Spread the filling over the dough, leaving a 1inch border. Next, roll the dough the same way you would a jellyroll, from one end to the other. Trim off the ends and cut into 12 equal slices. Place the rolls into the baking dish so that there are 3 on the short side and 4 on the long side. Place the rolls into the oven and cook until golden brown, about 15 minutes.nAdd the confectioners sugar, orange juice and zest and vanilla extract to a bowl and stir well to combine. When the rolls come out of the oven, drizzle them with the glaze immediately and let cool for 10 minutes., ingredients: [Canola oil spray, 1 storebought pizza dough, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 12 cups dark brown sugar, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 orange, juiced and zested, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Easy Sticky Buns, picturelink: XOGoGa3sdxMxd4PaqK56U6S4dqsw9C}, 37815: {instructions: Dust a large flat baking sheet with flour.nPut the flour in a large bowl and add the salt and yeast, then add the olive oil plus enough warm water to make a soft but not sticky dough. The dough should feel quite loose and not tight and difficult to knead. If the whole amount is added it may appear that the dough is beyond repair, but gently kneading by way of scooping up the dough, scraping any sticky bits on the surface and slapping it back down again for a few minutes, will see the dough begin to become pillowy and more manageable. The more water that can be added the full 1 cup9fl oz250ml is great, then the lighter the bread will be. But it can take some perseverance. Also resist the temptation to add more flour, as it will make the dough too heavy.nKnead the dough for about 10 minutes by hand on a lightly floured work surface or for 5 minutes if using an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. The dough will feel stretchy when pulled. To test if it is ready, make a ball with the dough then, using a wellfloured finger, prod a shallow indent in the side no more than 14in34cm. If the indent disappears by way of the dough springing back, then it is ready to shape. If the indentnstays, knead for a few minutes longer. Shape the dough into an oval and place it on the prepared baking sheet.nFlatten it out to about 12in 30cm long and 8in 20cm wide. Cover the dough loosely with oiled plastic wrap, making sure it is airtight. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nLeave the dough in a warm place for about 1 hour, or until it has almost doubled in size. With a floured index finger press holes in the dough at regular intervals, about 1 12in 4cm apart in rows across the dough, pressing right down to the bottom. Take 1 14in 3cm long sprigs of the rosemary and push them into the holes. Sprinkle some sea salt over the dough and place in the top third of the oven. Bake for about 25 to 30 minutes, or until the bread is well risen, light golden brown and feels hollow when tapped underneath.nRemove from the oven, drizzle with the remaining olive oil and let cool on the baking sheet. This is totally awesome when served warm as a starter or indeed as a meal in itself with fresh tomatoes, artichokes, and cold meats, or with a steaming hot bowl of soup., ingredients: [3 13 cups1 lb 2oz500g white bread flour, plus extra for dusting, 2 tsp salt, 1 14oz7g sachet of active dry yeast, 13 cup3fl oz80ml olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 23 to 1 cup5 to 9fl oz150 to 250ml warm water, Vegetable oil or oil spray, for oiling, 1 bunch of fresh rosemary, Large pinch of sea salt], title: Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 37816: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a skillet until crisp, then drain on paper towels. Once the bacon is cool, roughly chop it you should have about 12 cup.nCombine the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat the butter, mayonnaise and sugars with a mixer at medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until well blended. Add the peanut butter and vanilla and beat until combined.nAt low speed, add the flour mixture in batches, beating until just combined. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the chocolate chunks, bacon, peanuts and banana chips. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill for at least 30 minutes or overnight.nPosition the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 muffin tins with paper liners.nFill the muffin tins about halfway full with the batter a 2inch, 2ounce ice cream scoop gives you just about the perfect amount, and helps prevent spilling.nBake until the tops are slightly golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Keep in mind that the cookies wont rise and form a dome like a cupcake. Let cool in the muffin tins on wire racks for about 10 minutes, then unmold the cookie cups and transfer them to the racks to cool completely., ingredients: [10 slices bacon, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chunks, 12 cup chopped salted peanuts, 12 cup sweet dried banana chips, roughly chopped], title: The Elvis: Peanut Butter, Banana and Bacon Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37817: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir the cinnamon and sugar in a shallow bowl. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Using a melon baller, scoop the cores out of the apples from the top, making sure to leave the bottoms intact.nCoat the apples with the cinnamon mixture. Spoon 2 tablespoons caramel sauce into each apple.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 10x9inch rectangle. Cut into 9 1x10inch strips. Press the ends of 2 pastry strips together to make 1 1x20inch strip. Repeat with 6 of the remaining pastry strips. Cut 8 leaf shapes from the last pastry strip.nStarting at the bottom, wind 1 pastry strip around 1 apple, slightly overlapping the edges of the pastry. Repeat with the remaining pastry strips and apples. Top each with 2 pastry leaves. Brush the pastries with the egg mixture. Place the pastries onto a baking sheet.nBake for 25 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Serve the pastries with the ice cream., ingredients: [12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 4 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled, 12 cup prepared caramel sauce, 12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, Vanilla ice cream], title: InsideOut Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 37818: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly drizzle the olive oil into a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Whisk the onion, parsley, egg, ketchup, garlic, salt, and pepper in a large bowl to blend. Stir in the cheese and bread crumbs. Mix in the turkey. Cover and refrigerate the turkey mixture.nUsing a melon baller or spoon, carefully scrape out the seeds and inner flesh from the zucchini, leaving 18inchthick shells. Be careful not to pierce through the skin. Fill the zucchini and pepper halves with the turkey mixture, dividing equally and mounding slightly. Arrange the stuffed vegetables in the baking dish. Pour the marinara sauce over the stuffed vegetables.nBake uncovered until the vegetables are tender and beginning to brown and a thermometer inserted into the filling registers 165 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer the stuffed vegetables to a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, grated, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 14 cup dried plain bread crumbs, 1 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat, 2 zucchini, ends removed, halved lengthwise and crosswise, 1 short orange bell pepper, halved and seeded, 1 short red bell pepper, halved and seeded, 1 short yellow bell pepper, halved and seeded, 1 12 cups marinara sauce], title: Stuffed Zucchini and Red Bell Peppers, picturelink: 2URUkAyrmIPHZZ1v8Rf8hwhoFbju}, 37819: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Reserve 12 raspberries. Combine the remaining raspberries with the sugar and puree in a blender. Strain through a strainer and set aside. Brush some of the butter on a work surface. Arrange 1 of the phyllo sheets on top and brush with some of the remaining butter. Repeat the procedure with the remaining 2 sheets and butter and cut the phyllo into 12 4by312inch squares.nDivide the chocolate evenly among the 12 squares, mounding it in the center of each and top with one of the reserved raspberries. Bring up the edges of the phyllo to enclose the filling and pinch at the top to form a little package or purse. Arrange the purses on an ungreased baking sheet and bake on the middle rack of the oven until golden, about 12 to 15 minutes.nTo serve: spoon 2 tablespoons of the sauce in the middle of 4 dessert plates and swirl the sauce to spread it in a circle. Sprinkle the purses with confectioners sugar. Arrange 3 purses and 1 small scoop of ice cream on each plate and garnish with the mint sprig., ingredients: [3 ounces fresh raspberries about 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 3 sheets phyllo dough, Scant 12 cup chocolate chips or 2 ounces coarsely chopped bittersweet chocolate, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Vanilla ice cream, as an accompaniment, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Chocolate Raspberry Phyllo Purses, picturelink: null}, 37820: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the pork, shrimp, lemongrass, sesame seeds, lime juice, chiles, ginger, garlic, basil, cilantro, mint, soy sauce, fish sauce, breadcrumbs and eggs in a large mixing bowl and mix by hand until thoroughly incorporated. Drizzle the olive oil into a 9 by 12inch baking dish, making sure to evenly coat the entire surface.nRoll the mixture into round, golf ball size meatballs, making sure to pack the meat firmly.nPlace the balls into the oiled baking dish such that all the meatballs are lined up evenly in rows and are touching each of their 4 neighbors in a grid.nRoast until firm and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Allow the meatballs to cool about 5 minutes before removing from the baking dish.nGarnish with shaved carrots and chopped roasted peanuts. Serve with Peanut Dipping Sauce.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl and whisk well to combine., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, ground or chopped finely, 2 tablespoons minced lemongrass, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 lime, juiced, 2 Thai chiles, minced, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, chopped, 34 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup fish sauce, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 2 eggs, Olive oil, Carrot shavings, for garnish, Chopped roasted peanuts, for garnish, Peanut Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup chunky peanut butter, 12 teaspoon grated ginger, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 14 cup hot water, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Thai Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 37821: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan over low heat, melt the butter and cook onion, apple, and thyme, covered, until apples soften. Remove lid and increase heat to medium add the livers and cook until firm and still pink inside. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Add the pepper, salt, and brandy and puree in a food processor then chill, covered. Meanwhile whip the heavy cream to medium peaks. Fold into cooled, pureed liver mixture. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped tart apple, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound chicken livers, cleaned, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup brandy, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Chicken Liver Mousse, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 37822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 15 by 10 by 2inch glass baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a large bowl. Melt the remaining butter in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, carrots, celery, rosemary, and garlic. Saute until the onions are very tender, about 12 minutes. Gently stir in the chestnuts and parsley. Transfer the onion mixture to the large bowl with the pancetta. Add the bread and Parmesan and toss to coat. Add enough broth to the stuffing mixture to moisten. Season the stuffing, to taste, with salt and pepper. Mix in the eggs.nTransfer the stuffing to the prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil, buttered side down, and bake until the stuffing is heated through, about 30 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until the top is crisp and golden, about 15 minutes longer.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the first 7 ingredients in a large bowl to blend. Stir in the Parmesan and bread crumbs. Mix in the beef, pork, and veal. Pack half of the meat mixture into a 9 by 5 by 3inch loaf pan. Spoon the stuffing over the meat in the pan, leaving a 1inch border around the edges. Top with the remaining meat mixture, enclosing the stuffing completely and pressing firmly. Spoon the marinara sauce over the meatloaf, then sprinkle with the provolone cheese.nBake, uncovered, until the meat loaf is firm to the touch in the center and has pulled away from the sides of the pan, about 45 minutes. Cut crosswise into slices and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, 8 ounces pancetta, cut into 14inch dice, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 3 celery stalks, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 7.4ounce jars roasted peeled whole chestnuts, coarsely broken, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 pound dayold ciabatta bread, cut into 34inch cubes, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup or more canned lowsalt chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, beaten to blend, Meatloaf, 1 small onion, grated, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 large eggs, 14 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon ground black pepper, 23 cup dried bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 2 cups packed Ciabatta Stuffing with Chestnuts and Pancetta, recipe follows, or your favorite stuffing, 12 cup marinara sauce, 34 cup grated provolone], title: Stuffed Meatloaf, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 37823: {instructions: Lightly beat the egg white in a large bowl. Add the shrimp, jicama, scallions, cornstarch, rice wine, sesame oil, 34 teaspoon salt, the sugar and pepper. Stir well until the mixture starts to thicken, about 1 minute cover and refrigerate until very cold, about 1 hour.nSet 1 dumpling wrapper on a clean surface keep the rest covered with a damp paper towel so they dont dry out. Stir the shrimp mixture, then scoop 1 heaping teaspoonful onto the center of the wrapper. Dab a finger in a cup of cold water and moisten the edges of the wrapper. Fold in half and press the edges together to seal transfer to a baking sheet. Cover with a damp paper towel while you form the remaining dumplings.nFill a large nonstick skillet with 14 inch of water and bring to a boil. Working in batches, add the dumplings and arrange in a single layer, cover and let steam until cooked through, about 5 minutes. If the water evaporates before the dumplings are fully cooked, add 2 more tablespoons to the skillet. Carefully transfer the dumplings to a serving plate.nPonzu Dipping SaucenCombine 3 tablespoons ponzu sauce, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil and 1 chopped scallion in a small bowl.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 large egg white, 34 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and finely chopped, 13 cup finely chopped peeled jicama or water chestnuts, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 34 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, Pinch of ground white pepper, 36 round dumpling wrappers, thawed if frozen], title: Steamed Shrimp Dumplings, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 37824: {instructions: Set the oven to broil. Add the pasta to a pot of boiling salted water and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes.nPulse the crackers in a food processor to a coarse consistency. Mix with the chives and parsley.nWhisk the butter and flour in a medium saucepot over mediumhigh heat until fully incorporated and bubbly. Add the milk and bring to a simmer, whisking the entire time. Whisk in the cheeses, a little at a time, until thoroughly combined. Add the heavy cream and season with salt and pepper.nStrain the pasta and mix with the cheesy sauce. Spoon into ovensafe baking vessels and top with the crumb crust. Place under the broiler until lightly toasted and bubbling, 3 to 5 minutes. Watch carefully so the mac doesnt burn., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound penne pasta, 12 box Cheezit crackers, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons grated aged Monterey Jack cheese, 14 cup grated fontina cheese, 2 tablespoons crumbled soft goat cheese, 2 cups heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Three Cheese Mac with CheezIt Herb Crumb Crust, picturelink: Ol3jArdWMpD4xK7r6AnoLOFmOlIomaC}, 37825: {instructions: Whisk the mirin, miso paste, brown sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a large shallow dish stir in the sesame seeds. Add the salmon, turning to coat cover and refrigerate 1 hour or overnight.nWhisk the mayonnaise, wasabi paste and lemon juice in a bowl. Dice the avocado and stir it into the mayonnaise mixture set aside.nPreheat the broiler. Arrange the rolls, cutside up, on a foillined baking sheet and broil until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Remove to a plate and brush the cut sides with the avocado mayonnaise.nToss the watercress with the sesame oil, soy sauce and some salt divide among the rolls.nTransfer the salmon to the baking sheet and brush with some of the marinade from the baking dish. Broil until the salmon starts browning, about 3 minutes. Flip the salmon and continue broiling until just cooked through, 3 to 5 more minutes. Divide the salmon among the rolls top with the cucumber slices. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [3 tablespoons mirin or dry sherry, 2 tablespoons white miso paste, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 pound skinless wild salmon fillet, sliced lengthwise into 4 pieces, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 to 3 teaspoons wasabi paste, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 avocado, 4 club rolls or other sub rolls, split open, 2 cups watercress, tough stems removed, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Kosher salt, 12 large cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced], title: Asian Salmon Rolls, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 37826: {instructions: For the cookies: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.nBeat the cake mix, butter, eggs and 13 cup water with an electric mixer on medium speed in a large bowl until smooth and no bits of dry cake mix are left. Drop the batter by the tablespoonful a small ice cream scoop will make this task easier onto the prepared baking sheets about 1 12 inches apart. You will have additional batter for a second batch.nBake until the cookies are set around the edges but still soft in the center, about 8 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes, then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely the rounded tops will sink slightly. When the baking sheets are cool, repeat with the remaining batter.nFor the frosting: Melt the butter and chocolate in a medium microwavable bowl in the microwave in 1minute increments, stirring in between, until smooth.nBeat the cream cheese, confectioners sugar and vanilla together with an electric mixer on medium speed in a large bowl until smooth. Pour the chocolate mixture into the cream cheese mixture and beat until smooth.nFrost the cookies, decorate with sprinkles and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheets, 1 box yellow cake mix for two 9inch rounds, such as Duncan Hines, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 large eggs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Sprinkles, for decorating], title: Cake Mix Holiday Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 37827: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a very large 12to13inch pot or Dutch oven, such as Le Creuset. Pat the lamb shanks dry with paper towels. In batches, add the lamb shanks to the pot and cook over medium heat for 3 minutes on each side, until they are nicely browned. Transfer to a plate and brown the remaining shanks, adding a little more oil, if necessary. Transfer all the shanks to the plate and set aside.nAdd the onions and cook over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, adding more oil, if necessary. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for just 30 seconds. Add the chili powder, turmeric, cumin, cardamom and cinnamon and cook for one minute. Stir in the tomatoes and their liquid, the chicken stock, brown sugar, lime, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Add the potatoes, butternut squash and sweet potatoes and bring to a boil. Place the lamb shanks in the pot, spooning some of the sauce and vegetables over the shanks. They will not be completely submerged. Cover the pot and bake for 3 hours, until the lamb shanks are very tender. Serve hot with couscous.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [Good olive oil, 6 small frenched lamb shanks 5 to 6 pounds total, 3 cups chopped yellow onions 2 large onions, 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 4inch cinnamon stick, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, such as San Marzano, 2 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, lightly packed, 4 12inchthick slices of lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, unpeeled and 1inchdiced, 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and 1inchdiced, 12 pound sweet potatoes, unpeeled and 1inchdiced, Couscous, for serving], title: Moroccan Lamb Tagine, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 37828: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix sauce ingredients together.nPut the cinnamon sticks and the water in a pot and bring to a boil. Cook about 5 minutes over medium heat. Under cold running water, rinse the rice in a saucepan until the water runs clear. Drain and add the rice to the cinnamon water. Bring the water to a boil again, reduce the heat to low, and cover. Simmer covered for 17 minutes, or until craters appear in the surface of the rice and the water has been absorbed. Remove from the heat and fluff the cooked grains with a fork. Cover and let sit for 15 minutes, then uncover and spread the rice out on a cookie sheet with a fork to cool completely. Discard the cinnamon sticks. The rice should be cold or at least room temperature before stirfrying.nHeat a wok or large skillet. Add the oil and heat until hot. Add the leeks and garlic, and stirfry over medium heat until slightly softened and translucent. Add the curry powder and stirfry for 10 seconds, until fragrant. Add the carrots, turnips, rice wine, and water, and partially cover. Cook about 5 to 8 minutes, until tender, then add the cooked rice, breaking it up with a spatula. Add the peas and the sauce. Toss lightly to coat the ingredients and spoon into a serving dish. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine or sake, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 sticks cinnamon, 3 34 cups water, 2 cups longgrain rice, 2 12 teaspoons safflower or corn oil, 1 12 cups thinly sliced leeks, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons goodquality curry powder, 3 to 4 carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch dice about 1 12 cups, 3 to 4 turnips, peeled and cut into 14inch dice about 112 cups, 3 12 tablespoons rice wine or sake, 12 cup water, 1 12 cups cooked peas if using frozen, thaw to room temperature], title: Cinnamon Curry Rice, picturelink: null}, 37829: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the oil, oregano, cumin, garlic, bay leaves and lime juice in a blender and blend until smooth. Put the steaks in a large baking dish, add the marinade, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nPrepare a charcoal grill on high heat for direct grilling. Remove the steaks from the marinade and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until charred and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Slice against the grain into thin slices. Serve the meat with the Mango Steak Sauce and Tomato Escabeche. Garnish with cilantro leaves.nHeat the oil in a medium highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft. Add the mango nectar, horseradish, honey, chile powder, maple syrup, mustard, Worcestershire and mangos and simmer until the mangoes are very soft and the mixture has thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mixture to a food processor or blender and blend until smooth. Scrape into a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nToss the cilantro, vinegar, lime juice, oil, sugar, tomatoes, onions and jalapeno in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves must be fresh, Zest and juice of 2 limes, Two 1 12pound skirt steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mango Steak Sauce, recipe follows, Tomato Escabeche, recipe follows, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 small red onion, chopped, 12 cup mango nectar, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 very ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, cheeks removed and julienned, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cuban Skirt Steak with Tomato Escabeche and Mango Steak Sauce, picturelink: SDAzZEhV4B1tuBy5UhMOGy61fKajF6}, 37830: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Microwave the bacon drippings for 8 to 10 seconds to melt, if necessary. Combine the tomatoes, onion, bacon drippings, lemon pepper, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Spread on the prepared baking sheet and roast until slightly softened, about 10 minutes. Let cool. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nCoat the bottom and side of an 8 or 9inch castiron skillet with cooking spray. Toss the tomato mixture with the lemon juice and asiago spread evenly in the skillet. Place the puff pastry on top trim the overhanging pastry with kitchen shears.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the pastry is dark golden, about 50 minutes. Let cool about 5 minutes, then place a large plate or platter on top of the skillet and invert the tart. Sprinkle with basil and let cool, about 5 more minutes. Cut into wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons bacon drippings, 4 cups heirloom cherry tomatoes, 12 large sweet onion, sliced into thin halfmoons, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Cooking spray, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup grated asiago cheese, 1 9inchsquare piece frozen puff pastry half of a 17ounce package, thawed, Chopped fresh basil, for topping], title: UpsideDown Tomato Tart, picturelink: 8DdFoAPtXUoqdXUOHyLlLWs8zv8JddW}, 37831: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until al dente, 9 to 11 minutes. Reserve 1 cup pasta water, then drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic when it begins to sizzle, add the zucchini and saute for a couple of minutes. Add 14 cup of the pasta water and cook until the zucchini is tender, about 5 minutes. Add 14 teaspoon salt and half of the basil. Remove the garlic.nAdd the pasta to the skillet along with about 12 cup of the reserved cooking water shake the pan vigorously, adding a little more cooking water if the pasta looks dry. Cook, tossing, until the liquid is absorbed, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the parmigiano, pecorino and the remaining basil toss. Top with more Parmesan.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 medium zucchini, thinly sliced, 6 fresh basil leaves, torn, 13 cup grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, plus more for topping, Kosher salt, 8 ounces spaghetti, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup grated pecorino cheese], title: Spaghetti with Zucchini, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 37832: {instructions: Place water, yeast, salt and olive oil in a large bowl and let the yeast dissolve. Put the yeast mixture in the bowl of a standing electric mixer and add enough of the flour until it comes together and using the dough hook, knead the mixture until smooth. Let rise for 1 hour. Divide the dough into 6 ounce pieces and roll out into a 12inch round.nPlace ingredients in a saucepan and cook for 20 minutes.nCombine all ingredients in a roasting pan and roast in a preheated 450 degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes.nOvenDried Tomatoes: 20 plum tomatoes sliced in half and seeds removed Olive oil Chopped basil Chopped fresh tarragonnPlace tomatoes on a baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with the herbs. Bake in a preheated 250 degree oven for 4 to 5 hours until very soft and dry.nFocaccia Robiola: 6 ounces pizza dough, rolled into a 12inch circle and docked Olive oil Robiola cheese White truffle oilnRoll the dough into a 12inch circle and dock with a fork and brush with olive oil. Bake the dough in a preheated 500 degree oven until golden brown. Remove from oven and let cool slightly. Slice the pizza in 12 horizontally and fill with the robiola cheese. Return to the oven and bake for 10 minutes. Remove and drizzle with truffle oil.nPizza Piegata: 6 ounces pizza dough 12 tomato sauce, recipe above 14 pound thinly sliced fresh mozzarella 12 cup roasted wild mushrooms 4 ovendried tomatoes, chopped 2 canned artichokes, thinly sliced 12 cup arugula leaves 14 cup Gaeta olives, chopped 3 slices prosciutto thinly sliced Olive oilnPreheat oven to 500 degrees. Roll dough out into a 12inch circle. Spread the ingredients over the surface and fold the dough over into a half moon. Place on a baking sheet or pizza stone and brush with olive oil. Bake until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Pizza Dough:, 2 liters water, 50 grams fresh beer yeast, 3 ounces salt, 5 ounces olive oil, 4 to 5 pounds high gluten flour, Tomato Sauce:, 2 cans San Marzano style tomatoes, 4 ounces salt, 15 leaves basil, julienned, Oven Roasted Mushrooms, 2 pounds assorted wild mushrooms, 3 cloves chopped garlic, 4 ounces olive oil, Parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pizza, picturelink: null}, 37833: {instructions: Have the fishmonger cut the head and tail off the salmon and butterfly it, removing all the bones. You should have about 7 pounds of salmon.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nSaute the onions and fennel in the olive oil for 10 minutes on mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Add the thyme leaves, fennel fronds, orange zest, orange juice, salt, and pepper and saute for 5 more minutes, until the onions and fennel are tender. Taste for salt and pepper.nLay the salmon, skin side down, on a cutting board and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. Spread the fennel filling over half of the salmon. Pull the other half up and over the filling, enclosing it. Tie the salmon every 2 inches with kitchen string to secure the stuffing.nPlace a sheet pan lined with parchment paper in the oven for 5 minutes to heat it. Carefully transfer the salmon to the hot sheet pan and bake it for exactly 30 minutes 10 minutes for each 1inch of thickness. Do not overbakenAllow to cool slightly, then remove the strings. To serve, cut into thick slices with a very sharp knife. This salmon is delicious hot or at room temperature.nNote: If youre making this in advance, be sure to cool the filling before stuffing the salmon. Refrigerate until ready to roast., ingredients: [5 cups sliced yellow onions, 14inch thick 3 pounds, 5 cups sliced fennel bulbs, 14inch thick 3 pounds, 12 cup good olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fennel fronds, 1 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 10 pound fresh salmon], title: Salmon with Fennel, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 37834: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 10inch round cake pan.nCream together the butter, sugar, eggs, flour, almonds, milk, vanilla, boiling water and baking powder in a food processor, running it for 10 seconds. Run a spatula round the bowl and process for 5 seconds more. Pour into the prepared pan.nScatter the prunes evenly on the batter. Spoon over walnut and sugar mixture. Arrange the apple slices on top of the walnuts. Bake for 45 minutes.nSprinkle the surface with sugar and cinnamon. Dot with butter and bake for 20 to 25 minutes more, or until a skewer comes out clean. Cool in the tin., ingredients: [5 ounces butter, 7 ounces caster superfine sugar, 2 eggs, well beaten, 3 ounces selfrising flour, 4 ounces ground almonds, 4 ounces milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon boiling water, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 8 stoned prunes, chopped, 4 ounces shelled walnuts, finely chopped and mixed with 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 green apples, cored and sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, Ground cinnamon, Butter], title: Danish Apple and Prune Cake, picturelink: null}, 37835: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cube the pork shoulder, cutting off any excess fat. Lay the pork on a sheet pan and salt both sides of the pork. Cover the pork in the Red Chile Sauce and cover the pan with foil. Bake the pork for 3 hours. Remove the foil and cook for another 30 minutes. The pork should be very tender and easy to pull when done. Serve the pork in a bowl topped with a fried egg and Pickled Onions. The flour tortilla is to be served warm on the side.nCombine the chiles, orange juice, oil, garlic salt and cumin in a large saucepan over low heat. Add 6 cups warm water. Simmer for 25 minutes until desired consistency.nCombine the orange and lime juices, salt, sugar and jalapeno. Shock the onions in boiling water for 15 seconds, and then put directly into the juice mixture. Let sit for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [10 pounds pork shoulder butt, Salt, Red Chile Sauce, recipe follows, 20 fried eggs, Pickled Onions, recipe follows, 20 flour tortillas, 1 12 cups red chiles, chopped, 1 12 cups orange juice no pulp, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons garlic salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 6 cups warm water, Orange juice from 5 large oranges, Lime juice from 4 limes, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 jalapeno, diced and seeds removed, 5 yellow onions, sliced], title: The Sloppy Jo, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 37836: {instructions: Add apples, apple cider, lemon juice, sugar, cinnamon sticks and a dash of nutmeg to a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, cover with a lid and reduce to a simmer. Let cook for 15 minutes or until apples are tender. Remove cinnamon sticks and discard.nMash with a potato masher, and stir in the 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon and dash of nutmeg. Transfer to a serving dish and serve warm., ingredients: [4 Granny Smith and 4 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 12inch slices, 1 cup apple cider or juice, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Dash nutmeg], title: Homemade Applesauce, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 37837: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Drain and rinse beans. Place in medium large pot with onion, bay leaf, and enough water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, reduce to barely a simmer, cover and cook very gently 30 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, and a little more water if water in pot does not cover beans, cover, and continue cooking 3050 minutes, until the beans are very soft. Drain beans, reserving cooking liquid. Discard onion halves and bay leaf.nMeanwhile, slice off 1inch from the pointy end of each garlic head. Place garlic heads, cut side up, in center of large sheet of foil. Drizzle over 1 teaspoon olive oil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt. Bring ends of foil up and fold foil over to close. Roast in oven for one hour until soft and golden. Unwrap foil and allow garlic to cool. When cool, hold each head over blender and squeeze gently to extract the soft pulp. Discard garlic skins. Add 12 cup bean cooking liquid and puree until smooth. Add cooled beans and puree, scraping down sides frequently and adding more cooking liquid if necessary, until smooth but still fairly thick. Drizzle in olive oil with machine running and puree until satiny. Taste and adjust seasoning. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried red kidney beans, soaked overnight in cold water to cover generously, 1 onion, peeled, cut in half and stuck with 2 cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 4 plump heads of garlic, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Puree of Red Kidney Beans and Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 37838: {instructions: Beat 1 14 cups dark brown sugar and 1 stick butter until fluffy, then beat in 1 egg and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Whisk 1 12 cups flour, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon baking soda stir into the butter mixture. Chill 30 minutes, then roll into balls and bake 12 to 15 minutes at 350 degrees. Roll finished cookies in confectioners sugar., ingredients: [], title: Snowstorms, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 37839: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, combine the butter and milk. Place over low heat just until warm and the butter is melted. Let cool slightly. In a bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt mix well.nIn a large bowl, whisk the eggs with a fork. Whisk in the milk mixture. Add the dry ingredients and mix just until barely blended. Add the chocolate chips and mix.nHeat a griddle or large skillet over medium heat. Add about 1 teaspoon of butter and melt until bubbly. Ladle 3 tablespoons of batter for each pancake onto the hot surface and cook until bubbly on the top and golden brown on the bottom. Turn and cook until golden brown on the other side, about 30 seconds more. Repeat until all the batter is used up. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 1 14 cups flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, or less to taste, Butter, for cooking], title: Chocolate Chip Pancakes, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 37840: {instructions: In a pot or saucepan of a size to just contain the pears, combine the cinnamon, sugar, and red wine. Arrange the pears, adding more wine to cover, if necessary. Bring to a boil, and adjust the heat to a simmer, lid ajar. Cook for about 20 minutes, or until a skewer encounters little resistance when pierced to the heart of a pear. With a slotted spoon, remove the pears from their liquid and stand them upright, in a glass dish. Simmer the red wine until reduced to the consistency of a light syrupand pour it over the pears. Serve at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [1 2inch section cinnamon stick, 34 cup sugar, About 4 cups to cover deeply colored, tannic, young red wine, 4 firm, not quite ripe eating pears, peeled, stems left intact], title: Pears Poached in Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 37841: {instructions: Melt the unsweetened and bittersweet chocolates together and set asidenPlace the butter and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix until combined. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Add in the flour, baking powder and salt and mix just until combined. Add the melted chocolate. Stir in the walnuts and chopped chocolate pieces.nSpoon small mounds of the dough onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet. If you want to make giant cookies, use an ice cream scoop instead. Space the dough mounds evenly and bake in a preheated 350 degrees F convection oven for 16 minutes., ingredients: [6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 5 eggs, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 1 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon walnuts, chopped, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped], title: Jacques Chocolate Mudslide Cookie, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 37842: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium heat.nMix the sugar and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Sprinkle the bananas with sugar and cinnamon mixture. Put them, cut side down, on the grill and cook until grill marks appear, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip over and cook until the peel just starts to pull away from the banana. Remove the bananas from the grill and peel. Add 2 banana halves to each banana split dish. Top with strawberry ice cream, candied pecans, whipped cream and hot fudge sauce. Put a cherry on top and garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 teaspoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 firm bananas, split in 12, lengthwise, in their peels, Storebought strawberry ice cream, 12 cup storebought candied pecans, for topping, Fresh Whipped Cream, for topping, Storebought hot fudge sauce, for topping, Maraschino cherries, for topping, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Banana Split, picturelink: zXbkdvlLT3CqkFaFFNO8ZbfIzByqC4a}, 37843: {instructions: For the salad: In a large bowl, toss together the oranges, radishes, avocados, oil, chives, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.nFor the chimichurri: Place the oil, lime juice, cilantro, parsley, serrano, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper in a blender. Blend on high until smooth.nLightly toss the salad with some of the chimichurri., ingredients: [2 Cara Cara oranges, segmented, 2 French breakfast radishes, thinly sliced, 1 avocado, cut into medium dice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 3 limes, 1 bunch cilantro, 1 bunch parsley, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, 1 clove garlic, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cara Cara Salad, picturelink: GJel6ARl39sHuty.GFaH3WAkE2aj8hy}, 37844: {instructions: Special equipment: a rolling pin or heavy pannUsing the rolling pin or a heavy pan, gently smack the potatoes, 1 potato at a time, until the skin begins to split, exposing the interior of the raw potato.nOver low heat, add the olive oil to a mediumsized heavybottomed saucepan, then add the potatoes and thyme sprigs and season generously with salt and pepper. Place the lid on the pan and allow to cook, undisturbed, shaking the pan every 5 minutes or so, until the bottoms of the potatoes are browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. Check occasionally to make sure the potatoes arent browning too quickly and adjust heat accordingly. Turn the potatoes to their second side, replace the lid, and continue cooking undisturbed a further 5 to 8 minutes.nRemove the lid and cook a further 2 to 3 minutes, for the condensation to evaporate.nRemove the thyme sprigs and add the sliced garlic and chopped fresh thyme and cook until the garlic is caramelized and chewy, about 2 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 smallmedium Yukon potatoes, 12 cup olive oil, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Coarse salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 clove garlic, sliced], title: Cracked Potatoes, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 37845: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread thermometer a standing electric mixer 8 8 to 9ounces paper cupsnBring milk and 12 cup cream just to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, then remove from heat and keep warm, covered. In another small heavy saucepan, add 12 cup sugar and stir, over medium heat, until sugar is dissolved. Stop stirring and cook until the sugar turns a deep golden caramel. Remove from heat and carefully add warm cream mixture mixture will steam vigorously and caramel will harden. Cook over low heat, whisking, until caramel is dissolved. Whisk together yolks, remaining 14 cup sugar, and a pinch of salt in a metal bowl, then add hot caramel mixture in a slow stream, whisking. Transfer custard to saucepan. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring, until thickened and registers 170 degrees F on thermometer do not let boil. Pour custard through a finemesh sieve into bowl of standing mixer, then beat at high speed 10 minutes mixture will be completely cool, thick, and pale. Beat in melted chocolate and vanilla. Whisk remaining 1 cup cream in another bowl until it just holds stiff peaks, then whisk about 14 of cream into chocolate mixture to lighten. Fold in remaining cream gently but thoroughly and divide mixture among paper cups each only 34 full, smoothing tops. Cover each cup with foil and freeze parfaits for at least 12 hours. To serve, carefully tear off each paper cup and invert parfaits onto plates.n23 cup heavy creamn12 cup light corn syrupn13 cup packed dark brown sugarn14 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powdern14 teaspoon saltn6 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, finely choppedn2 tablespoons unsalted buttern1 teaspoon vanilla extractnBring cream, corn syrup, sugar, cocoa, salt, and half of chocolate to a boil in a 1 to 1 12quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until chocolate is melted. Reduce heat and cook at a low boil, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, then remove from heat. Add butter, vanilla, and remaining chocolate and stir until smooth. Cool sauce to warm before serving. Yield: 2 cups Prep Time: 5 minutes Cook Time: 15 minutes Ease of preparation: easy, ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 1 12 cups chilled heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, 8 large egg yolks, Pinch salt, 7 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, melted and cooled, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, unsweetened whipped cream, fresh raspberries], title: Frozen Chocolate Caramel Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 37846: {instructions: Using a hand held mixer, beat together the cream, sugar, cocoa powder and vanilla until stiff peaks form, keep cold.nPlace a few cubes of the angel food cake in the bottom of 4 parfait glasses and drizzle with 1 teaspoon of framboise. Top with a few tablespoons of the chocolate cream, a few tablespoons of raspberries and a grated chocolate. Repeat to make 4 layers ending with chocolate cream. Garnish with a few raspberries and grated chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup very cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons best quality cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 storebought chocolate angel food cake, cut into cubes, 14 cup framboise raspberry liqueur, 1 pint fresh raspberries, Grated bittersweet chocolate], title: Chocolate Angel Food and Raspberry Parfait, picturelink: mpDuucwprHnr7EVq4csR4hxe6UBMH0i}, 37847: {instructions: Melt butter in a 9 to 10inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat then cook mushrooms and shallots, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Add water and cook, stirring, until liquid is evaporated and mushrooms are tender and golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in tarragon.nWhile mushrooms are cooking, lightly beat together whole eggs, whites, Parmesan, kosher salt, and pepper, to taste.nPreheat broiler.nAdd egg mixture to mushrooms then cook over high heat, stirring briskly, until eggs are softly scrambled, 2 to 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low and form frittata into a 6 12inch square with a spatula. Cook over low heat until bottom is set, about 2 minutes.nPlace skillet under broiler wrap nonmetal handles in foil, 5 to 6 inches from heat, and broil until eggs are just firm to the touch and barely golden, 1 to 2 minutes.nTransfer frittata to a cutting board and cool. Trim edges of square, then cut frittata into 24 rectangles.nCut each prosciutto slice lengthwise into 3 strips. Wrap a prosciutto strip lengthwise around each egg rectangle, then tie a chive around crosswise. Serve at room temperature.nCooks note: Frittata squares can be made a day ahead and chilled, covered with a dampened paper towel, then with plastic wrap. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps finely chopped, 2 shallots, minced, 14 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 whole large eggs, 6 large egg whites, 14 cup finely shredded Parmesan, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly grated black pepper, 8 thin slices prosciutto, 24 thin fresh chives, lightly blanched], title: Shiitake Frittata Squares with Prosciutto, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 37848: {instructions: Combine the broth, bean mix, salt, pepper, celery, carrots, garlic, onions, bay leaf, thyme and 2 cups water in a slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 7 hours. Add the barley and, if the broth looks low, another cup of water. Cover and cook on low an additional 1 hour 8 hours total.nJust before serving, stir in the spinach to wilt. Serve in a big bowl with toasted crusty bread or baguette., ingredients: [8 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 1 pound dried bean mix navy, kidney, pinto mix, rinsed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 stalks celery, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 bay leaf, A few sprigs fresh thyme, 8 ounces dried barley, 8 ounces baby spinach, Toasted crusty bread or baguette, for serving], title: Slow Cooker Bean and Barley Stew, picturelink: rqg8RsuMxPEOQIKHmzECOxkWFKwFr6q}, 37849: {instructions: Make the filling: Place the fresh raspberry puree in a pan and bring it to a boil. Pour the hot fruit puree over the chopped milk chocolate. The hot puree will melt the milk chocolate. Use a whisk to mix the chocolate and fruit puree. Add the butter and continue to whisk. Continually whisk while adding the alcohol and the corn syrup. Mix until well combined with no remaining lumps. Let this cool. Must be less than 88 degrees or it will melt the chocolate molded inside each cavity. Paint the molds: Place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and apply color to the empty molds. This is what will give the finished chocolates their color. Repeat to paint as many molds as you have. Mold the chocolates: Use a ladle to fill the mold with white chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of each cavity should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the mold clean with an offset spatula and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the mold again with an offset spatula. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Repeat to fill as many molds as you have. Place the raspberry ganache in a piping bag and pipe it into the chocolate filled molds. Leave just enough room for the layer of chocolate that closes the mold. Let set in the refrigerator for a couple of hours or overnight. To close the bottoms of each cavity, use tempered white chocolate and apply with an offset spatula. Scrape clean and allow to them to set. You can place them in the refrigerator for 15 minutes. When the chocolate has set, invert the mold over a clean dry surface. It may be necessary to rap the mold against the counter to encourage the chocolates to release from the mold.nSource: Heart molds: Beryls, ingredients: [2 cups raspberry puree, 15 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoons raspberry flavored alcohol, 14 cup corn syrup, Powdered food coloring, as desired, 1 pound white chocolate, tempered], title: Brick Red Raspberry Hearts, picturelink: EIzoYP5f1MEi8kBBvalVB39qJhhsXS}, 37850: {instructions: Add the raspberries and the limoncello to a small bowl and allow to macerate. Place 1 scoop sorbet between 2 cookies. Top each sandwich with the raspberries and enjoy, ingredients: [1 pint raspberries, 2 tablespoons limoncello, plus more if desired, 1 pint lemon sorbet, 16 meringue cookies], title: MeringueaTangs, picturelink: dz74muVdsDuMiiao54O0yY4ALIu6EC}, 37851: {instructions: To make the pastry: combine the flour, sugar, salt, and lemon zest in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg yolk and pour in the ice water work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. Form the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nTo make the filling: combine the peaches, blueberries, lemon juice, sugar, and flour in a large mixing bowl. Toss the mixture gently to coat the fruit.nPrepare your wooden burning brick oven according to manufacturers directions or place a pizza stone in a conventional oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out into a 14inch circle, about 14inch thick it doesnt have to be perfect, freeform is the look you want for this rustic tart. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured pizza paddle. Spoon the fruit mixture into the center of the dough, leaving a 2inch border all around brush the border with the egg wash. Lift the edge of crust over the filling, leaving the fruit exposed in center. Gently fold and pinch the dough to seal any cracks. Brush the crust with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake the crostata directly on the brick oven floor towards the front or on the preheated pizza stone for 30 to 40 minutes or until the crust is golden brown and fruit is bubbly and tender. Slide a pizza paddle under the tart to remove it from the oven. Serve warm or at room temperature with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed, 4 large ripe peaches, pitted and sliced, 1 pint fresh blueberries, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 2 tablespoons sugar, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Rustic Peach and Blueberry Crostata, picturelink: null}, 37852: {instructions: Heat oil in skillet over medium high heat and stir in ginger. Cook until aroma is released and then stir in garlic. Toss in broccoli slices and toss to coat. Cook for several minutes until broccoli is bright green. Add water and cover to steam. When broccoli is tender, splash in sesame oil and stir in sesame seeds. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, Splash of sesame oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 2 cups trimmed and sliced in coins broccoli stems], title: Broccoli Clouds with Sesame, picturelink: null}, 37853: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the cheese and butter. Process until the mixture is smooth. Add the scallions and garlic and pulse until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread the cheese mixture on the cut sides of the bread. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes until golden.nUsing a serrated knife, cut the bread into 1inch thick slices and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, shredded or coarsely grated, 6 ounces butter, at room temperature, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 pound loaf ciabatta bread, cut in half horizontally], title: Cheddar and Scallion Bread, picturelink: s6YWE5RCjgIllf.RgToGfhVQ6QFFrTG}, 37854: {instructions: 1. Place carrots, onion and garlic into the Vitamix container and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 4 or 5.n4. Blend for 10 seconds or until chopped.n5. Heat oil in a small pan and saute chopped ingredients until onion is clear and carrots are tender. Add a little broth, if needed.n6. Place remaining ingredients into the Vitamix container, add sauteed ingredients and secure lid.n7. Select Variable 1.n8. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High. 9. Blend for 34 minutes or until heavy steam escapes from the vented lid., ingredients: [4 244 g medium carrots, peeled, halved or 2 cups chopped, 14 18 g small onion, peeled or 2 tablespoons chopped, 4 small garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons 30 ml oil, 12 teaspoon salt, pinch of white pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger root or Ginger Paste, 13 cup 70 g light silken tofu, 2 cups 480 ml low sodium vegetable or chicken broth], title: Carrot Ginger Tofu Soup, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 37855: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large mixing bowl combine slaw mix and red onion set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, stir together remaining ingredients and pour over slaw mix. Toss to combine. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if desired.nRefrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 12ounce package broccoli slaw mix recommended: The Produce Stand, 14 cup diced red onion, 23 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons diced jalapenos recommended: Ortega, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet and Spicy Slaw, picturelink: 5v5nFd6aGigSPRbAD7i2UUnWWRAKRhS}, 37856: {instructions: Melt butter over moderate heat in a medium stockpot or Dutch oven. Cook onion with salt and pepper until soft, about 15 minutes. Stir in sorrel and cook over moderate heat, uncovered, about 5 minutes. Stir occasionally so the sorrel is evenly cooked.nAdd half and half, water, and Tabasco pepper sauce. Bring to a boil and remove from heat. Puree in a blender until smooth and strain through a medium sieve. Stir in lemon juice, adjust with salt and pepper, and refrigerate a minimum of 4 hours, or, to serve immediately, chill in bowl rested in another bowl of iced water. Serve cold., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 bunches sorrel, stems trimmed and washed, 1 12 cups half and half, 2 cups water, Dash of Tabasco pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Cold Sorrel Soup, picturelink: null}, 37857: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a large stockpot, add the pork butt, hocks, onion, celery, peppercorns and bay leaves. Barely cover with water and simmer over low heat until the pork is tender and the meat falls off the bones, about 2 hours.nDrain and reserve the stock. Pour the solid contents onto a sheet pan so that you can easily discard the celery, onions, peppercorns, bay leaves and all of the bones. Make sure to pull the meat completely off the bones, being careful to remove all the small pieces of bone.nAdd the meat to a food processor with blade attachment and pulse to coarsely chop. Dont over grind it.nMeasure 1 gallon of stock and return it to the pot with the meat and cayenne, black pepper, salt, and sage. Bring to a simmer over low heat.nAdd the cornmeal and stir, stir, stir. Simmer until smooth and thick, about 15 minutes or so. Add a little stock or water, if needed, to ensure a smooth texture.nPour into 3 loaf pans and refrigerate until solid, preferably overnight.nUnmold, slice and fry in clarified butter until golden brown. Serve with applesauce or maple syrup.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 whole pork butt, cut into 6 to 8 pieces, 4 whole hocks, fresh, 1 whole onion, peeled and cut in 12, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 4 bay leaves, Water, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped sage leaves, 3 cups white cornmeal, 3 cups yellow cornmeal, Clarified butter, for pan frying, Applesauce or maple syrup, for serving], title: Scrapple, picturelink: KMwyYOOy9U1iVefTaB9ZHPKRiXi6l6}, 37858: {instructions: Mushroom Strudel Filling: In large saute pan sweat garlic in butter. Add mushrooms and saute briefly. Deglaze with Marsala and add all remaining ingredients. Cook on low heat until all liquid has evaporated. Remove thyme stems and chill mushroom mixture.nBraised Shallots: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn large saute pan, caramelize shallots in butter. Deglaze with white wine and Espagnole sauce. Add all remaining ingredients. Cover the pan, place in the oven, and cook until shallots are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and keep hot.nSauce: Place all ingredients in saucepan and reduce by half.nLentils: Place both ingredients in a saucepan, bring to a boil, and then simmer on medium heat until lentils are tender.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLay phyllo out on a flat surface 4 sheets per strudel. Brush one side of each sheet with melted butter and layer together.nPlace 3 ounces of strudel mix in center of dough, leaving one inch of uncovered dough on either end. Fold over edges and roll to form a strudel. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nBake in 350 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until brown. Remove from oven and cut through middle of strudel on bias.nCover plate with 6 ounces of sauce. Place 4 braised shallots in center of plate, stack strudel on top of shallots, and garnish with French lentils., ingredients: [1 12 ounce garlic, chopped fine, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 3 ounces porcini mushrooms, sliced, 2 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 each portobello mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup Marsala, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 fresh thyme sprig, 16 whole peeled shallots, 2 ounces butter, 4 ounces white wine, 4 ounces Espagnole sauce reinforced and thickened veal stock, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 cups Espagnole sauce reinforced and thickened veal stock, 2 cups Port, 1 thyme sprig, 1 ounce French lentils, 2 cups chicken stock, 8 sheets phyllo dough halved widthwise, to make 16 sheets, 2 ounces melted butter], title: Mushroom Strudel with Braised Shallots and French Lentils, with a Port DemiGlaze, picturelink: null}, 37859: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the garlic and oil to a boil, then turn the heat to low, and cook for 5 minutes, until the garlic is lightly browned. Turn off the heat and set aside. The garlic will continue to cook.nRemove the garlic cloves from the oil and slice them. Place them in a bowl and pour the oil over them., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Garlic Oil, picturelink: null}, 37860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and stir for 1 minute to coat them with the butter. Add the broth, cover and simmer for 7 minutes, or until the Brussels sprouts are tender. Uncover and continue to simmer for 4 minutes or until all of the broth evaporates. Transfer the Brussels sprouts to a medium bowl.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the same pan. Add the sunflower seeds, scallions and chile and saute for 2 minutes, or until the nuts are toasted and the chile is tender. Stir in the cream and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and return the Brussels sprouts to the pan. Toss to coat with the cream and season the Brussels sprouts to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, halved, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup roasted salted sunflower seeds, 3 scallions, minced white and pale green parts only, 1 morilla chile, stemmed, seeded and very thinly sliced, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brussels Sprouts in Morilla Cream, picturelink: Y.AmE0AHilvnr7pAmSnc1qMZmPScXq}, 37861: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer, cream the brown sugar, butter and granulated sugar until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time until well incorporated. Mix in 13 cup of water and the vanilla.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the flour, salt and baking soda and add to the butter mixture. Mix on low until the flour mixture is incorporated, and then mix in the chocolate pieces.nScoop out the dough onto the prepared cookie sheet and freeze for an hour. The cookies will spread, so limit 4 cookies for each cookie sheet to give ample room.nBake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes, rotating the trays halfway through. Remove from the oven and cool. Remove the cookies with a flat spatula to prevent breaking.nCooks Note: The recipe does yield a lot of dough, but its a great freeze and bake cookie. Once you have scooped all the dough and placed them into the freezer, you can pop them into a zip top bag and just bake off as many as you want when you need tonThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 34 cups 3 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 whole eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups white flour, 1 12 teaspoons table salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 pound dark chocolate or chocolate chips], title: Thin and Crispy Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: tIQ1ci7adGPTw3EVuucx9otZN6X.SEC}, 37862: {instructions: Toss 4 wide strips orange zest with 12 cup sugar set aside 1 hour. Simmer 1 bottle kosher red wine, 12 teaspoon each whole cloves and peppercorns, 3 star anise pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bay leaf, and the sugar mixture to taste over medium heat, 15 minutes. Ladle into glasses, leaving the spices and zest in the pan. Garnish with cinnamon sticks.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Mulled Wine, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 37863: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace sugars, water and cream in a heavy, medium saucepan over moderate heat. Stir often and cook to a soft ball stage, about 8 to 10 minutes. Use a candy thermometer the softball stage is between 234 degrees F and 240 degrees F.nRemove from heat and beat mixture with an electric mixer in the pot on low setting until creamy, 2 or 3 minutes. Stir in all the pecans to coat evenly. Using a soup spoon or tablespoon, drop big spoonfuls of praline mixture onto a buttered sheet pan to cool., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup white granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 12 cups whole pecans, Butter, to grease cookie sheet], title: Nannys Basic Pecan Pralines, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 37864: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese with the sugar. Add the egg, milk and vanilla extract. Set aside.nPrepare the brownie mix according to the package directions. Spoon 23 of the brownie batter into a parchmentlined 9 x 13inch baking pan. Spoon the reserved cream cheese mixture over the brownie batter. Now scrape the remaining brownie batter over the cream cheese mixture. Swirl the tip of a knife through the batter to make a marbled effect. Press MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies into the batter.nBake for 4550 minutes in a preheated, 350degree oven until slightly moist in the center. Cool completely before cutting 8x4 into 1u00bdinch squares., ingredients: [1 box 8 oz. reduced fat cream cheese, 13 cup sugar, 1 egg, 18 cup milk, u00bd teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 package brownie mix choose directions for the cakestyle brownies, 1 cup MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies], title: Marbled Brownies, picturelink: PgJB6cv.aOX2DKo76OtsHjLqupwfYOO}, 37865: {instructions: Prepare the gougeres: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. In a large saucepan, combine the butter, salt and 1 cup water. Stir over high heat until the butter melts completely, then remove the pan from the heat and add all the flour at once. Stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until smooth, then transfer to a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed and add the eggs one at a time, ensuring each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Beat in the grated cheese.nTransfer the dough to a pastry bag, or use 2 wet spoons to drop neat 1tablespoon mounds onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them about 1 inch apart. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden and crisp. When done, turn off the oven and let the gougeres dry out in the oven with the door ajar to keep them nice and crisp.nCook the apples for the filling: Peel the apples and discard the core cut into 12inch dice. Melt the butter in a large saute pan over high heat. When foaming, add the spices. They will toast instantly and become fragrant add the apples and saute for 3 to 4 minutes, until browned. Add 2 tablespoons water, the honey and lemon juice. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the liquid is reduced and the apples are tender. Set aside to cool slightly.nSet a clean saute pan over medium heat. Add enough olive oil to coat the pan when hot, fry the sage leaves until crisp and almost transparent, about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels. Add the prosciutto pieces to the same pan in a single layer work in batches, if necessary. Cook for 1 minute on each side to crisp them up. Drain on paper towels.nTo assemble, carefully tear off the top third of each gougere and spoon in some warm apple filling. Top with a sage leaf and a piece of prosciutto and season lightly with fleur de sel. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with black pepper.nPhotographs by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, 1 cup grated sharp white cheddar, 6 honey crisp apples, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, Pinch of ground cloves, 1 tablespoon orange blossom honey, Juice of 1 lemon, Extravirgin olive oil, for frying, plus more for topping, 1 bunch sage, leaves only, 10 to 15 thin slices prosciutto, torn into bitesize pieces, Fleur de sel and freshly ground black pepper], title: White Cheddar Gougeres, Apple Pulp, Prosciutto and Sage, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 37866: {instructions: In a heavybottomed pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion, the garlic, the ginger root and the jalapeno. Saute for 2 minutes, stirring. Add the split peas, the coriander, the cumin, the celery seed, the cinnamon and the clove. Mix well. Add the chicken stock, stir again, and bring to a boil. Turn heat down to low and simmer slowly, partially covered, for about one hour, or until split peas are just soft. You may need to add more chicken stock if peas become too thick and dry.nWhile soup is cooking, prepare the relish: Toss all six ingredients together in a bowl. Season to taste.nWith a wooden spoon, crush a few of the soft peas in the soup against the side of the pot. Stir well. If the soup is too thick, add a little chicken stock. Season to taste. Ladle the hot soup into four wide soup bowls. Mix in most of the tomato relish, saving about 14 cup. Place three shrimp in the center of each bowl. Divide the remaining tomato relish among the four bowls, placing it in the center of the shrimp. Top that with a few fresh cilantro leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup finely minced onion about 2 medium, 4 teaspoons finely minced garlic, 4 teaspoons finely minced ginger root, 1 teaspoon finely minced jalapeno, or to taste, 2 cups yellow split peas, washed, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin seed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 8 cups chicken stock, 12 cooked shrimp, 1 cup finely diced fresh tomato, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup minced cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon minced jalapeno, 2 teaspoons fresh grated lemon juice, 12 teaspoon grated lemon rind], title: DalIndian Split Pea Soup and Fresh Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 37867: {instructions: To make the honey almond praline: Melt the butter, add sugar and honey, cook until bubbly and ingredients marry. Remove from the heat and stir in the almonds. Let this mixture cool.nTo make the custard filling: First place the sugar and cornstarch in a small to medium pan. In a bowl, mix the egg yolks and milk together. Whisk them into the sugar and starch mixture in the pan. Cook this over low heat and gradually increase to a medium heat bringing the mixture to a boil. The mixture will bubble slowly. Whisk this bubbling mixture for 3 to 4 minutes and remove from heat.nSoak the gelatin in a 14 cup of warm water for 5 minutes. Add gelatin mixture to hot custard and whisk. Set aside to cool in a clean bowl. Cover with plastic to keep mixture from crusting and refrigerate until cool.nAfter mixture has cooled, whip cream, sugar, and vanilla to medium peaks. Fold whipped cream into cooled custard. Make sure to whisk custard to creamy stage before gradually folding in whipping cream. Refrigerate until ready to fill split cake layers.nTo make the cake: Sift flour and salt together into a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour. Add yeast and sugar to the well. Add milk, cooled melted butter, and egg, and let sit for 2 minutes to soften yeast, whisk yeast and liquid ingredients only to dissolve yeast. Gradually whisk or beat in flour until well is blended. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead in enough flour only until dough is no longer sticky. Continue kneading approximately 5 to 7 minutes until dough is smooth and elastic. Cover dough with a towel or plastic wrap and let dough rest approximately 12 hour to 45 minutes.nPunch dough down. Roll or pat dough into 9 inch, greased pan. Prick dough all over with a fork. Spread cooled honey almond praline over dough. Let cake rest and double in height approximately, 45 to 60 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake until golden approximately 20 to 25 minutes.nTo assemble the cake: Cut cooled cake in half to make 2 layers. Drizzle 13 jar caramel over bottom layer. Top with the custard mixture. Place the top layer over the custard and refrigerate or freeze for several hours to firm up custard before cutting.nThis recipe can be doubled and made into a half sheet cake the size of a jellyroll pan, this is wonderful to serve for breakfast gatherings, this cake will not be too sweet. If baking in half sheet, use a piece of cardboard to lift off top half of cake, you can use a flattened paper plate on round cake layers., ingredients: [2 ounces 12 stick butter, 2 ounces 13 cup sugar, 14 cup 2 ounces honey, 34 cup 2 ounces almonds, 23 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 egg yolks, 2 cups milk, 1 envelope, plus 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 14 cup water, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 package active dry yeast or 1 cake fresh yeast, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup warm milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted and cooked, 1 egg, 13 jar caramel topping], title: Beehive Cake, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 37868: {instructions: Special equipment: a twoburner grill pan or a panini makernSlice the bread in half horizontally and spread the cutsides with the honey mustard. Build the sandwich by layering the bottom half of the loaf with half of the provolone, followed by the ham, turkey, salami and the remaining provolone the provolone should be touching the bread on both sides, with the meat sandwiched in between. Cover with the top half of the loaf.nSpread some of the butter on top of the loaf, then carefully flip over and butter the bottom. Slice into the desired number of sandwichesnHeat a large twoburner grill pan over medium heat, or heat a panini maker. Add the sandwiches to the pan and cook, pressing down with a spatula, until the undersides are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes see Cooks Note. Turn the sandwiches and continue to cook, pressing, until golden brown on the reverse side and the cheese is melted, another 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the panini to a cutting board and slice in half. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 loaf rustic Italian bread, such as ciabatta or pane rustica, 4 teaspoons honey mustard, 12 ounces sliced provolone, 4 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham, 4 ounces thinly sliced roast turkey breast, 4 ounces thinly sliced Genoa salami, 3 tablespoons butter, softened], title: Italian Panini, picturelink: oyKy4gBBzT6kX0BWlsTP6AtuIHxc42S}, 37869: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat refried beans in small nonstick pan over medium heat and season with hot sauce. Transfer the beans to a small, deep casserole dish. Scrape pan clean with rubber spatula and return to heat.nAdd a little extravirgin olive oil to the pan and raise heat to high. When the oil smokes, add the scallions and sear them, 2 to 3 minutes. Add green salsa to scallions and heat through. Add cilantro, remove salsa from heat, and layer on top of the beans.nReturn the same pan to the stove, lower heat to medium and add black beans, heat through and season with cumin, layer on top of the green salsa.nTop the black beans with a layer of chipotle salsa. Mix sour cream the lime zest and juice and spread on top of the chipotle salsa.nCombine the meat of 2 ripe avocados with garlic, lemon juice, jalapeno and salt to form a chunky guacamole. Top the salsa with guacamole. Garnish the dip with the final layer of diced tomatoes and sliced olives., ingredients: [1 15ounce can refried beans, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 4 scallions, cut into 1 inch pieces, 1 16 to 18 ounce jar green chili or tomatillo salsa, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, a palm full, chopped, 1 15ounce can black beans, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 23 palm full, 1 16 to 18 ounce jar chipotle salsa, 2 cups sour cream, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 2 ripe avocados, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, Salt, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, Pimiento stuffed jumbo Spanish olives, chopped, Tortilla chips, buy 2 sacks in 2 different colorsvarieties], title: Lucky 7 Layer Dip, picturelink: 5HWQ6jtIT5LtZqcGUcU0kzIoh8ny83e}, 37870: {instructions: In a large bowl filled with warm water, soak 1 rice paper wrapper for about 20 seconds or until soft. Lay wrapper out on a tea towel to absorb excess water. Transfer wrapper to a flat surface. About 13 from the bottom of the wrapper, create a 3inch long row by placing some cilantro leaves followed by some red pepper, yellow pepper, snow peas, mushrooms, bean sprouts, buckwheat noodles and a little ginger. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the top 13 of the rice wrapper with black sesame seeds. Carefully fold the bottom of the rice paper wrapper over the vegetables. Turn in the sides and continue rolling up from the bottom.nTo serve, slice the roll in half on a bias. Serve with OrangeChili Dipping Sauce.nSeasoned Buckwheat Noodles:nIn a medium sized bowl, whisk together the sesame oil and rice wine vinegar. Toss the cooked buckwheat noodles in the sesame mixture. Set aside.nWhisk together all the ingredients in a mixing bowl. Allow the sauce to stand for 30 minutes so that the flavors can infuse. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [Warm water, for soaking rice paper wrappers, 1 package rice paper wrappers, see Cooks Note, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup julienned red bell pepper, 12 cup julienned yellow bell pepper, 1 cup snow peas, stringed and julienned, 3 12 ounce package enoki mushrooms, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 recipe seasoned Buckwheat or Soba Noodles, recipe follows, 14 cup pickled ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, OrangeChili Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 cup cooked buckwheat noodles, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons lime juice, about 12 lime, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Rice Paper Wraps with Vegetables, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 37871: {instructions: Whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a bowl. Tear watercress into bitesized pieces and toss with dressing. Divide salad among 6 serving plates. Thinly slice avocado halves into strips lengthwise. Garnish center of each salad with avocado and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 large bunches watercress, stems removed, leaves washed and well dried, 2 ripe avocados, halved, seeded, and peeled], title: Watercress and Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 37872: {instructions: Place a heavy pot over mediumhigh heat and fill with at least 1inch vegetable oil. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Portable deepfryers at home are great for this, but if you donu00bft have one, use a candy thermometer u00bf just be carefulnVery thinly slice the jicama, as you would a potato to make chips, then stack a few slices at a time and cut them all into matchsticksized pieces.nCarefully place the chips into the hot oil use a slotted spoon and wear mitts and fry until very crispy just a few minutes will do. Cook in batches, as necessary. Remove and drain on paper towels.nSprinkle liberally with equal amounts of salt, onion, and garlic powders, and paprika to taste. Toss to coat well and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 to 6 cups vegetable oil more or less depending on pot size, 1 medium jicama, peeled, Salt, Onion powder, Garlic powder, Paprika], title: Jicama Matchstick Fries, picturelink: null}, 37873: {instructions: In a large 10 to 12inch saute pan, cook the onions in butter on mediumlow heat for 12 to 15 minutes, until the onions are lightly browned. Dont rush this step it makes all the difference when the onions are well cooked.nSprinkle the flour into the pan, whisk in, then add the salt and pepper. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the hot chicken stock and Cognac, and cook uncovered for 4 to 5 minutes, until thickened. Add the cream, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 2 onions, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, heated, 1 tablespoon Cognac or brandy, 1 tablespoon heavy cream optional], title: Homemade Gravy, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 37874: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Make the pumpkin seed pesto: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil, the pepitas, 12 teaspoon salt and a large pinch of paprika in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook, shaking the skillet, until the seeds begin popping and some turn brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Transfer the seeds and oil to a food processor add 12 cup water, the parsley, scallions, lemon juice and 14 teaspoon salt and pulse until pureed. Remove about 3 tablespoons of the pesto for the hens and set aside the rest for serving.nSlide your fingers under the breast skin of each hen to loosen. Slide 2 heaping teaspoons of the pesto under the skin of each hen, then rub the skin to distribute the pesto.nMash the garlic and 2 teaspoons salt with the flat side of a chefs knife to make a paste. Combine with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 teaspoon paprika in a bowl, then rub all over the hens. Refrigerate, uncovered, at least 2 hours or overnight.nPut the hens on a rack in a shallow roasting pan or rimmed baking sheet and tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Roast, rotating the pan halfway through, until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 170 degrees F, about 1 hour. Let rest 15 minutes, then cut each hen in half. Serve with the reserved pesto.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pepitas hulled green pumpkin seeds, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon plus large pinch of paprika, 1 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 Cornish game hens 1 12 to 1 34 pounds each, gizzards discarded, 1 small clove garlic, minced], title: Roasted Cornish Game Hens With Pumpkin Seed Pesto, picturelink: vXxtpt14FEm8U2yWvIUhN5qFsGNgoaS}, 37875: {instructions: Make the chili: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, bell pepper and jalapenos and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chipotle, chili powder, cumin, coriander and oregano. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are well coated, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons water if the mixture gets too dry, about 3 minutes.nAdd the beef, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring and breaking up the meat, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, beans, bay leaf, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium low. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the bay leaf season the chili with salt.nMeanwhile, make the ranch sour cream: Combine the sour cream, vinegar, cilantro, chives and scallions in a bowl. Add 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper whisk until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nLadle the chili into bowls top with the ranch sour cream and fried onions.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 red jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 14ounce cans diced tomatoes, 2 15ounce cans kidney beans do not drain, 1 bay leaf, For the ranch sour cream:, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Canned fried onions, for topping], title: Chili with Ranch Sour Cream, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 37876: {instructions: Core and coarsely chop the apples do not peel. Combine with 1 12 cups cider in a medium saucepan over medium heat cover and cook until softened, about 8 minutes. Uncover and continue cooking until the apples are tender and the cider is almost completely reduced, about 5 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender or in a food processor until smooth. Measure the sauce you should have 1 cup. Boil to reduce further, if necessary. Let cool slightly.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, salt and nutmeg in a medium bowl.nBeat 23 cup granulated sugar and the shortening in another bowl with a mixer on medium speed until sandy. Beat in the egg and yolk, then gradually mix in the applesauce, scraping the bowl. Beat in half of the flour mixture, then the buttermilk and vanilla, and then the remaining flour mixture. Mix to make a sticky dough do not overmix.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured sheet of parchment paper and pat into a 7by11inch rectangle, about 12 inch thick. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Simmer the remaining 1 cup cider in a small saucepan over medium heat until reduced to 14 cup. Whisk in the confectioners sugar until smooth and glossy, then set aside. Mix the remaining 1 cup granulated sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon in a shallow bowl set aside for the topping.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Cut the chilled dough into 12 rounds, using a floured 2 12 or 3inch biscuit cutter, then cut out the middles with a 1inch cutter or use a doughnut cutter. Slip 2 or 3 doughnuts at a time into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side, adjusting the heat as needed. Transfer to the paper towels to drain.nDip one side of each doughnut in the cider glaze, letting the excess drip off dip just the glazed side in the cinnamonsugar or roll all over in cinnamonsugar, if desired. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [2 red apples, such as Cortland or McIntosh, 2 12 cups apple cider, 3 12 cups allpourpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 3 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 23 cups granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Apple Cider Doughnuts, picturelink: EJOoUg3kuAYsr2o.ym9GB5Vbs3HpLr.}, 37877: {instructions: Put all ingredients except lime wedges into blender and puree until smooth. Work in batches, if necessary. Serve chilled in bowls garnished with chopped cilantro and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 28 ounce can whole peeled organic tomatoes in juice, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 1pound bag pepper stirfry vegetables, 1 cup orange juice, 4 cloves whole peeled garlic, 1 jalapeno chile pepper, deseeded and chopped, 1 slice health nut bread, torn into pieces, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, Lime wedges, garnish], title: Gazpacho Monterey, picturelink: j872vos1EdxtIKFmzIvSPCYBFG49SO2}, 37878: {instructions: Combine 1 12 cups water and sugar in a small saucepan over high heat. Cook until the sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Cool the simply syrup completely. This simple syrup can be made 1 week in advance and stored, covered, in the refrigerator.nCombine the simple syrup, lemon juice and orange juice in a pitcher. Mix in the club soda. Add the lemon slices, orange slices and mint.nFill glasses with crushed ice. Add 1 shot bourbon to each glass and fill to the top with the sparkling lemonade. Garnish each glass with mint., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup fresh lemon juice about 4 large lemons, 12 cup fresh orange juice 1 large orange, 4 cups club soda, chilled, Lemon slices about 4 large lemons, Orange slices 1 large orange, 1 bunch fresh mint sprigs, plus more for garnish, Crushed ice, 6 shots bourbon], title: Sparkling Bourbon Lemonade, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 37879: {instructions: If you are making your own pastry dough, aerate the flour by sifting it together with the salt and sugar into a large bowl. Add butter in pieces and rub it in with your fingertips until you reach a texture similar to fine bread crumbs. Try to keep your hands cool. Add cold water gradually, mixing only enough water as you need to make the dough form. Form the dough into a disk for ease of handling, and place it in a bowl covered with plastic or a clean damp towel, and allow to rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. When rested, roll the pastry out onto a lightly floured surface with a rolling pin, to a thickness of about 18inch and line a well buttered 9 12inch flan pan with a removable bottom. Trim away any excess pastry hanging over the edge of the pan. Place pastry shell into the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the base of the chilled pastry shell with parchment paper. Then fill with ceramic pastry weights or dried beans and place on a baking tray in the oven and partially bake blind bake for 25 minutes. Remove the weightsbeans, prick the base of pastry to prevent bubblingup of base, and return to the oven for a further 5 minutes to dry out the base. Remove pastry shell from oven and allow to cool. Also allow oven to cool to 350 degrees F.nWhile the pastry shell is cooling, prepare the sponge cake batter:nHeat the milk over low heat. Add the butter and let it melt into the milk. Set the pot aside temporarily. Beat the sugar and eggs in a large bowl with an electric beater until it is about triple in volume and is the consistency of soft whipped cream. Return the pot with the milk to the stovetop and heat until hot. Sift cake flour and baking powder together several times to aerate. Sift the 13 of the flour and baking powder into the bowl of beaten eggs and sugar, and fold together. Repeat for each remaining third of the flour mixture, folding together after the addition of each third. Then, add the hot milk and butter all at once and fold in.nFor the filling and topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the jam over the base of the cooled pastry shell and pour the cake batter over the top of the layer of jam. Then sprinkle the surface of the cake batter with coconut. Bake in oven for 20 to 25 minutes until the surface springs back when touched and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes. Then while wearing oven mitts, push base of tin upwards from bottom to release tart from sides of pan. You may want to use a spatula to also slide the tart off the base onto your serving plate however, if it starts to break apart, the nearly invisible base of the flan pan enables you to use it for service with little consequence to your presentation., ingredients: [78 cup allpurpose flour 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon, plus more for board or cloth, Pinch salt defined in some circles as 116 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup softened butter plus extra, for greasing baking tin, 1 glass ice water standing by probably 3 to 5 tablespoons will be used, 14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 34 cup sugar, 5 eggs, 34 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup jam of your choice, such as strawberry, apricot, or raspberry, 12 cup shredded white coconut], title: Manchester Tart, picturelink: null}, 37880: {instructions: Preheat a large grill pan or griddle over medium to medium high heat. Preheat a small skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of oil and butter to the small skillet. Add onion to the melted butter and oil. Saute the onion, stirring frequently, 10 to 12 minutes or until onions are caramel colored and soft. Build sandwiches: spread 14 of the onions on each of 4 slices of bread. Top onions with a thin layer of fontina and sprinkle with chopped sage. Add a thin layer of pears to each sandwich, then more fontina and the top slice of bread. Drizzle the sandwiches with extravirgin olive oil. Place drizzled side down and arrange the sandwiches on hot grill or griddle. Drizzle opposite side of each sandwich with oil and weigh the sandwiches with foil wrapped bricks or with a heavy skillet, weighted with a sack of flour or canned goods. Press sandwiches 2 or 3 minutes on each side and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 8 thin slices of a large loaf of crusty, chewy Italian bread, 1 pound fontina, shredded or sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 1 red skinned ripe pear, thinly sliced], title: Panini with Caramelized Onion, Pear and Fontina, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 37881: {instructions: Bring salted water to a boil. Parboil the broccoli for a minute and remove. Add the penne and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.nIn a large skillet heat the olive oil. When hot, add the onion and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken and saute, stirring continuously until no longer pink. Add the garlic and saute a few moments, then add the white wine, oregano and tomato sauce. Add the parboiled broccoli and simmer just to reheat. Season to taste with salt and pepper and garnish with Italian parsley. Drain penne and transfer to a bowl. Top with chicken and broccoli saute and serve., ingredients: [2 cups broccoli florets, 8 ounces penne, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup minced onion, 12 ounces skinless boneless chicken breast, cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons white wine, 12 teaspoon oregano, 1 to 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Saute of Chicken and Broccoli  Italian Style, picturelink: null}, 37882: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2tablespoon cookie scoopnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the butter and brown sugar, and mix well. Add the pudding and mix until incorporated, then add the eggs and vanilla, and mix well.nIn a separate bowl, mix together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. With the mixer set to low speed, add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture. Continue mixing on low speed and add the cinnamon chips, pecans and cranberries until just combined. Portion the cookies out using a 2tablespoon cookie scoop and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 13 minutes.nNote: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcast., ingredients: [1 12 cups melted butter, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 1 cup instant vanilla pudding mix, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cinnamon chips, 34 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Cinnamon Chip, Cranberry and Pecan Cookies, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 37883: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the sour cream: Mix all the ingredients together and set aside.nFor the black beans: Combine the black beans with the onion and garlic cloves. Cover with water and bring to a boil, and then simmer, covered. The beans are ready when they are tender, about 1 12 hours. Drain and set aside to cool down. Drain.nFor the vegetables: Saute all ingredients in a medium saute pan in the oil over mediumhigh and set aside to cool down.nFor the patties: Take about 34 cup black beans after they have cooled and put into food processor and pulse until the beans break apart but dont form a big ball of mush.nAdd the beans to the sauteed vegetables and mix in the flour, cumin, salt and pepper, and adobo and form into 6 to 8 patties.nAdd enough oil to coat a medium saute pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 to 3 patties and cook for about 1 minute, and then turn and sear the other sides for 1 more minute. The patties should have a golden brown crust. Place into the oven for about 4 minutes.nWhile the patties are in the oven, add enough oil to coat a medium saute pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onion and cook for 1 minute. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper, and wilt. Add the diced tomatoes and toss to warm through.nSet the spinach in the center of a plate and place 2 to 3 bean cakes on top. Squeeze a little lime juice on top and top off with chipotle sour cream., ingredients: [4 ounces sour cream, 1 teaspoon adobo, Squeeze lime juice, 2 cups dried black beans, 1 onion, chopped, 5 garlic cloves, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 6 to 8 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon adobo, Olive oil, 14 cup julienned red onion, 14 cup diced tomatoes, Squeeze lime juice], title: Black Bean Cakes, picturelink: null}, 37884: {instructions: To a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the hazelnut liqueur, coffee liqueur, vodka and cream. Shake vigorously for 1 minute, then strain into 4 digestif glasses. Top with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [1 ounce hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico, 1 ounce coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 2 ounces vodka, 1 ounce heavy cream, 2 teaspoons chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Hazelnut Coffee Martini, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 37885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the cranberrymango relish in a food processor and process until smooth.nWhip together the cream, sugar and vanilla extract until soft peaks form. Reserve 14 cup of the cream in a separate bowl. Fold the puree into the remaining cream until just combined. Fill each red wine goblet 12 way with some of the fool and sprinkle with some of the gingersnaps. Fill the goblets the rest of the way with the fool, top with a dollop of the remaining whipped cream and a sprinkling of gingersnap.nMelt butter in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add onions and ginger and cook until soft. Add orange juice and brown sugar and cook until the sugar is completely melted and the mixture thickens slightly, 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd half of the cranberries and cook until they pop. Add remaining cranberries and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the mangoes and zest. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups cold leftover cranberrymango relish, recipe follows, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Coarsely crushed gingersnaps, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, red or yellow, diced, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 12 cups orange juice, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 pound cranberries, 2 ripe mangoes, halved, pitted and diced, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest], title: CranberryMango Fool with Gingersnaps, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 37886: {instructions: Arrange the noodles in a large serving bowl. Arrange the vegetables in concentric circles over the noodles and then pile the chicken in the center. Sprinkle the scallions on top. Serve at room temperature or chilled, with the Chinese Peanut Dressing.nIn a food processor fitted with the metal blade or in a blender, finely chop the ginger and garlic. Add the remaining ingredients in the order listed and process until smooth. The dressing should be the consistency of heavy cream. If it is too thick, add more water or chicken broth if too thin, add more peanut butter. Refrigerated, in a covered container, the dressing will keep for 2 to 3 weeks., ingredients: [12 pound thin noodles, such as linguine, cooked until just tender, rinsed under cold water, drained, and tossed with 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 5 carrots, peeled and grated, 2 English seedless cucumbers, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, shredded, and squeezed dry, 2 cups bean sprouts, rinsed and drained, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into thin strings about 1 cup, 2 cups sliced cooked chicken cut into thin strips, 1 12 tablespoons minced scallion greens, Chinese Peanut Dressing, recipe follows, One 12inchthick slice fresh ginger, peeled and sliced in half, 8 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoon hot chile paste, or more to taste, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, or more if necessary, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 12 tablespoons sugar, 3 12 tablespoons Chinese black vinegar or Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 5 tablespoons Chinese Chicken Broth or water, or more if necessary], title: Rainbow Peanut Noodles, picturelink: null}, 37887: {instructions: For the cream: In a small mixing bowl, add the sour cream, heavy cream, horseradish, chives, salt and 3 to 4 turns pepper. Whisk to combine, then cover and refrigerate.nFor the lobster: In a large pot, add 3 inches cold water, the white wine, crab boil seasoning, peppercorns, salt, garlic and lemons. Bring to a boil then drop in the lobster tails and poach until the shells turn bright red and the flesh is just cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the tails from the cooking liquid and cool slightly before picking the meat from the shells.nFor the hushpuppies: Place half of the lobster meat and the buttermilk in the pitcher of a blender and puree until smooth. Roughly chop the remaining lobster meat and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, red peppers, baking powder, black pepper, jalapenos and 2 teaspoons salt. Stir in the scallions, eggs and the lobsterbuttermilk mixture, and then fold in the chopped lobster tails. Mix until combined.nIn a large Dutch oven set over medium heat, add 2 to 3 inches of canola oil. Heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nWorking in batches, place heaping tablespoons of the batter into the hot oil. Use two spoons or a 2tablespoon scoop to form the dumplings and drop into the oil. Fry the hushpuppies, turning occasionally, until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the hushpuppies from the oil and place on a papertowellined plate. Season with salt and squeeze lemon juice over the top.nServe the crispy hushpuppies with the chilled horseradish cream., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons finely sliced chives, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry California white wine, 14 cup crab boil seasoning or 1 crab boil seasoning pouch, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 lemon, quartered, Four 6ounce lobster tails, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 34 cup flour, 12 cup finely diced red peppers, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 jalapenos, seeded, stemmed and minced, Kosher salt, 12 cup finely sliced scallions, 3 eggs, beaten, Canola oil, for frying, 12 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Lobster Hushpuppies with Horseradish Cream, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 37888: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the sugar cookie mix and cream cheese. Add the flour in 3 parts. Add eggs and lemon extract, and mix until just incorporated. Fold in the in lemon zest.nOn lightly floured surface, roll out dough to a 12 by 14inch rectangle. Using a fluted pastry cutter, cut dough into 2inch squares.nPlace cutouts 1inch apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Freeze 10 minutes. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until bottoms are golden brown and tops are set. Cool completely on cooling rack. Dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 1 pound, 1.5 ounce package dry sugar cookie mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 to 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 to 34 teaspoon lemon extract, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, Flour, for dusting work surface, Powdered sugar, for garnishing], title: Lemon Spritz Squares, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 37889: {instructions: Soak the salt cod in 1 gallon of water for 24 hours, changing the water 2 to 3 times until the cod no longer tastes of salt.nPlace the oil in a pot a third of the way full. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with paper towels. Remove the cod from the water, pat dry and roughly chop. Place the cod in a food processor and pulse until shredded.nRemove the cod, squeeze with hands to remove excess water and place the cod in a bowl.nPlace the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl, mix. In a separate bowl, whisk the milk and eggs and add to the bowl with the dry ingredients. Add the cod and cilantro to the batter, folding to incorporate. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the cod batter into the hot oil and fry until golden brown and the fritters are cooked, about 3 minutes, turning the fritters over while cooking. Place the cod on the lined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining cod batter.nServe the salt cod fritters with Creamy Mustard Sauce, Spicy Orange Chili Sauce, Pineapple Chutney and Shredded Zucchini Salad.nPlace the sour cream, mustard, coriander seeds, honey and gherkins into a bowl, mix, season with salt, cover and place in fridge until serving.nPlace the salt, sugar, vinegar, green chile, red chile, orange and red onions into a blender and puree until smooth.nHeat the oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the red onions and saute until tender and translucent. Add the pineapple, sugar, vinegar and fennel seeds and stir. Cook until the pineapple has softened slightly and the juices have reduced, 7 to 10 minutes. Season with salt.nPlace the red onions, lime juice and salt in a bowl. Stir and allow to sit for 5 minutes. Add the cherry tomatoes, cilantro and zucchini to the bowl and mix., ingredients: [1 pound salt cod, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 cups flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups 2percent milk, 3 eggs, 1 cup fresh cilantro, stems and leaves, finely chopped, Creamy Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Spicy Orange Chili Sauce, recipe follows, Pineapple Chutney, recipe follows, Shredded Zucchini Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, ground in a mortar and pestle, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 sweet gherkins, minced, Salt, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 green finger chile, roughly chopped, 1 red finger chile, roughly chopped, 1 large orange, peeled and roughly chopped, 14 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 red onion, finely diced, 1 pineapple, peeled and cut into a large dice, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, Salt, 14 red onion, julienned, Juice of 2 limes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 large zucchini, grated], title: Salt Cod Fritters with Creamy Mustard Sauce, Spicy Orange Chili Sauce, Pineapple Chutney and Shredded Zucchini Salad, picturelink: null}, 37890: {instructions: For the shrimp and pork filling: In a cast iron pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Place the pork in the pan and saute until brown and caramelized.nOnce the pork has browned, add the shallots, garlic, and chiles, cook for 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd the cumin and smoked paprika and stir. Add the shrimp and stir. Once the shrimp has turned pink, add the water chestnuts and stir. Add the sugar, cilantro stems, lime zest and juice, remove from heat.nFor the tomato salsa: Put the tomatoes and green onions in a small bowl. Add the lime juice, cilantro leaves and stems and mix. Season the salsa with sugar and salt.nFor the creamed avocado: Put the avocados in a bowl, add the lime juice and chopped green onion. Add the sugar and sour cream. Mash until the mixture is incorporated. Season with salt.nTo assemble the shrimp and pork tacos: Place the tortilla shells on a plate. Divide the pork and shrimp filling among the tortilla shells. Spoon the filling in the center of the taco.nSpoon the creamed avocado and tomato salsa over the tortilla shells. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 ounces ground pork, 1 shallot, diced, 1 clove garlic, diced, 1 green chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 15 2125 count shrimp, shelled, deveined and coarsely chopped, 12 cup canned water chestnuts, rinsed, drained and diced, Pinch sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro stems, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt, 3 plum tomatoes, diced, 2 green onions, chopped, Juice of 12 lime, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves picked and stems chopped, Pinch sugar, Salt, 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled and chopped, Juice of 2 12 limes, 14 bunch green onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup sour cream, Salt, 8 soft tortilla shells, warmed over grill or in microwave for 30 seconds, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish, Salt], title: Shrimp and Pork Tacos with Tomato Salsa and Creamed Avocado, picturelink: null}, 37891: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steak: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Fill a large castiron skillet with 1 12 inches of oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the steak strips with salt and pepper. In a shallow bowl, add the flour. In another shallow bowl, lightly beat the eggs. In another shallow bowl, add the breadcrumbs. Lightly coat both sides of the steak in the flour, then in the egg and then in the breadcrumbs.nPanfry the steaks, however many can fit at a time, until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the steaks from the oil and onto a baking sheet lined with a wire rack or paper towels. Season the fried steaks with salt and keep warm in the oven while you cook the rest, if need be.nFor the roasted red pepper sauce: Combine the almonds, Parmesan, oil, paprika, bell peppers, garlic and shallot in a food processor and blend until smooth, about 15 seconds. Season, and then place into a small saucepan and simmer for 5 minutes to take away the raw garlic bite and intensify the flavors. Set aside.nFor the sandwich build: Schmear some of the gorgonzola on the bottom half of the bread. Place the hot breaded steak on the cheese, then the roasted red pepper sauce and then the giardiniera. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Cut in half and serve with extra red pepper sauce for smothering.nCombine 2 cups water and the salt in a glass or nonreactive bowl. Mix until the salt is dissolved. Add the carrots, cauliflower, serranos, garlic, celery and bell pepper to the salt water and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nnDay 2, drain and rinse the vegetables. In a clean bowl, mix together the oil with the oregano and pepper. Add the vegetables and mix to combine. Allow to marinate overnight. Giardiniera will only get better with time. After 2 days at the most in the bowl, you can place in airtight mason jars and keep in the fridge for at least 2 to 3 weeks., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds top sirloin, cut against the grain on the bias into eight 18inch strips or fingers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 3 cups Italianstyle breadcrumbs, 14 cup smoked almonds, 14 grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon paprika, 3 red bell peppers, fire roasted, from a jar, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 shallot, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces gorgonzola dolce, at room temperature, Four 6inch tomato focaccia rolls, split and toasted or your favorite focaccia bread, Homemade Hot Giardiniera, recipe follows or your favorite oilpacked hot giardiniera, finely chopped, 14 cup table salt, 1 cup smalldiced carrots, 1 cup tiny cauliflower florets, 4 to 8 serrano peppers, sliced depending on heat level desired, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 stalk celery, diced small, 1 red bell pepper, diced small, 2 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ], title: The Comiskey Breaded Steak Sandwich, picturelink: mkuI1rTo8Wx5XhJmINwMD4YmlBb4TSG}, 37892: {instructions: Heat the beef drippings and oil together in a saute pan. Working in batches, brown the beef strips on all sides. Remove from the pan. In the same pan, fry the onions until soft, about 15 minutes, then add the garlic for 1 minute. Remove. Check if there is fat in the pan. If not, add a good tablespoon of butter and let it melt. Add the flour and sugar to the pan and cook for 1 minute to make a roux. Gradually whisk in the stock and bring to a boil. At this point, turn the oven on to 325 degrees F160 degrees C. Add the beer and vinegar to the boiling stock, and bring back to a boil, cooking until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nIn a large casserole dish, layer the onions alternately with the beef strips, seasoning each layer as you go with salt and pepper. Tuck in the bouquet garni and pour the sauce over. Cover and bake for 2 12 hours. If you can wait a day before eating, cool the dish completely when its out of the oven and refrigerate overnight: the flavor will be even better when you reheat it., ingredients: [2 tablespoons beef drippings or butter, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 pounds1.5 kg sirloin tip, cut into fat fingers, 3 large onions, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 cups375 ml beef stock, 2 cups500 ml beer, 1 tablespoon redwine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bouquet garni], title: Beef in Beer, picturelink: null}, 37893: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs and yolks, 1 at a time, and then stir in the grapefruit oil and grapefruit zest. Stir in the vegetable oil. Fold in the flour mixture, alternating with the grapefruit juice.nFill the cupcake liners about twothirds full. Put in a piece of Guava Truffle Cookie in each cup. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, 9 to 12 minutes. Cool completely, and then frost with Rosewater Frosting and enjoynPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cookie crumbs and salt with the melted butter and 1 teaspoon guava extract. Press into the bottom of a greased 13 by 9inch pan. Bake for 8 minutes and let cool. Melt the chocolate chips and condensed milk together until completely melted and combined. Stir in the remaining 2 teaspoons guava extract. Pour over the cookie crust and let cool.nBeat the cream cheese until soft and smooth. Beat in the rose water. Beat in the powdered sugar. Beat in the cream, 1 teaspoon at a time, if the frosting is too thick., ingredients: [1 34 cups cake flour, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons butter, cubed, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 extralarge whole eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoons grapefruit oil, 3 tablespoons grapefruit zest, 14 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup grapefruit juice, Guava Truffle Cookies, recipe follows, Rosewater Frosting, recipe follows, 2 12 cups vanilla sandwich wafer cookies, finely ground, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 teaspoons guava extract, divided, 2 cups white chocolate chips, 14 14ounce can condensed milk, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened, 6 teaspoons rosewater, 1 18 cup sifted powdered sugar, 4 to 8 teaspoons cream, as needed], title: Pink Grapefruit Cupcakes with Guava Truffle Cookies and Rosewater Frosting, picturelink: hRcBnK7Vs3CuospBaDO3U.IlTM2gKfW}, 37894: {instructions: Cook bacon in large saucepan or Dutch oven over mediumlow heat until crisp. Remove bacon from pan, drain and discard all but 1 tablespoon drippings. Add garlic to drippings cook 30 seconds or until fragrant.nAdd undrained tomatoes, tomato sauce and water stir. Bring to a boil over high heat stir in tortellini. Return to a boil cover and simmer over mediumlow heat 6 minutes or until tortellini is tender, stirring gently after 3 minutes.nAdd cream cheese stir until completely melted. Stir in bacon and peas. Return to a boil simmer 2 minutes. Sprinkle liberally with pepper, if desired., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Diced Tomatoes with Basil, Garlic and Oregano, undrained, 1 can 8 oz each Huntsu00ae Tomato Sauce with Basil, Garlic and Oregano, 1 cup water, 1 pkg 16 oz each frozen cheese tortellini, 12 cup chive and onion soft cream cheese spread, 1 cup frozen green peas, Cracked black pepper, optional], title: Huntsandreg Tomato and Bacon Tortellini, picturelink: null}, 37895: {instructions: Looks like: Bagel with Lox and Cream CheesenSlice a plain cake doughnut in half. Brush the top with honey and sprinkle with chopped chocolatetoffee bits. Beat 14 cup cream cheese, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar and 14 teaspoon vanilla extract. Spread on the bottom doughnut half. Top with thinly sliced papaya or mango to fake the smoked salmon. For tomato and scallions, roll out a red gummy candy such as a Sunkist Fruit Gem and chop up a green gummy candy.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: April Fools Bagel: Doughnut Sandwich, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 37896: {instructions: Cook the pasta in a pot of boiling water according to the package directions. Drain, reserving some of the cooking water.nSet a large pan with straight sides over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil and sausage. Cook, breaking up the sausage, until brown, about 5 minutes, then season with salt and a few hefty grinds of coarse black pepper  its all about the peppernIn a small bowl, whisk together the Parmesan cheese and eggs.nAdd the drained pasta to the pan and swirl until its mostly coated with the fat of the sausage. Remove the pan from the heat and add a spoonful or so of the pasta water along with the egg and cheese mixture. Toss rapidly to coat the pasta with the eggs and cheese. Continue to toss until the water evaporates a bit and creates a bit of a sauce. Add the parsley and toss again. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces egg pappardelle noodles, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 links spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, crumbled, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup grated shredded Parmesan, 2 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Sunnys 5Ingredient Spicy Sausage Carbonara, picturelink: RDSv.aw.lKng38JyVLsLwcLJcPJgrYO}, 37897: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan with straight sides over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Add the red and green bell pepper, onion and then season with salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Saute until the vegetables are tender then add the garlic, cumin, coriander, cayenne pepper, and sazon seasoning. Cook for a minute or so then add the ground chicken and cook, breaking up the chicken with a wooden spoon while stirring. Make sure to really break up the ground chicken on this step so there are no large clumps.nOnce the chicken is cooked through, sprinkle the flour over the top and stir while cooking to allow the flour to blend into the chicken for a few minutes. Add the chicken stock then raise the heat to a simmer and cook until the stock thickens a bit, about 4 to 5 minutes. Serve in warm taco shells topped with shredded lettuce and a dollop of Creamy Salsa.nCombine the tomatoes, cilantro, red onion, jalapeno, scallion, sour cream hot sauce, garlic powder, and lime juice in a medium bowl. Stir to combine, then season with salt and pepper to taste, and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon 1 packet sazon seasoning, 1 pound ground chicken, 2 teaspoons flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 taco shells, kept warm in a 200 degree oven, Shredded lettuce, for serving, Creamy Salsa, for serving, recipe follows, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ground Chicken Tacos with Creamy Salsa, picturelink: U.BFyDDVsbrZktcdMQXJRVpXFc89VZO}, 37898: {instructions: In a Champagne glass, begin layering the sliced kiwi, cake and whipped cream until you reach the top of the glass. Finish with a spoon of cream and chopped kiwi. In the microwave, melt the chocolate according to directions. Fill a small piping bag with the chocolate and pipe a message onto the serving plate. Arrange the berries around the message and place the parfait in the center. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 kiwis, 1 sliced and 1 finely diced, 1 small angel food cake, cut into small circles, 1 pint heavy whipping cream, whipped to light peaks, 1 pint of premade chocolate ganache, store bought, 2 each strawberries, raspberries and blackberries], title: Kiwi Parfait, picturelink: null}, 37899: {instructions: Wash the rice and lentils separately in several changes of water. Leave each to soak in a large pan of clean water for a couple of hours.nDrain the rice and lentils, place in a blender, and grind to a smooth paste. Add a little water to form a thick batter.nAdd the salt, sugar and baking soda to the batter and mix well. Set aside to ferment at room temperature for at least 4 hours and up to 15.nPlace the chopped onion, diced tomatoes, chopped green chile, and chopped cilantro in separate bowls.nHeat a griddle or nonstick pan. Brush with a little ghee or oil and pour in 2 to 3 tablespoons of the batter. Spread evenly with the back of a spoon into a thick circle 4 inches in diameter.nGarnish the surface with a little each of the onion, tomato, green chile, and chopped cilantro and spread evenly. Sprinkle some of the oil or ghee over and around the bread. Cook over low heat until small bubbles appear on the surface, about 5 minutes.nTurn over and cook the other side until crisp and golden. Alternatively, you can finish it off under a hot broiler for 1 to 2 minutes. Serve hot with South Indian lentil curry.nHeat half the oil in a pan and add the red chiles, coriander seeds, fenugreek, and grated coconut. Cook, stirring, for 5 to 10 minutes set aside to cool.nWash the yellow lentils in several changes of water and place in a large pan of water. Bring to a boil, add the ground turmeric, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes.nPut the coconut, chile and spice mix in a food processor or blender and process to a fine paste. When the lentils are soft and mushy add the sliced onions, asafetida, diced tomatoes, diced eggplant, and coconut paste and continue to cook for 5 minutes. Add the tamarind pulp, salt, to taste, and sugar and simmer for 2 minutes longer.nHeat the remaining oil in a separate pan and add the curry leaves and mustard seeds. When they begin to crackle, pour them over the lentils and serve immediately with plain boiled rice. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [Generous 1 cup basmati rice, 12 cup white lentils hulled, split urad dal, Salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 cup skinned, seeded and diced tomatoes, 1 green chile, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Ghee or vegetable oil, as desired, Sambhar, recipe follows, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 dried red chiles, 5 teaspoons coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 4 tablespoons grated fresh coconut, 34 cup yellow lentils toover dal, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 cup sliced onions, 14 teaspoon ground asafetida, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 1 cup diced eggplant, 34 ounce tamarind pulp, Salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 8 curry leaves, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds], title: Flat Rice Bread from Southern India: Uttapam, picturelink: null}, 37900: {instructions: Marinate the pork overnight in the wine, balsamic vinegar, and garlic.nPreheat the grill on high. When hot, brush the pork tenderloins with olive oil and sear each side for about a minute. Lower the heat to medium and cook, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes per side, brushing generously with the guava barbeque sauce at least twice.nRemove the pork tenderloins from the heat, glaze with another thick coat of the barbeque sauce, and let rest on a plate for at least 5 minutes. Then slice the tenderloins into 1inch medallions. The pork should be served warm with a side of papaya salsa.nIn a small saucepan, combine all the sauce ingredients. Simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon until the guava paste dissolves and the ingredients combine to form a thick, syrupy sauce, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature. If not using immediately, refrigerate.nCombine all the ingredients together in a medium bowl. Toss, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [3 pork tenderloins 1 to 1 12 pounds each, 12 bottle red wine, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, Olive oil or vegetable oil for grilling, Guava Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, Papaya Salsa, recipe follows, 12 ounces guava paste, cut into small cubes, 14 cup red wine, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups papaya, cubed into 12inch squares, 1 Hass avocado, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons diagonally sliced scallions, 14 cup lemon juice, Pinch sugar, Pinch salt], title: Pork Tenderloin with Guava Barbeque Sauce, picturelink: C46fzIJuABdgMm6T13bVFCdaZ70VP3q}, 37901: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet, melt 1 tablespoon butter. When the butter starts to froth and brown slightly on the edges of the pan, shut off the heat and add the leeks. Turn the heat back to medium and season the leeks with salt and pepper. Stir to blend. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes until the leeks become only slightly tender. Transfer the leeks to a baking sheet and place the sheet in the refrigerator.nCrack the eggs into a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs to break them up. Add the slices of goat cheese and season with salt and pepper. Use a whisk to break up the goat cheese and blend it with the eggs. When it is fairly smooth, whisk in the cream, milk, hot sauce, and Worcestershire.nGrease the bottom and sides of the baking dish with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and fill with the quiche batter.nPlace the dish in the center of the oven and bake for about 20 minutes. Open the oven door and gently layer the Brie slices on top of the quiche. Close the oven and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes until the top is slightly brown. Allow to cool for 20 to 30 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon for greasing the pan, 4 leeks, upper dark green part removed, split lengthwise, halved again lengthwise and then cut into 2inch strips, carefully washed and drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 eggs, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, cut into slices, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, A few drops hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, A few drops Worcestershire sauce, 8 ounces Brie cheese, cut into 8 even slices, rind trimmed], title: Crustless Leek Quiche, picturelink: null}, 37902: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend for 1 minute, until smooth.nPour into glasses and serve with straws., ingredients: [23 cup lowfat milk 12 cup if adding vodka, 2 cups butter pecan light ice cream, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 shots vanilla vodka, optional], title: Maple Shake, picturelink: JWIVnZdyrGMswWAJchzLHbB2WaLUSWS}, 37903: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a pitcher. Divide into smaller pitchers for easy serving. Serve over ice., ingredients: [1 12ounce can frozen cranberry concentrate, 312 cups fresh orange juice, 1 liter lemonlime soda], title: Kids Cranberry Citrus Punch, picturelink: null}, 37904: {instructions: Preheat the oven according to the cake mix directions. Coat a 9by13inch pan with canola oil. Prepare the cake batter according to the cake mix directions, pour into the prepared pan and set aside.nTo make the filling: Combine the ricotta, mascarpone, eggs, sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and whisk until smooth. Gently pour the filling onto the cake pan of chocolate batter so the top is completely white. Bake until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean and the chocolate layer has risen to the top, about 40 minutes. Let the cake cool completely.nTo make the frosting: Just before serving, blend together the mascarpone, milk, chocolate pudding mix and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer until smooth. Using an offset spatula, spread the frosting evenly over the cake and serve., ingredients: [1 box chocolate cake mix, plus the ingredients called for in the directions, Canola oil, for preparing the pan, 28 ounces ricotta cheese 3 12 cups, 4 ounces mascarpone 12 cup, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 ounces mascarpone 1 14 cups, 1 cup whole milk, One 3.9ounce box instant chocolate pudding mix, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Sicilian Love Cake, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 37905: {instructions: For the toast: In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, orange zest, and cinnamon together until smooth. Pour the mixture into a 9by13inch casserole. Add the bread slices in a single layer. Let the bread soak for 10 minutes, turning once.nFor the syrup: Peel the orange and remove the white pith. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments and place in a small saucepan. Add the sugar, water, orange liqueur or orange juice, if using, star anise, and cinnamon stick. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar has dissolved. Simmer for 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Remove the star anise pods and cinnamon stick and discard.nPreheat a griddle or large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat and add the butter. Using a spatula, remove the bread slices from the egg mixture, allowing any excess liquid to drain. Cook until golden, about 3 minutes each side. Place on 4 serving plates and drizzle with the orange syrup and orange segments. In a small bowl, toss the blueberries and mint together and spoon on top of the French toast. Dust with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [4 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons orange zest from about 12 medium orange, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 12inch thick slices whole grain bread or country white bread, preferably 1 day old, 1 medium orange, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 14 cup orange liqueur or fresh orange juice, 2 star anise pods, 1 cinnamon stick or 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup about 6 ounces fresh blueberries, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Pain Perdu with Blueberries and Orange, picturelink: null}, 37906: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the remoulade: Combine the mayonnaise, capers, chives, pickle juice, creole mustard, Old Bay, lemon zest and juice, and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Whisk until well combined and smooth, about 1 minute. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the crabcakes: Combine the eggs, lemon zest and juice, mayonnaise, Old Bay, salt and hot sauce in a bowl whisk together until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Add the backfin crabmeat and the crushed crackers, and mix until well combined. Gently fold in the lump crabmeat. Divide the crabcake mixture into six equal portions roll each into a loose ball and place in a large castiron pan.nTransfer the pan to the oven and bake until the crabcakes are golden brown and cooked through, about 15 minutes, flipping once halfway through. Arrange the crabcakes on a large serving platter. Top each with a dollop of the remoulade. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced capers nonpereil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons pickle juice, 1 tablespoon creole mustard, 1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 to 4 dashes hot sauce, 16 ounces backfin crabmeat, 1 cup crushed butter crackers, such as Ritz Crackers, 16 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat], title: Baked Crabcakes with Old Bay Remoulade, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 37907: {instructions: For the remoulade: Whisk together the mustard, horseradish, paprika, yolk, lemon juice and zest and some salt and black pepper in a medium bowl. Gradually add the oil in a slow, steady stream while whisking constantly, until all the oil is incorporated and emulsified. Stir in the celery, onions, ketchup, vinegar, parsley, Worcestershire, garlic and hot sauce to taste. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nnFor the fried green tomatoes: Put the cornmeal in a large shallow bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Season the tomatoes with salt and pepper on both sides. Dredge the tomatoes in the cornmeal on both sides and tap off excess.nnHeat 12 cup of the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Fry half of the tomatoes until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 1 minute 30 seconds per side. Transfer with a slotted spatula to a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Season with salt and repeat with the remaining tomatoes and oil.nnFor the shrimp: Combine the celery seeds, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, salt and pepper in a mortar and pestle and crush into a somewhat fine powder. Toss the shrimp with the spice mixture.nnHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the shrimp and cook until crusty and just cooked through, about 3 minutes do this in batches if necessary with more oil the shrimp should be in a single layer.nnFor assembly: Toss lettuce with a few tablespoons of the remoulade and season with salt and pepper. Divide the lettuce among the tomatoes and top each tomato with 3 shrimp. Drizzle with more of the remoulade. Garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [14 cup Creole mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 12 teaspoon sweet Spanish paprika, 1 egg yolk, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 14 cup finelydiced celery, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 3 tablespoonsketchup, 3 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 2 tablespoonsfinely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic,smashed and chopped to a paste, 2 to 3 dashes your favorite hot sauce, such as Tabasco, , 2 cups fine groundyellow cornmeal, Salt and freshlyground black pepper, 8 slices greentomatoes, 12inch thick about 3 green tomatoes, 1 cup canola oil, , 1 tablespoon celeryseeds, 2 teaspoons garlicpowder, 2 teaspoons onionpowder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon koshersalt, 12 teaspoonfreshly ground black pepper, 24 medium 3140 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 to 3 tablespoonscanola oil, , Shredded iceberglettuce, Parsley leaves, forgarnish, ], title: Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Remoulade, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 37908: {instructions: With a paring knife, remove the skin from the outside of the cucumber. Coarsely chop the skin. Discard the remaining cucumber or reserve for another use. In a blender, puree the cucumber, parsley, and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Add the egg yolks and sugar and blend for 30 seconds to combine. With the blender running, add the oils in a slow steady stream to form an emulsion. Season, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use.nSeason the scallops with salt and pepper and set aside. Place the curry powder in a small saute pan and heat over medium heat, stirring constantly. Cook for 30 seconds or just until you can really smell the curry. Immediately remove from the pan and place in a shallow bowl or plate. Add the flour and mix well. Dredge the scallops in the curry mixture, shaking off any excess. Set aside on a clean plate.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the peanut oil and heat just to smoking. Add the scallops and saute for 30 seconds. Turn the scallops and add the butter and saute for an additional 30 seconds on the second side. Remove from the pan to a paper towellined plate.nPlace a small pile of watercress on 6 plates. Top the watercress with a scallop shell. Place some sauce in each scallop shell. Top with 1 scallop. Garnish with 1 tablespoon salmon caviar and chive flowers., ingredients: [1 medium cucumber, hot house variety, 14 cup chopped parsley, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup light sesame oil, 14 cup almond oil, 6 dry pack sea scallops, side muscle removed, Salt and pepper, 12 cup curry powder, 1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 12 bunches watercress, to garnish, 6 scallop shells, to plate, 6 tablespoons salmon caviar, Chive flowers], title: Curried Scallops with Cucumber Sauce and Salmon Pearls, picturelink: null}, 37909: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash the greens, but do not dry. Trim the large stems and coarsely chop. Set aside.nWarm 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large, heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute for 4 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 4 minutes longer. Add the greens, chicken broth, soy sauce, and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until the greens have wilted and become tender, about 7 to 10 minutes.nTransfer the cooked greens to a serving plate and crumble the ricotta salata cheese over the top., ingredients: [2 bunches Swiss chard, or kale or 1 bunch each, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces ricotta salata cheese], title: Wilted Greens with Ricotta Salata, picturelink: DuGRRavUQ1apAl4xZ5ws7u6PeihH2}, 37910: {instructions: Combine both chocolates and melt them over a double boiler. Whisk the yolks and 12 of the sugar in a mixer equipped with a whisk, set aside at room temperature. In a separate bowl, whisk the whipping cream to the soft peak stage and set aside, refrigerated. Combine the 3 egg whites with the remaining sugar and whip to a soft peak stage. Pour the melted chocolate into the yolk and sugar mixture and whip at high speed until the mixture begins to pale and increase in volume. Fold in the whipped egg whites and then the whipped cream until smooth and homogenous. Pour into individual 3inch diameter plastic round bottom about 12 cup capacity molds and freeze.nCombine and melt the Gandujia and the hazelnut paste over a double boiler until smooth. Set aside at room temperature. Add the royaltine chips and the peanut oil and fold into the chocolate mixture until smooth. While the mixture is still warm, spread it on a sheetpan in a 12inch layer, evening the surface with the aid of an offset spatula. Refrigerate until solid and then cut into 3inch circles and refrigerate. These circles will serve as the base for the mousse cakes.nCombine both of the ingredients over a double boiler and melt until smooth. Allow to cool to a warm stage and fill a container of an electric spray gun with the mixture. The spray gun should be new or has never been used for any purpose other than food.nTo assemble cakes: Remove the crunchy 3inch discs from the refrigerator and place on plates. Remove mousse molds and unmold on top of the disc. These should be kept frozen until ready to spray with the chocolate mist. Remove mousse cakes from the freezer and spray the chocolate domes liberally to create a velour type finish, while still frozen. Refrigerate until set. Serve the mousse cakes with chocolate sauce and chocolate decorations of your choice., ingredients: [14 ounces of semisweet chocolate, 1 ounce of bittersweet chocolate, 3 eggs, separated, 4 ounces sugar, 1 34 cups of heavy cream, 6 ounces Giandujia chocolate, 3 ounces hazelnut paste, 6 ounces royaltine chips, 14 cups peanut oil, 8 ounces couverture chocolate, 8 ounces cocoa butter], title: Chocolate and Hazelnut Crunch Cake, picturelink: null}, 37911: {instructions: Bring lots of salted water to a boil in a pot large enough to hold the beef. If it does not fit, cut the fillet of beef in half. Add the meat and cover the pot so that the water returns quickly to the boil. When the water is back at a boil, uncover the pot and boil the beef anywhere from 14 to 17 minutes depending upon how rare you like it. While the beef is boiling, in another saucepan cook the potatoes in salted water for 20 minutes or until just tender. In a third shallow saucepan or in a Chinese style bamboo steamer, cook the carrots and leeks, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes or until just tender. To serve, remove the beef from the water and let it rest for 10 minutes. Remove the strings, slice, and serve half of it reserve half for another dinner with horseradish garlic mayonnaise and surrounded by half of vegetables saving half for second time around soup, see below., ingredients: [1 fillet of beef 3 12 pounds, without fat, and tied, 8 new potatoes, peeled and quartered, 8 carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 8 thin whole leeks, with 2 inches of green left on, washed], title: Sunday Startup Boiled Fillet of Beef and Steamed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 37912: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the pears, cut sides up, on a baking sheet and dot with butter. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until the pears are just tender. Let cool.nIncrease the oven heat to 450 degrees F.nSprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out to a 14inch round, about 14inch thick. It doesnt have to be perfect. Transfer the dough to the back of a lightly floured baking sheet. Slice the pears and arrange them on the dough round by overlapping the slices in a spiral fashion, leaving a 2inch border all around. Drizzle with the honey, scatter blue cheese over the top, and sprinkle with the almonds.nBrush the border with the egg wash. Bring the edge of crust over onto the filling, leaving the fruit exposed in center. Gently fold and pinch the dough to seal any cracks. Brush the crust with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with the sugar. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake for 30 minutes or until the crust is golden brown and the fruit is tender. Slide a knife under the crostata to loosen it from the pan. Then cut into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature.nCombine the flour, sugar, salt, and lemon zest in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your fingers until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg yolk and ice water and work that in with your hands. Or do the whole thing in a food processor, pulsing a couple of times to combine the dry ingredients, then pulsing in the butter, and then the egg. Check the consistency of the dough by squeezing a small amount together between thumb and forefingers: You want there to be just enough moisture to bind the dough so that it holds together without being too wet or sticky. If its still crumbly, add a little more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. When you get it to the right consistency, shape the dough into a disk and wrap it in plastic. Put it in the refrigerator and chill for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 pears, halved, cored, but not peeled, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 4 ounces goodquality blue cheese, crumbled, 12 cup slivered almonds, 1 recipe Basic Pie Pastry, chilled 30 minutes, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten with a drizzle of cold water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, zested and finely grated, 34 cup 1 12 sticks cold, unsalted butter, cut into small chunks, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed], title: Pear Crostata with Honey, Blue Cheese, and Almonds, picturelink: 276RlrgmcW1bm9AH9f2ZC4yKYtPahm}, 37913: {instructions: In a skillet bring 3 cups of the broth to a boil, add the chicken, reducing the heat to keep the broth at a bare simmer, ad simmer it, turning it once, for 8 minutes, or until it is springy. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board, reserving the broth, and chop it.nIn a large saucepan cook the onions, the celery, and the apple in the oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, or until the vegetables are softened, stir in the curry powder and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes, and stir in the remaining 1 cup broth. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes.nIn a food processor or blender puree the mixture, transfer the puree to a bowl, and stir in the reserved broth and the chicken. Let the mixture cool, stir in halfandhalf, and chill the soup, covered, for 3 hours, or until it is cold. Garnish the soup with the raisins., ingredients: [4 cups canned chicken broth, 1 whole boneless skinless chicken breast, halved, 2 onions, chopped, 1 cup chopped celery including some of the leaves, 1 Golden Delicious apple, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder, or to taste, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup halfandhalf, Golden raisins, plumped in warm water for 15 minutes and drained], title: Senegalese Soup, picturelink: null}, 37914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken breasts side by side on a cutting board and lay a piece of plastic wrap over them. Pound the chicken breasts with a flat meat mallet, until they are about 14inch thick. Put some flour in a shallow platter and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper mix with a fork to distribute evenly. In a wide bowl, beat the eggs with 3 tablespoons of water to make an egg wash. Heat the oil over mediumhigh flame in a large skillet.nDredge both sides of the chicken cutlets in the seasoned flour, and then dip them in the egg wash to coat completely, letting the excess drip off. When the oil is nice and hot, add the cutlets and fry for 2 minutes on each side until golden, turning once. Remove the chicken cutlets to a large platter in a single layer to keep warm.nToss the lemon slices into the pan and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until fragrant. Add the wine, broth, and lemon juice, simmer for 5 minutes to reduce the sauce slightly. Roll the butter in some flour and add it to the skillet, this will thicken the sauce. Stir to incorporate and dissolve the flour. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and return the chicken to the pan place the lemon slices on top of the cutlets. Simmer gently for 2 minutes to heat the chicken through. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts about 112 pounds, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, with rind, cut in thin rounds, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Chicken Francese, picturelink: eBeBuJp1P8hB8GG.GJYop6aVhtkFb5K}, 37915: {instructions: Dry a bonein, fully cooked half ham do not use a country ham and bring to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Trim the ham skin, leaving the fat intact. Score the fat in a crosshatch pattern, making the cuts about 34 inch deep and 1 inch apart. Put the ham flatside down on a rack in a roasting pan add 1 cup water. Bake on the lowest oven rack, 40 minutes, adding more water if the pan gets dry. Meanwhile, make the glaze: Whisk 1 cup jam or marmalade with 34 cup brown sugar, 1 cup dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar and 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce. Brush the ham with half of the glaze cover loosely with foil and bake 45 more minutes. Brush with the remaining glaze and bake, uncovered, until the glaze is browned, 40 to 50 more minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before carving.nDont toss your ham bone Add it to simmering soups, beans or braised greens for extra flavor.nGive your ham a great crunch: Sprinkle one of the below mixes onto the glaze before the last 40 to 50 minutes of cooking.nSpring Herb Mix 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, and the grated zest of 1 lemon.nCornmealThyme Crush 1 cup cornbread stuffing mix toss with 2 tablespoons chopped thyme, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander and 12 cup cornmeal.nSpicy Sourdough Grind 3 cups cubed sourdough bread in a food processor toss with 1 tablespoon chili powder and 1 bunch chopped scallions.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Glazed Ham, picturelink: vh9EMyTn8rSx0Uh2MdX8n9evdFcZMNm}, 37916: {instructions: In a large bowl place strawberries and drizzle with balsamic. Allow to sit at room temperature for up to 12 hour. Sprinkle with sugar and spoon into individual dishes., ingredients: [4 cups strawberries, hulled and quartered, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Strawberries with Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 37917: {instructions: Combine 2 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, the butter and brown sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer. Sprinkle the yeast on top and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. If the yeast does not foam, discard and try again with fresh yeast.nAdd 3 cups flour and 2 teaspoons salt to the yeast mixture. Using the dough hook, mix on low speed, then increase the speed to medium as the flour starts to incorporate. Scrape down the side of the bowl as needed. Mix in the remaining 3 cups flour on low speed, then increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough gathers around the hook and pulls away from the bowl.nTurn the dough out onto a clean surface knead until smooth, 5 minutes. Brush a large bowl with melted butter, add the dough and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPunch down the dough, then divide it in half. Divide each half into 6 even pieces with a knife cover with plastic wrap. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper and coat with cooking spray.nTape a 24inchlong piece of string to the countertop to use as a guide. Roll out a piece of dough on the countertop with your hands, starting in the middle and working your way out to the ends until you have a 24inchlong rope. As you roll, occasionally lift the dough by the ends and slap the middle against the counter to stretch it.nLift the ends of the rope to make a U shape, then cross one end over the other twice to make a double twist in the middle. Fold down the ends and attach them to the bottom of the U, forming a pretzel shape. Transfer to one of the prepared baking sheets repeat with the remaining dough, arranging 4 pretzels on each baking sheet. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature until slightly puffed, about 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Fill a wide pot with 10 cups water add the baking soda and bring to a low simmer, whisking to dissolve. Use scissors to cut the parchment around each pretzel, leaving a 1inch border. Slide the pretzels on the parchment off the baking sheets, then coat the baking sheets with cooking spray. Working in batches, carefully invert each pretzel into the water and use tongs to peel off the parchment. Simmer until the pretzels plump, about 45 seconds per side. Remove with a slotted spoon, letting the excess water drip off arrange on the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with salt.nBake the pretzels until golden brown, rotating the baking sheets halfway through, 12 to 15 minutes. Brush with melted butter and serve with mustard.nPhotographs by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed and at room temperature, plus melted butter for brushing, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 14ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, Cooking spray, 23 cup baking soda, Mustard, for dipping optional], title: Soft Pretzels, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 37918: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, using a hand beater, beat the 2 tablespoons of butter, and the cream cheese until combined. Add the marmalade and mix until incorporated, then fold in the strawberries and guava shells, using a rubber scraper. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large tip.nMake an incision pocket on the crust side of the 4 pieces of bread about 34 of the way through. The incision will allow you to stuff the pocket. Leave the slices with the incision, covered, at room temperature before stuffing. Gently stuff the room temperature slices with the filling. Refrigerate the stuffed slices with the pocket opening facing up for 20 to 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nEgg batter:nAdd all the ingredients to a medium shallow bowl and mix well.nFrench Toast:nAdd the corn cereal and almonds to a sheet pan and crush together. Dip the bread slices in the egg batter and then into the cereal mixture.nPut a large skillet on mediumhigh heat and add 3 to 4 tablespoons butter. When the butter has melted add the stuffed bread slices and brown on 1 side, then flip and put the skillet in oven for 8 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven and transfer the toast to a serving platter. Drizzle with guava marmalade and a dusting of powdered sugar before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons soft unsalted butter, plus additional for sauteing, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons guava marmalade, plus additional for drizzling recommended: LaFe, 5 ounces diced strawberries, 3 ounces guava shells recommended: LaFe, 4 thick slices Pullmanstyle bread, refrigerated, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 6 extralarge eggs, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces whole milk, 4 ounces evaporated milk, 10 ounces corn cereal recommended: Cornflakes, 6 ounces sliced almonds], title: La Islas Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 37919: {instructions: Place all the nage ingredients in the bottom of a stainless steel steamer. Bring slowly to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes, skimming off any impurities.nSeason the scallops with salt and pepper and place on the top part of the steamer. Cover and steam for 6 minutes. They should be slightly firm and medium rare.nDivide the rice noodles among 4 serving bowls. Place 3 scallops on top and ladle some broth over and around the scallops.nThe scallops can also be served as a warm salad over greens with a citrus vinaigrette., ingredients: [12 large sea scallops, 1 quart fish fumet, 3 3inch pieces of lemon grass, 2 leeks, white part only, cut into 12inch slices, 12 teaspoon crushed fennel seeds, 1 fennel bulb cut into strips, 12 cup Vermouth, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 teaspoon turmeric, Rice noodles], title: Steamed Sea Scallops Over Lemon Grass Nage, picturelink: null}, 37920: {instructions: In a shallow bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs until well combined. Dunk both sides of the buns in the egg mixture until completely saturated, about 20 seconds on each side.nIn a medium saucepan set over medium heat, melt the butter and place the buns on top. Using a spatula, lightly press down on the buns so they make contact with the hot butter. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes on each side., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 2 eggs, 2 potato buns, 2 tablespoons butter], title: French Toast Buns, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}, 37921: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the orange juice, olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, the thyme, Worcestershire sauce and 34 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Pierce the pork chops in several places with a fork, then add to the bowl with the marinade and turn to coat. Transfer the pork chops to a rack set on a rimmed baking sheet, reserving the marinade. Bake the chops 15 minutes, then turn and continue baking until slightly golden, about 10 more minutes. Preheat the broiler. Whisk the honey into the reserved marinade and brush onto the chops. Broil until golden and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 145 degrees F, about 4 minutes per side. Let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pierce the sweet potatoes in a few places with a fork and microwave until soft, about 20 minutes. Cut in half and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Add the butter and the remaining 12 teaspoon Cajun seasoning and mash season with salt. Serve the pork chops with the mashed sweet potatoes and drizzle with the pan juices.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Juice of 1 large orange about 12 cup, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 4 bonein centercut pork chops about 1 34 pounds total, 2 tablespoons honey, 4 small sweet potatoes about 8 ounces each, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: HoneyGlazed Pork Chops With Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: cxX.sZ9G0tAKiqw4lbXsWJX99LZzWO}, 37922: {instructions: Heat the 1 cup of sugar and water to a boil. Add peels and simmer until they are transparent, about 12 minutes. Syrup should be thick. Remove from syrup and toss in sugar, let dry, away from humidity. Store in an airtight tin.nTIP:nRED ORANGESnUse blood oranges in your favorite recipes as you would regular oranges. Taste for sweetness, you may have to add a bit more sugar in some recipes, ingredients: [4 to 5 navel oranges, peeled with no remaining pith, cut into 2inch long strips, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 3 cups sugar for crystallizing], title: Candied Orange Zest, picturelink: null}, 37923: {instructions: Combine the butter and sausage in a Dutch oven or heavygauge pot over high heat, and saute for about 6 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the bell pepper, onion, celery, and garlic, and season with Creole seasoning, salt and black pepper. Saute, still over high heat, for about 8 minutes, or until the natural sugars in the vegetables have browned and caramelized.nAdd the tomatoes, shrimp, fish and bay leaves, and stir. Add the rice, stir gently, and add the water. Gently move the spoon across the bottom of the pot, making sure that the rice is not sticking. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for about 15 minutes or until the rice has absorbed most of the liquid. Turn off the heat, then fold in the oysters, cover and let sit for about 8 minutes, during which time the jambalaya will continue cooking from residual heat.nTo serve, transfer to a serving bowl, and mix in the green onions. Season with hot sauce.nThoroughly combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Pour the mixture into a large glass or plastic jar. Seal it so that its airtight. It will keep indefinitely.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 14inch slices, 1 large bell pepper, any color, cut into large dice, 1 large onion, cut into large dice, 3 ribs celery, cut into large dice, 1 small head garlic, cloves peeled and minced, Creole Seafood Seasoning, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 large tomatoes, cored, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, 12 pound fish fillets, diced trout, catfish, redfish, bass, and bluefish work well, 2 bay leaves, 3 cups longgrain rice, rinsed 3 times, 6 cups water, 1 pint shucked oysters, with their liquor, 2 bunches green onions, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 13 cup table salt, 14 cup granulated or powdered garlic, 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, or to taste, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 13 cup paprika, 3 tablespoons granulated or powdered onion], title: Seafood Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 37924: {instructions: For the Dough:nThe dough can be made in advance. You will need 1 pound of dough to make this pie. Blend the shortening, flour and cold water together in the bowl of a stand mixer on low speed, using a dough hook. Mix until well blended. Remove the dough from the bowl, wrap in plastic wrap and put it on a sheet pan. The dough can be stored for up to 1 week in the refrigerator, but allow it to come to room temperature before rolling.nCut the dough in half and roll out 1 piece of dough to fit into a 10inch pie plate. Fit the dough circle into the bottom of the pie pan, pushing it snugly against the edges. Roll out the other piece of dough and set aside until ready to use.nFor the Filling:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potatoes and blanch until al dente. Drain and set aside to cool.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the beef, pork, and the onions. Brown the meat, then discard the grease. Add the potatoes and moisten the mixture with the beef soup base, as needed. Use the instant potato to tighten the mixture, if needed. Season with cinnamon, nutmeg, garlic, black pepper and 14 teaspoon salt.nPour the filling into the dough lined pie plate. Level it off and cover with the remaining circle of dough. Pinch the edges of the bottom layer and top layer of dough together and create the knucklelike pie edge ridges. Trim off any excess dough using a sharp knife.nBrush the top of the pie with the egg wash. Make a few slits in the top crust to allow the steam to escape.nBake until cooked through and the top of the pie is golden brown, about 45 minutes.nRemove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [5 14 ounces allpurpose vegetable shortening, 8 14 ounces unbleached pastry flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold tap water, Salt, 9 ounces 12inch diced potato, 1 pound ground beef, 9 ounces finely ground pork, 9 ounces 14inch diced onion, 1 78 teaspoons beef soup base, prepared according to package instructions, 3 tablespoons, plus 1 12 teaspoons instant potato powder, 38 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Egg wash, for topping], title: 10inch French Meat Pie, picturelink: null}, 37925: {instructions: The day before making the bread or early in the day, make the poolish or biga by placing 8 ounces of the flour, 7 ounces of room temperature water and the yeast in a large bowl and mixing it well with a wooden spoon. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and let it stand for 2 to 3 hours at room temperature or in the refrigerator overnight. The poolish should double in volume.nAdd 1 pound of the flour and 12 ounces of room temperature water to the poolish and mix together well with your hands. It will be very sticky. Cover the bowl with the kitchen towel and let rest for 30 minutes.nSprinkle the salt over the surface of the dough and then fold the dough onto itself several times until the salt is incorporated. Cover the bowl with the kitchen towel and let the dough rest for 1 hour.nCover your hands with flour and sprinkle flour around the outside edge of the dough. Fold the dough onto itself 6 to 8 times. Cover the bowl with the kitchen towel and let rest for 1 hour.nFold the dough onto itself 6 to 8 times, dust a board generously with flour and pour the dough out onto the board.nDivide the dough into two equal parts and turn and form each part into a ball, stretching the dough to form a smooth top. Sprinkle flour heavily in 2 separate bowls there should be enough flour to keep the dough from sticking and turn each ball of dough upside down into a bowl. Sprinkle the top of each ball with flour, cover each bowl with a kitchen towel and let it rise until doubled in size, about 45 to 60 minutes.nPreheat an oven to 500 degrees F and line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nTurn each ball of dough bottomside up onto its own sheet pan and use a knife or razor blade to score a tictactoe design on the top of each loaf.nPlace the loaves in the oven, immediately lower the temperature to 450 degrees F and bake for 30 minutes. Do not open the oven door The loaves are done when they are golden brown and make a hollow sound when tapped on the bottom. Cool the loaves on a baking rack., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, Room temperature water, 7 ounces fresh yeast, crumbled, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Country Bread, picturelink: null}, 37926: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nSift together flour, salt and sugar. Cut in shortening until it resembles cornmeal. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with fork until moist enough to hold together. Shape into a ball. Wrap in wax paper. Refrigerate 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured board, roll out chilled pastry until large enough to line a 9inch pie pan. Dust top lightly with flour and line pan. Prick all over with fork. Flute edges. Place in freezer 1520 minutes. Bake 12 to 15 minutes. Cool.nCombine egg yolks, salt and milk. Mix well. Place in heavy saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring until warm. Combine sugar and flour, gradually add to milk mixture, stirring constantly until thickened. Boil 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla and peanut butter. Let cool slightly.nPour filling into cooled pie shell. Chill thoroughly. Garnish with whipped cream and roasted peanuts., ingredients: [1 12 cups sifted flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons of sugar, 12 cup shortening, 2 12 to 3 tablespoons of ice cold water, Pinch of salt, 2 12 cups milk, 3 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, Baked pie shell from above, 1 cup cream, whipped, 12 cup peanuts, roasted], title: Rosemaries Peanut Butter Pie, picturelink: null}, 37927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 12inch baking dish and line it with parchment paper.nToss the oatmeal, almonds, and coconut together on a sheet pan and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned. Transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl and stir in the wheat germ.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nPlace the butter, honey, brown sugar, vanilla, and salt in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook and stir for a minute, then pour over the toasted oatmeal mixture. Add the dates, apricots, and cranberries and stir well.nPour the mixture into the prepared pan. Wet your fingers and lightly press the mixture evenly into the pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until light golden brown. Cool for at least 2 to 3 hours before cutting into squares. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups oldfashioned oatmeal, 1 cup sliced almonds, 1 cup shredded coconut, loosely packed, 12 cup toasted wheat germ, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 23 cup honey, 14 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup chopped pitted dates, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Homemade Granola Bars, picturelink: KIJIBOZ7YxGXoK4UWlR12QrXXwbHLwe}, 37928: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and season with a large pinch of salt. Add the green beans and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until tender but still crisp. Transfer to a boil of iced water to cool and then drain and pat dry.nAdd the green beans, onions, and walnuts to a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the vinegar and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the vinaigrette over the green beans, onions, and walnuts and toss to combine. Transfer to a platter and top with crumbled feta and freshly cracked black pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups toasted chopped walnuts, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, 1 cup feta, crumbled, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Green Bean, Walnut and Feta Salad, picturelink: null}, 37929: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPound the steaks with a meat tenderizing mallet until they are very thin. Set aside.nIn a shallow bowl, whisk the yogurt with the hot sauce, thyme, salt, and pepper. Spread the crushed cereal on a large plate.nCoat a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Dredge the steaks in the cereal, dip them in the yogurt mixture and then back in the cereal to coat. Place on the baking sheet and bake until browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes, turning the steaks over after 5 minutes. Serve immediately.nServing suggestion: Your favorite steak sauce and Janettes OvenBaked French Fries with Homemade Ketchup., ingredients: [1 12 pounds buffalo steak, cut into 4 equal pieces, 2 cups plain nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups finely crushed lowfat cereal recommended: Special K, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Janettes ChickenFried Buffalo Steaks, picturelink: null}, 37930: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nHalve the radishes lengthwise and place them in a bowl. Toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the radishes to the prepared baking sheet and bake until tender and a little golden, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle the lemon juice on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces radishes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Roasted Radishes, picturelink: HyjTRk337cXZv0bq818Ko82D.OHiQDy}, 37931: {instructions: In a blender puree beans with cilantro, chili powder, cumin, coriander. Pour mixture into a medium bowl. Stir in garlic, onion, eggs and enough flour to make a thick batter. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick saute pan and spoon about 1 tablespoon of batter into pan. Cook for about 2 minutes per side turning once or until cakes are golden and cooked through. Serve with a dollop of sour cream and a spoonful of salsa., ingredients: [2 cups black beans see recipe above, drained, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup flour plus more if needed, Vegetable oil, Sour cream and fresh or jarred salsa as an accompaniment], title: Bean Cakes, picturelink: null}, 37932: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lay out the pancetta onto an ungreased baking sheet. Place in the oven and cook the pancetta until extra crispy, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove and let cool.nFor the tomatoarugula pesto: In a dry skillet over medium heat, lightly toast the pine nuts until slightly golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool.nIn a food processor, add the toasted pine nuts, arugula, basil, cheese, sundried tomatoes, lemon juice and garlic. Pulse until just combined. Slowly stream in the olive oil until the pesto has a nice rustic consistency, about 10 seconds. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the sandwich build: On the bottom of a slice of challah, schmear a bit of mayo and then top with some of the turkey slices and a piece of lettuce. Schmear pesto on both sides of the second slice of challah and place it on top of the lettuce, and then more turkey and then some of the pancetta. Schmear mayo on the third challah slice and top off the sandwich. Use a toothpick to skewer the layers together. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nCut it into quarters, tip the D.J. to play your favorite jam RKellys Ignition [remix] and get to Clubbin., ingredients: [20slices thinly cut pancetta, 14 cuppine nuts, 1 cuparugula baby arugula or regular, 1 cup freshbasil leaves, 1 cupgrated Parmesan, 1 cupoilpacked sundried tomatoes, chopped, 1tablespoon fresh squeezed lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher saltand freshly ground black pepper, 12slices fresh challah bread, cut about 13inch thick, Japanese mayonnaise, 1 poundmapleglazed turkey breast, sliced thin, 4 crispleaves red leaf lettuce], title: The Playas Club, picturelink: h0seimK83Ci0W68yJYXPilTUagRlTi}, 37933: {instructions: Remove skin the sole fillets with a knife, leaving only the white flesh of the fish. Season each fillet on both sides with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat just enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan, over high heat. Place the sole fillets in the pan and sear both sides until they are slightly brown and cooked through. Top each fillet with the white wine mustard sauce and diced green olives. Plate with Zucchini Fritters and Rice Almandine.nIn a medium sized saute pan, reduce the wine by 12 over mediumhigh heat. Add the mustard and the cream and stir thoroughly until the flavors have combined.nThoroughly clean the skin of the zucchini. With a standing grater, shred the zucchini and place in colander to drain the water. Add salt, to taste. In a medium sized bowl, combine the egg, breadcrumbs, and garlic. Add the zucchini to the bowl and toss until it is covered with the breadcrumb mixture. Form the mixture into small patties. In a large saute pan, heat vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat, and add the patties to the pan. Cook the fritters until both sides are browned and crispy.nIn a small pot, bring 2 cups of water to a rolling boil. Add the rice to the pot and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pot and allow the rice to simmer until all of the water is absorbed. In a small pan, saute the cranberries and almonds in butter over medium heat. Add the cranberries and the almonds to the rice before serving., ingredients: [3 sole fillets, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, for sauteing, White Wine Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Green olives, chopped, Zucchini Fritters, recipe follows, Rice Almandine, recipe follows, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup yellow mustard, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 zucchini, Salt, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, minced, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 1 cup long grain rice, 18 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup slivered almonds, 1 tablespoon butter], title: PanSeared Sole with a White Wine Mustard Sauce and Zucchini Fritters and Rice Almandine with Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 37934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the buffalo sauce: In a large mixing bowl, combine the tomato sauce, melted butter, brown sugar, hot sauce, paprika, cayenne and vinegar. Stir to combine and add salt to taste. Set aside while prepping the rest of the ingredients.nTo make the cheese filling: In a large mixing bowl, combine the ricotta, blue cheese crumbles, barbeque rub seasoning, green chile seasoning and eggs. Stir until well blended.nFor the lasagna: Build the layers of the lasagna in a large baking pan approximately 21 by 13inch. Start with a thin layer of sauce on the bottom of the pan. Cover with a layer of noboil lasagna. Spoon some of the ricotta cheese mixture onto the noodles and spread it out into an even layer. Layer on the shredded chicken. Repeat layers, starting with the sauce and finish with a covering of the threecheese mix. You should get two layers. The last or top layer should be a layer of noodles, then sauce and the shredded cheese.nBake for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 jars 16 ounces tomato sauce, 3 sticks butter, melted, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon vinegar, Salt, 2 containers 48 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 pound crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon barbeque rub seasoning, 1 tablespoon green chile rub, 1 pound shredded Colby and Jack cheese blend, 4 eggs, 2 boxes 9 ounces noboil lasagna noodles, 1 rotisserie chicken from the grocery store, deboned and shredded], title: Buffalo Chicken Lasagna aka Buffalo DewSagna, picturelink: kWAJgGxVM3nUd5pUkdZZ9JL9zkiel0.}, 37935: {instructions: Wrap the bay leaf, rosemary, and fennel seeds in a cheesecloth bag. Set the sachet aside. Heat the oil in a very large pot over medium heat. Add the chopped fennel and shallots and saute until the fennel is tender, about 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes with their juices, the wine and fish broth. Stir in the tomato paste. Add the sachet. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cover and simmer until the flavors blend, about 10 minutes.nAdd the clams to the cooking liquid. Cover and cook until the clams open, about 68 minutes discard any clams that do not open. Using tongs, transfer the clams to a bowl. Repeat with the mussels. Add the potatoes to the cooking liquid and simmer until they are almost tender, about 10 minutes. Add the fish, shrimp, and corn. Simmer until the fish and shrimp are just cooked through, and the corn is heated through, about 5 minutes. Return the clams and mussels to the soup. Stir in the parsley. Season the soup to taste with salt and pepper.nLadle the soup into bowls and serve with the Garlic Toasts with Red Pepper Aioli.nAioli:nTo make the garlic bread: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle the oil over the bread slices. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until the bread is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Immediately rub the garlic cloves over the hot toasts.nTo make the aioli: Finely chop the garlic in the food processor. Add the peppers and blend until almost smooth. Blend in the mayonnaise. With the machine running, blend in the oil. Season the aioli, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer the aioli to a small bowl. The aioli can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.nSpread the aioli over the toasts and serve., ingredients: [1 bay leaf, 1 large fresh rosemary sprig, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, coarsely crushed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 fennel bulb, chopped, 3 large shallots, chopped, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 3 cups fish broth or bottled clam juice, 14 cup tomato paste, 8 small littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed, debearded, 1 russet potato, about 8 ounces, peeled, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 12 pounds assorted firmfleshed fish filets such as halibut, salmon, or tuna, cut into 1 14 inch chunks, 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, 2 corn cobs, quartered crosswise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Garlic Toasts with Red Pepper Aioli, recipe follows, Garlic Bread:, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 12inch thick slices ciabatta bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, 2 garlic cloves, 12 cup roasted red bell peppers, drained, patted dry, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Seafood Boil, picturelink: null}, 37936: {instructions: Heat oil in a large straightsided skillet or a Dutch oven. Season chicken pieces with salt and pepper and add them to hot oil to sear. Remove to a plate.nSaute onion until soft then add turmeric, crushed red pepper flakes, apricots, olives, lemon zest and chicken stock. Stir and cook for a few minutes.nReturn chicken to pan, bring to a boil and then partially cover and lower to a simmer. Simmer for 20 more minutes. Tear fresh cilantro over chicken before serving., ingredients: [18 cup olive oil, 1 4lb. chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 1 cup dried apricots, 1 cup crushed, pitted green olives, 1 red onion, cut into eighths, 1 Tbs. crushed red pepper flakes, 1 Tbs. cumin, 1 cup chicken stock, zest of 1 lemon, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, salt and pepper to taste], title: Chicken Tajine, picturelink: null}, 37937: {instructions: In a non stick skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Add ginger and cook to release aroma. Add scallions, grated carrot, bean sprouts and toss to coat. Stir in vinegar, soy sauce and dash of sesame oil and toss to coat. Cook for 5 minutes or until most of the liquid evaporates. Set aside to cool.nHeat 3 inches of vegetable oil in deep pan to 365 degrees or until a cube of bread browns in one minute. Place 1 tablespoon of the mixture on a wonton square. Fold in sides and roll up. Rub a little water along remaining wonton edge and press against roll to seal closed. Repeat procedure to make remaining rolls. Fry 4 rolls at a time in the hot oil until golden brown. Remove rolls to a paper towel to drain. Serve hot with soy sauce, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon ginger, 2 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 1 cup bean sprouts, 2 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoon soy sauce, Dash sesame oil, 20 small square wonton wrappers, Vegetable oil, Soy sauce for dipping], title: Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 37938: {instructions: Make the rice: In a saucepan over moderately high heat bring the water to a boil, add the bouillon cube, bay leaves, sesame oil, and salt to taste, and stir to dissolve bouillon. Add the rice, bring back to the boil, stirring, and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes. Transfer rice to a bowl and fluff with a fork. Discard bay leaves.nMake the egg sheets: In a bowl whisk together the whole eggs, egg whites, and salt. In a large nonstick skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot, add the egg mixture, lifting and tilting the pan to coat the bottom evenly with the egg, and let it cook until set on the underside. Turn and let cook until eggs are completely set. Transfer to a plate and let cool. Cut into shreds. In a wok or casserole set over moderately high heat, warm the 3 tablespoons of oil until it is hot. Add the garlic and gingerroot and stirfry for 1 minute, or until fragrant. Add the onion, green pepper, carrots, mushrooms, and salt and stirfry 5 minutes. Add the celery and cabbage and stirfry 3 minutes more. Add the garam masala and Szechuan sauce, and stirfry 2 minutes. Add the bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and 12 cup water and let cook, stirring, 3 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are crisptender. Add the rice and egg sheets, and stirfry until rice is heated through. Season with the chili paste, sesame oil, and cilantro. Adjust seasonings. Transfer mixture to a large serving dish., ingredients: [3 cups water, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 3 small bay leaves, 1 tablespoon Oriental sesame oil, Salt, to taste, 1 12 cups converted rice, 2 large eggs, 2 egg whites, Salt, to taste, 1 tablespoon oil, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced gingerroot, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, wiped clean, trimmed and sliced, Salt to taste, 4 stalks celery, thickly sliced, 3 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 14 to 13 cup Szechuan stirfry sauce, or to taste, 1 8ounce can bamboo shoots, drained, 1 8ounce can water chestnuts, drained, 12 cup water, 2 to 3 teaspoons chili paste, or to taste, 2 to 3 teaspoons Oriental sesame oil, or to taste, 12 cup minced fresh cilantro, or to taste], title: PanAsian Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 37939: {instructions: Season fish with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add fish to pan and cook 2 minutes on each side, carefully transfer to a plate with a thin spatula and loosely cover with foil.nAdd another tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, then add garlic, onions, red bell peppers and chopped hot peppers. Season veggies with salt and pepper. Saute 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add tomatoes and cook 1 minute more. Deglaze the pan the wine and bring up drippings with a wooden spoon. Slide fish back into pan and add manila clams. Cover the pan and reduce heat to simmer. Cook 5 minutes. Sprinkle parsley over the fish and clams and discard any unopened clams. Serve fish and clams on a bed of Orange and Almond couscous.nToast nuts in the bottom of a medium saucepot over medium heat. Transfer toasted nuts to a dish and reserve. Return pot to the stove top. Add broth and oil, cover pot and raise heat bring the broth to a boil. Remove pot from heat, immediately. Add couscous, orange zest and parsley, then stir. Cover and let couscous stand 5 minutes. Fluff cooked couscous with fork and toss with toasted almonds. TIDBIT: Slice zested oranges and serve them after dinner., ingredients: [4 6ounce orange roughy fish fillets, Coarse salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small to medium yellow skinned onion, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, quartered lengthwise, then sliced into 12 inch strips, 6 pepperoncini hot peppers, chopped, 12 pint grape tomatoes, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, chopped, 20 to 24 manila clams, Orange and Almond Coucous, recipe follows, 2 ounces 14 cup sliced almonds, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups plain couscous, 2 navel oranges, zested, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful], title: Orange Roughy with Sweet and Hot Peppers and Manila Clams, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 37940: {instructions: If using regular yogurt place the yogurt in a strainer lined with a paper towel. Put the strainer over a bowl and place in the refrigerator to drain and thicken for 30 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine the thickened or Greekstyle yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and thyme until smooth. Fold in chicken, grapes, walnuts and apples. Season with pepper.nPlace 1 lettuce leaf on a wrap. Spoon about 34 cup of the chicken filling onto wrap and roll wrap around filling., ingredients: [1 cup nonfat plain yogurt or 34 cups nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon Mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon minced thyme, 1 pound cooked, skinless chicken breast cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup seedless grapes, sliced in 12, 14 cup toasted, coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 medium apple, cored and diced about 34 cup, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 large leaves Romaine lettuce, rinsed and patted dry, 5 wholewheat wraps, about 8 inches in diameter], title: Waldorf Chicken Wraps, picturelink: 7JSWCiL1zzdcDmnd4Fk6JkNgW6b9C4e}, 37941: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: candy sticks or craft sticks, or use a plastic forknWash the apples well to remove their waxy coating. If very waxy, dip for one second in boiling water and then wipe. Melt the caramels in a small saucepan with 1 tablespoon water over mediumlow heat until smooth. If melting in the microwave, place the caramels and water in a 4cup liquid measuring cup. Microwave until smooth and melted, 1 12 to 2 12 minutes, checking and stirring every 30 seconds. Line a baking sheet with wax paper and spray with nonstick spray. Once the caramel is smooth, stir in the vanilla. Dip the apples into the caramel one at a time be sure they are dry, and tip the cup to help coat the apples. Let the excess caramel drip off, and use the edge of the cup to help remove the excess. Dip the apple in the topping of your choice and let it rest on the wax paper. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [6 small or 4 medium tart apples, 7 ounces caramel candies about 28 candies, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 37942: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nArrange bread slices on cookie sheet. Evenly spread with 1 cup Sauce, then layer basil, chicken, remaining 1 cup sauce and cheese. Bake 12 minutes or until cheese is melted and bruschetta is heated through. Garnish, if desired, with thinly sliced basil leaves.nAlso terrific with Bertolli Vineyard Premium Collections Portobello Mushroom with Merlot Sauce, ingredients: [1 large French baguette, sliced into 18 diagonal pieces and toasted, 2 cups Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Fire Roasted Tomato with Cabernet Sauvignon Sauce, 1 bunch fresh basil, 1 lb. breaded and cooked chicken cutlets or tenderloins, cut into thin slices, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 14inchthick slices], title: Chicken Parmesan Bruschetta, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 37943: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat, saute kielbasa until browned, about 4 minutes on each side. Remove kielbasa to a plate and keep warm. In the same pan, saute the onion and the apple for1 minute. Drain and rinse the sauerkraut and add it to the apples and onion in the skillet. Add the chicken stock and caraway seeds to the pan and stir. Return the kielbasa to the skillet and cover. Put covered skillet in hot oven and cook for 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 ring kielbasa, about 2 pounds, 1 medium onions, chopped, 1 tart green apple, cored, pealed and chopped into cubes, 1 package sauerkraut, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Kielbasa with Apple Caraway Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 37944: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring water and sugar to a simmer and simmer for 2 minutes to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat and cool. Stir in the juice and taste for sweetness. Make the sorbetto according to the manufacturers instructions for your ice cream maker. Or pour the mixture into a shallow dish and place it into the freezer for 1 hour. Break up the ice particles with a fork every hour until a smooth, frozen consistency is achieved., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups blood orange juice], title: Blood Orange Sorbetto, picturelink: null}, 37945: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt and butter. Pulse until dough comes together into a ball. If the dough is too sticky add a little more flour so that you can shape the soft dough into a ball. Wrap the dough ball in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes.nSprinkle some flour onto your work surface and roll the dough 18inch thick. Using a 2inch round cookie cutter cut out the cookies and transfer to a parchment lined baking sheet. Bring the dough scraps together and gently press into a ball. Flour your work surface, reroll 18inch thick and cut out more rounds.nBake the cookies until they are golden and firm, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely, about 25 minutes.nPlace the dulce de leche in a small bowl and stir in the cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg. Spread about 1 12 teaspoons of the dulce de leche on the flat side of a cookie and sandwich with the flat side of another cookie. Place the cookies on a platter, dust them with powdered sugar, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 14 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, plus extra for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and softened, 1 12 cups dulce de leche, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg], title: Dulce de Leche Cookie Sandwiches Alfajor, picturelink: Le53N4akWUmS0GfJa.F6AK1B0QRqfW6}, 37946: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, zest, mustard, tarragon, honey, and a little salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified., ingredients: [Zest and juice of 1 large lemon, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon clover honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil or canola oil], title: LemonMustardTarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 37947: {instructions: Drain the yogurt in cheesecloth or paper towel for a short while so it thickens even more. Place the yogurt in a bowl, add the remaining ingredients and mix together., ingredients: [32.5 to 35.3 ounces Greek yogurt, 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage, 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 4 teaspoons garlic powder, 6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Yogurt Dip, picturelink: 5QFsxM6mFLGfQE35ee00Tf7Ut2XNb8y}, 37948: {instructions: Generously season the beef with salt and pepper and form into 2 12inch thick oval patties.nSet aside, or place in the refrigerator while you cook the onions.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil into a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once oil is hot, add onion and saute until browned, about 8 minutes.nSeason the onions with red pepper flakes, salt, pepper, and chopped parsley. Remove onions from the skillet to a bowl and reserve.nAdd the remaining tablespoon oil to the hot skillet. Once hot, add the burgers and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until very browned on one side. Flip and continue cooking the other side for another 3 minutes. Remove from pan.nPreheat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nAssemble the patty melts:nTop 2 pieces rye bread each with a slice of cheese, onions, the burger patty, a second slice of cheese, and a final piece of bread.nButter both the top and bottom of the sandwich.nGrill each sandwich until golden and the cheese melts, about 3 to4 minutes on each side.nServe hot with mustard and a side of pickles., ingredients: [12 ounces ground beef preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced into half moons, Small pinch red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 slices rye bread, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, Mustard, for serving, Pickles, for serving], title: Patty Melt, picturelink: 0I88APYS6VHKKae7kCgxGLsCBhDxnNy}, 37949: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together cider vinegar, honey mustard, sugar, and oil. Add slaw mix and parsley and mix well.nArrange turkey slices on bottom half of rolls. Place rolls on a baking sheet. Spoon slaw mixture over turkey and top slaw with Muenster cheese. Place sandwiches until broiler and broil 3 minutes, until cheese melts., ingredients: [14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup shredded cole slaw mix, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 ounces leftover turkey tenderloin, thinly sliced, 4 kaiser or submarine rolls, 4 thick slices Muenster cheese], title: Turkey Melts with SweetNSour Slaw and Monster Cheese, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 37950: {instructions: Make the doughnuts: Put 14 cup warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F in a stand mixer bowl. Add a pinch of granulated sugar, then sprinkle the yeast on top let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes.nWhisk 12 cup granulated sugar, the milk, eggs, 4 tablespoons melted butter, the lemon zest, salt and vanilla in a separate bowl. Add to the yeast mixture and whisk to combine. Using the dough hook on medium speed, gradually beat in the flour, scraping down the bowl as needed. Continue beating until the dough gathers around the hook, about 3 minutes. Turn out onto a clean surface and shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, 1 hour to 1 hour 30 minutes. If making the dough ahead, punch it down, wrap in plastic and refrigerate overnight bring to room temperature before continuing.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface roll out into a 12inch round, about 12 inch thick. Cut out 12 circles with a floured 3inchround cookie cutter, then cut out the centers with a 34inchround cutter. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and lightly coat with cooking spray. Arrange the doughnuts and doughnut holes on the baking sheet, leaving space between each cover loosely with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until slightly puffed, about 30 minutes.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 340 degrees F. Use scissors to cut the parchment around each doughnut, leaving a 1inch border. Carefully invert 2 doughnuts into the oil and peel off the parchment with tongs. Fry until golden, 1 minute 30 seconds to 2 minutes per side. Fry the doughnut holes 1 minute per side. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Bring the oil back to 340 degrees F and repeat with the remaining doughnuts.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, milk, lemon zest, vanilla and salt in a bowl. Dip the warm doughnuts in the glaze.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [For the doughnuts:, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus a pinch, 1 14ounce packet active dry yeast, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Cooking spray, Vegetable oil, for frying, For the glaze:, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt], title: Yeast Doughnuts, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 37951: {instructions: For the brine: Combine water, beer, brown sugar, salt, and lemon juice in large mixing bowl. Stir until salt and sugar dissolve. Pour mixture into plastic bag. Add ribs and seal bag, removing as much air as possible. Refrigerate overnight, turning occasionally.nFor the rub: Combine brown sugar, savory, garlic, paprika and cloves in a small mixing bowl and blend. Remove ribs from refrigerator and from brine. Pat dry with a paper towel. Brush the ribs with mustard to coat evenly. Sprinkle brown sugar mixture over ribs and let stand at room temperature.nFor the glaze: Pour cherry cola in cooking pot over mediumhigh heat. Cook until cola is reduced to 1 12 cups, about 45 minutes. Add jam, mustard, soy sauce, vinegar, and hot pepper sauce into the cooking pot and stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until the mixture is reduced to 2 12 cups, stirring occasionally, about 35 minutes. Pour mixture into a bowl and take to grill for glazing.nPreheat barbecue grill. If using charcoal grill, light briquettes in chimney. If using 3 burner gas grill, light 2 burners on opposite ends and leave middle burner off. If using 2 burner gas grill, light only 1 burner. Take a disposable pan and place it over the unlit burner. If using the charcoal grill place half on each side of the pan. The pan will be used to collect excess.nPlace ribs on rack over aluminum pan, meat side up. Cover grill and cook until ribs are tender and meat pulls away from bone by 14inch, turning and rotating ribs every 12 hour. Before rotating brush the glaze generously on each side. Allow to cook for 1 12 hours. Remove from grill and serve., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 12ounce bottle light bodied beer, 12 cup brown sugar, packed, 3 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 2 12gallon plastic resealable bag, 2 4pound racks baby back pork ribs, 14 cup brown sugar, packed, 1 tablespoon dried summer savory, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup yellow mustard, 4 12ounce cans cherry cola, room temperature, 2 cups cherry jam or preserves, 23 cup Dijon mustard with horseradish, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons malt vinegar or apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce], title: Cherry Cola Glazed Ribs, picturelink: null}, 37952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBuy quality whole beans from a reliable purveyor preferably a roaster. If you dont have a grinder at home, ask a salesperson to grind whole beans for you rather than settling for preground.nPurchasing bulk unpackaged beans from a specialty shop is okay as long as the bins or jars are relatively small and refilled regularly. Large vats hold a lot of beans and therefore dont need frequent filling. That means that beans can hang around for a long time being exposed to light and air. That can mean stale beans, and staleness is not a desirable attribute.nPurchase prepackaged whole beans only when sealed in a foilstyle bag featuring a oneway valve. The dimeshaped plastic valve is usually integrated into the packaging so that it will be as unobtrusive as possible, so check carefully. The absence of a valve means that the coffee probably sat and gassed out before it was packaged. That means it could be stale. Stale, again, is not a good thing. And remember: paper bags with twist tops are temporary transportation vessels, not storage devices.nTry to purchase only a weeks worth of beans at a time. If you live where this is impractical, purchase several small sealed packages rather than one large one. Unopened oneway valve bags will keep coffee fresh for approximately three months. If you buy bulk coffee not sealed with oneway valves in large amounts, divide into weekly batches, seal in Masonstyle jars and freeze. Transfer these small batches to counter top storage as needed see below .nStore opened or bulk coffee in an airtight, opaque container and store at room temperature for up to a week.nGrind coffee as close to brewing time as possible. For drip method, grind in blade style grinder for 15 to 20 seconds. For French presses, grind for only 10 to 12 seconds.nRegardless of method, brew using 2 heaping tablespoons of coffee for each 6 ounces of clean filtered or bottled, cool water. If you prefer a milder cup, brew to full strength between 190 and 205 degrees F, and then dilute with hot water. Brewing with too little coffee will result in overextraction, and that means bitterness.nIf you really want to taste the subtle nuances of regional coffees, consider a gold mesh filter.nWhen purchasing a coffee maker either manual or electric, look for a model that brews into a thermal carafe rather than a glass pot designed to sit on a heating element. Continuous heating of coffee leads to bitterness.nQuality decaffeinated coffees usually cost more than regular beans., ingredients: [Brewing a simply perfect cup of Joe can be perfectly simple, if you stick to some basic guidelines:], title: True Brew, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 37953: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain and chop fine. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, stir together the butter, shallots, garlic, parsley, lemon juice, salt, and cayenne until combined. Set aside.nArrange the clams in a single layer in a large skillet pan, cover, and steam over high heat until their shells just begin to open, about 5 to 8 minutes. Do this in batches if needed. Set aside. When cool enough to handle, remove the top shells and discard. Slide a knife under each clam to loosen it in the shell.nCrumple a large piece of aluminum foil and spread it out on a baking sheet. The creases in the foil help keep the clams from tipping over. Spread about a 14 teaspoon of the seasoned butter on top of each clam, top with some of the bacon, and about 12 teaspoon of the crumbs. Evenly space the clams on the prepared baking sheet. The clams can be prepared to this point, covered, and refrigerated, up to 4 hours before serving.nPlace a rack about 4 inches from the broiler element and preheat. Broil the clams until the crumbs are toasted and the butter is sizzling, about 3 to 4 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 slices bacon about 2 ounces, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 36 little neck or cherrystone clams, scrubbed, 12 cup sourdough breadcrumbs], title: Clams Casino, picturelink: null}, 37954: {instructions: For the crackers: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, Parmesan, tarragon, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated. Add the heavy cream and process until the dough comes together. If the dough is too dry, add a little more cream, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the dough comes together.nLightly flour a sheet of parchment paper and place the dough on top. Shape the dough into a rectangle with your hands, then lightly flour the dough and roll it out with a rolling pin until it is a little less than 14 inch thick about a 15by12inch rectangle. Poke all over with a fork. Cut the dough into squares or rectangles and carefully transfer them to the prepared baking sheet. Bake until light golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely on a rack.nFor the mushrooms: Increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nToss the mushrooms with the oil, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper on the prepared baking sheet. Roast, stirring once or twice, until tender and well browned, 20 to 25 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine the lemon juice, tarragon and a pinch of salt and pepper. Transfer the mushrooms to a bowl and top with the tarragonlemon juice mixture.nServe the crackers with the mushrooms on the side for topping., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 34 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup heavy cream, plus more as needed, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms such as shiitake, oyster and cremini, sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon], title: Polenta Crackers with Roasted Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: KQw8CrDAG87nlI042K2p.j17pjLBlj.}, 37955: {instructions: Cut off tops of strawberries and place on cookie sheet. Freeze. Once frozen, place in blender with concentrate, rum and a hand full of ice cubes. Blend until smooth. Pour into cups and serve., ingredients: [2 Cups strawberries, 3 tablespoons lemonade concentrate, 1 shot of rum, Ice cubes], title: Strawberry Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 37956: {instructions: Put all of the ingredients in sauce pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until desired consistency, about 40 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [3 to 4 jalapenos, finely chopped, 8 cups cranberries, 2 limes, zested and juiced, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup water, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Spicy Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 37957: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 by 13 inch baking pan. Sift the dry ingredients together and set aside. In an electric mixer cream the butter, molasses and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and add the reserved dry ingredients and mix until just incorporated. Fold in oats, raisins, nuts and chips. Spread dough in an even layer on prepared pan and bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned. Let cool on a rack for 10 minutes then carefully cut in to bars approximately 3 inches square. Remove bars from pan and allow to cool completely., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup uncooked rolled oats, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup butterscotch chips, 12 cup chopped walnuts, optional], title: Oatmeal Bars, picturelink: null}, 37958: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the sugar and 34 cup warm water. Let sit for 10 minutes until it begins to foam.nIn a large bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and the olive oil. Using a fork, incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until a dough forms. On a lightly floured surface, continue to work and then knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.nLightly coat a clean bowl with additional olive oil and add the dough, turning once to coat in oil. Cover and set in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPunch down the dough and divide it into 2 pieces. Working with one piece at a time, stretch the dough into a 12inch circle that will fit on the grill pan. Add the dough to the hot grill pan and cook until stiff and bubbles start to form, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side until grill marks form and the dough is completely cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes more.nTransfer the crusts to baking sheets and load with desired toppings. Add the loaded pizzas to the oven and cook until the cheese melts this will vary depending on the type of cheese, about 6 minutes., ingredients: [One .25ounce packet active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl], title: Homemade Grilled Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 37959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the herb sour cream: In a medium bowl, whisk together the sour cream, chives and dill. Set aside.nFor the zucchini cakes: Mix the zucchini, breadcrumbs, Parmesan, basil, garlic, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper in a large bowl. In a separate medium bowl, whisk the eggs with the buttermilk, and then stir the egg mixture into the zucchini mixture.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Form patties with the zucchini batter about 14 cup for each and add to the skillet. Panfry the cakes until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon salt.nServe while hot and crisp with a dollop of the herb sour cream., ingredients: [2 cups sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 3 cups shredded zucchini, 2 cups plain breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Zucchini Cakes with Herb Sour Cream, picturelink: HCLr3s8xefORJws9IfjFMKNin0E99Z.}, 37960: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place two 7stick castiron corn stick molds in the oven to heat at least 15 minutes. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat until it foams. Toss in the jalapeno, scallions and garlic. Saute until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with a little salt. Set aside to cool slightly.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking soda and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk the buttermilk and egg lightly in a small bowl until combined. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the buttermilk mixture all at once. Stir the two mixtures together just until combined. Add the jalapeno mixture to the bowl along with any butter in the pan. Add the cheddar cheese and stir to combine the batter will be thick.nRemove the hot pans from the oven and brush with the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter. Divide the batter among the molds, then place back into the oven and bake 10 to 12 minutes, until lightly golden and springy to the touch.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter 2 tablespoons melted, 1 small red jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, shaken, 1 large egg, 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese], title: Cornbread Sticks, picturelink: a4JaOIHmJ9nHBswlEa0TEAHvo0oWje}, 37961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, toss together the bread cubes and melted butter. Add the vanilla sugar and toss until the bread cubes are coated in sugar. Arrange the bread cubes in a single layer on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cool completely.nIn a small saucepan, bring the orange juice, lemon juice, and sugar to a simmer, over mediumlow heat. Stir until the sugar has dissolved, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the blueberries and strawberries and simmer until the fruit softens, about 6 to 8 minutes. Cool the syrup to room temperature.nCombine all the ingredients in a medium bowl. Mix well.nTo serve: Divide the ricotta mixture between 4 decorative dessert bowls. Spoon the fruit syrup over the ricotta and top with the croutons. Garnish with the sliced mint.nPlace the sugar in the bowl of a food processor. Using a paring knife, slice the vanilla bean in half, lengthways, and scrape out the seeds. Add the vanilla seeds to the sugar. Pulse 10 to 15 times until the vanilla and sugar are combined. Cut the empty vanilla pod into 1inch pieces and place in a glass mason jar. Add the vanilla sugar to the jar and seal. Shake the jar before using., ingredients: [14 4 ounces ciabatta loaf, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 tablespoons vanilla sugar, recipe follows, 12 cup orange juice from 1 medium orange, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from 1 lemon, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup blueberries, 8 strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 12 cups whole milk ricotta cheese, 3 teaspoons orange zest from 1 medium orange, 1 teaspoon lemon zest from 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon vanilla sugar, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh mint leaves, 2 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean], title: Ricotta with VanillaSugar Croutons and Berries, picturelink: ELPzgNyLZThHibUHoRZpZuH00Cl.oCC}, 37962: {instructions: Add the peppercorns to the vodka and allow to sit in a cool dark place for 7 days. Stir or gently shake to combine every few days. After 7 days, strain through a fine mesh strainer to remove the peppercorns. Place in a sterilized glass container with a lid and store in a cool dark place.nTips on Sterilizing Jars Properlyhandled sterilized equipment will keep canned foods in good condition for years. Sterilizing jars is the first step of preserving foods.nSterilizing Tips: Jars should be made from glass and free of any chips or cracks. Preserving or canning jars are topped with a glass, plastic, or metal lid, which has a rubber seal. Two piece lids are best for canning, as they vacuum seal when processed. To sterilize jars, before filling with jams, pickles, or preserves, wash jars and lids with hot, soapy water. Rinse well and arrange jars and lids open sides up, without touching, on a tray. Boil the jars and lids in a large saucepan, covered with water, for 15 minutes. Use tongs when handling the hot sterilized jars, to move them from boiling water. Be sure the tongs are sterilized too, by dipping the ends in boiling water for a few minutes. As a rule, hot preserves go into hot jars and cold preserves go into cold jars. All items used in the process of making jams, jellies, and preserves must be clean. This includes any towels used, and especially your hands. After the jars are sterilized, you can preserve the food. It is important to follow any canning and processing instructions included in the recipe and refer to USDA guidelines about the sterilization of canned products., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peppercorns, slightly cracked, 1 750ml bottle of vodka], title: Pepper Vodka, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 37963: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the beet until tender, about 45 minutes depending on size. Let cool, then peel. Slice into wedges and set aside.nBlanch the haricots verts in wellsalted boiling water until al dente, 3 to 5 minutes. Immediately shock in an ice water bath.nDrain the haricots verts and transfer to a bowl. Add the lemon juice and olive oil, and season with salt and pepper toss to coat.nLay the prosciutto slices on a plate and top with the haricots verts.nIn the same bowl toss the beets with a little salt and pepper, then place on top of the haricots verts.nCrumble the goat cheese over the top. Garnish with the sprouts., ingredients: [1 medium beet, 1 cup haricots verts, trimmed, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 thin slices prosciutto, 2 ounces goat cheese, 3 tablespoons alfalfa sprouts or broccoli sprouts], title: Marinated Haricots Verts with Prosciutto and Goat Cheese, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 37964: {instructions: Combine equal parts vodka and curacao in a glass. Add a splash of sour mix. Stir and pour into martini glasses. Garnish with a cherry or kiwi slice. , ingredients: [1 fluid ounce citrus vodka, 1 fluid ounce blue curacao recommended: Dekuyper Island Blue Pucker, Splash sour mix, or more to taste, 1 cherry or kiwi slice, for garnish], title: Aquatini, picturelink: null}, 37965: {instructions: Preheat the convection oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the cocoa with the hot water and add the chipotle peppers, chili powder and cayenne. Let steep for 10 minutes.nIn a standing mixing bowl, add the sugar, flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Mix on low for 30 seconds. Add the oil to the dry ingredients and mix for 1 minute on low. In a separate bowl, lightly mix the vanilla and eggs. Then add to the mixer and blend until incorporated. Add the cold water and the cocoa mixture to the mixer, a little at a time, until incorporated. Scrape the bowl and mix on low for 1 minute.nFill cupcake liners twothirds full and bake until done, about 20 minutes.nTo assemble: Cool the cupcakes completely and top with the Lime Buttercream and dip in the cooled Chocolate Ganache.nMix the butter until it is smooth, scraping the bowl every couple of minutes. Add the sugar, and mix until smooth. Then add the vanilla, lime zest and juice. Beat until smooth and creamy. Yield: 6 cups.nPut the chocolate in a stainless steel or glass bowl. In a saucepan, heat the heavy cream until just before a boil. Remove from the stove. Pour over the chocolate, and mix until all the chocolate is melted. Set aside to cool., ingredients: [23 cup 80 grams cocoa, 1 cup hot water, 14 cup pureed chipotle peppers, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups 400 grams sugar, 2 cups 1 12 tablespoons 275 grams allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 cup cold water, Lime Buttercream, recipe follows, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, 2 pounds unsalted butter, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest and juice of half a lime, 1 cup semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Dark Magic Cupcakes, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 37966: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat and add the onions. When the onions begin to soften, add the sugar and season with salt and pepper. Turn the heat to low and cover the pan. When the onions just begin to brown, remove the cover. Continue cooking, stirring frequently, until the onions are a dark brown color. Be careful not to let them burn. Set aside.nMelt 2 more tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium heat. Cut several shallow slashes across the hot dogs and add them to the pan. Fry until they are cooked through and nicely browned. Set aside and keep warm. Add the cocktail franks to the pan and fry until they are cooked through and nicely browned. Set aside and keep warm.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in another pan and set aside.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet. Split open the hot dog buns and toast them in the buttery juices. Spread a thin layer of mousse inside both halves of each bun. Top with a hot dog and pile on the onions. Add a few dollops of mustard and serve.nSplit the dinner rolls down the middle and spoon on some of the melted butter. Stuff in 2 of the cocktail franks and spread on some mousse. Top with some onions and mustard and serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 package hot dogs, such as Hebrew National Jumbo Beef Franks, 1 package cocktail franks, 4 hot dog buns, 1 package hot dog buns, One 8ounce package liver mousse, Whole grain mustard, to serve, 1 package brownandserve dinner rolls], title: A Big Decadent Hot Dog, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 37967: {instructions: Make the pate brisee and roll into a cylinder. Chill for 12 hour or up to 3 days.nHeat the butter and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet. Season with salt, pepper and thyme and cook the onions over medium low heat until caramelized. Remove the onions from skillet and set aside in a bowl to cool. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the skillet and saute the potatoes, seasoned with salt and pepper, until about 34 cooked. Combine the potatoes with the onions, mix in 14 cup Parmesan and set aside to cool completely. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nCut the cylinder of dough in half and refrigerate one half. Press the piece of dough into a rectangle and then roll it, on a lightly floured surface, into a rectangle measuring about 17 x 8 inches. Brush off any excess flour and transfer the dough to an ungreased cookie sheet. Position it so that there is room for the second piece. Refrigerate the tray while you roll out the second piece of dough in the same way and place it on the cookie sheet.nUsing a serrated pastry wheel, trim the edges of the rectangles to even them. Cut a v out of each corner to prevent the dough from bunching when its folded. Spread half the potatoonion mixture on each, leaving a 1 12inch border all around. Fold up the edges. Brush the dough with egg wash and sprinkle the remaining Parmesan over the dough and filling. Bake about 40 minutes, or until the crust is nicely browned. Slice each section on the diagonal into about 6 pieces., ingredients: [1 recipe Pate Brisee, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, Kosher salt, Pepper, 3 medium onions about 1 14 pounds, thinly sliced, 1 14 pounds potatoes, peeled and diced in 12inch cubes, 6 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, Egg wash lightly beaten egg with 1 teaspoon milk], title: Potato Onion Galette, picturelink: null}, 37968: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat sugar and 14 cup pear brandy over moderate heat until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool syrup. Spoon 1 12 tablespoons syrup into each of 4 champagne glasses and add 1 teaspoon pear brandy to each glass. Add 23 cup champagne to each glass and stir well. Cut pear lenghtwise into thin slices and add 1 slice to each cocktail., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 14 cup plus 4 teaspoons French pear brandy Recommended: Poire William, 2 23 cups chilled champagne, 1 Seckle or small Bosc pear], title: Pear Brandy Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: U5WQfrHazkW2ccAWv0jGB.ta7HZwjEK}, 37969: {instructions: In a small bowl blend together 4 tablespoons of the butter with the sage, zest, and salt. Loosen the skin covering the breast meat on each hen by slipping your fingers under the skin and sliding them between the skin and the meat. Divide the butter mixture between the hens, inserting it under the skin of each hen and smoothing it evenly by rubbing the outside of the skin, and season the hens with salt and pepper. Tie each hens legs together with kitchen string. In a large ovenproof heavy skillet, or small flameproof roasting pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides. In it saute the hens, breast sides up, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the underside is golden brown, and roast them in the middle of a preheated 450 degree oven, basting them with the pan juices every 10 minutes, for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the fleshy part of the thigh registers 180 degrees. Let the hens stand for 5 minutes, then discard the string., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon crumbled dried sage, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 1 12pound Cornish hens, rinsed and patted dry], title: Roast Cornish Hens with Sage Butter, picturelink: null}, 37970: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Rinse the veal and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. Make the stuffing: In a saucepan of boiling salted water, blanch the sweet potato, white potato, carrot, celery, and onion for 2 minutes. Drain and pat dry. In a skillet set over moderate heat, cook the pork in 1 tablespoon of oil, stirring, just until no longer pink. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Add the blanched vegetables, the remaining oil, rice, cheese, eggs, parsley, and salt and pepper to the pork and stir to combine well. Fill the pocket with stuffing and seal by sewing up or securing with toothpicks. Arrange the veal on a rack in a roasting pan, brush with oil, and season with paprika, salt and pepper. Add enough water to measure 1 inch in the pan and roast, covered with foil, for 2 12 hours. Remove the foil and continue to roast, basting with pan juices, for 30 minutes more. Transfer the veal to a cutting board and let it stand, loosely covered, for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 5pound boned breast of veal with pocket, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 sweet potato 8 ounces, peeled and diced, 1 small white potato 4 ounces, peeled and diced, 1 small carrot, peeled and diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 12 cup minced onion, 12 pound ground pork, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup cooked rice, 14 cup grated Locatelli, 2 hardcooked eggs, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, Olive oil, to taste, Paprika, to taste], title: Stuffed Breast of Veal, picturelink: null}, 37971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hollandaise: In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the butter until bubbling hot. In a blender, add the egg yolks, black pepper, to taste, and 1 tablespoon of lemon juice. Cover the blender and blend on high speed for several seconds. Either remove center cap of the blender lid or carefully remove the lid itself with blender still running. Pour the hot butter in a thin, steady stream into whirling egg mixture. Add the chipotle and pulse to combine. Taste sauce and adjust seasoning with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. If your sauce gets too thick, you can thin it out with a couple tablespoons of boiling hot water. For the eggs: In a heavy saucepan combine about 2 quarts of water and the vinegar and bring to a simmer. Break 1 egg into a small bowl or cup and slide the egg into a ladle. Lower the ladle into the water, and hold it there, for 1 minute before removing the ladle and leaving the egg to cook for 2 minutes more. Poach at a low simmer until the whites are firm and the yolks are still runny. Repeat with each remaining egg. Transfer the eggs, with a slotted spoon, to paper towels until ready to serve. To assemble: Arrange a croissant half, cut side up, on each of 4 plates. Put 1 piece of prosciutto on each half, then 2 poached eggs and top with hollandaise. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, 3 egg yolks, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced and seeded canned chipotles in adobo sauce , 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 8 very fresh large eggs, 2 large croissants, sliced in 12, 4 slices prosciutto], title: Eggs Benedicto Chipotle Eggs Benedict with Blender Mock Hollandaise, picturelink: Gugtd93g8ajiMV.tV00w7lzkXfxG.6}, 37972: {instructions: Sift flour and measure then sift together with the other dry ingredients. Beat the egg, then add the milk and melted shortening. Pour the wet into the dry then add the raw apples and mix well. Pour into a well greased 8inch square pan. Mix together the streusel ingredients and sprinkle over the top of the batter. Bake at 400 about 25 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Serve the coffee cake with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 egg, 12 cup milk, 14 cup vegetable shortening, melted, 1 12 cups chopped Granny Smith apples 2 to 3 apples, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup flour, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Accompaniment: vanilla ice cream], title: Quick Apple Streusel Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 37973: {instructions: Line a sided sheet pan with a silicone baking mat, or oil it well with vegetable oil or use a heavyweight nonstick sheet pan.nPour the sugar into the center of a saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Pour the water around the edge of the pan and wait to allow the water to moisten the sugar. You can draw a clean finger through the center of the pan to allow some water to seep in. Add the corn syrup and bring to a boil. Add the butter and boil until the mixture reaches 300 degrees F.nTurn off the heat and whisk in the cocoa then stir in the nuts. Quickly pour the mixture onto the center of the prepared pan and let it spread out u2014 it may not reach the sides of the pan. Set aside to cool at room temperature until hard. Using your hands I wear gloves to avoid fingerprints, pry the toffee out of the pan and break into large pieces. Store in an airtight container. The toffee will keep well for up to 2 weeks in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 ounces salted butter 3 sticks, cut into chunks, 14 cup cocoa powder, preferably Droste or Valrhona, 1 cup whole blanched almonds, preferably Marcona, toasted and roughly chopped, Equipment: Silicone baking mat candy thermometer], title: Chocolate Toffee, picturelink: pzb0rKRifLWh9UQz5rV2QS8ptlAt9Hu}, 37974: {instructions: Bring the wine to a simmer in a small saucepan. Remove from the heat, add the figs and let soak until soft, about 30 minutes. Drain, and add the chopped figs to the Base Cranberry Sauce and cook another minute or so. Stir in the balsamic vinegar, and, if desired, stir some of the soaking liquid into the finished sauce.nHeat the canola oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the ginger and shallots and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, honey, orange juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, and salt. Cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves and mixture is nice and bubbly.nAdd half the cranberries and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries pop and the mixture thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining cranberries and cook another 5 minutes or so., ingredients: [1 12 cups pinot noir, 12 dried figs, halved if small, quartered if large, Base Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons highquality balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 large shallot, finely diced, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries], title: Cranberry Sauce with Pinot and Figs, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 37975: {instructions: Combine the sugar, mint stems and all and 1 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover and let steep 30 minutes. Discard the mint refrigerate the syrup until ready to use.nPut 2 quarts water in a pot and add the tea bags. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then remove from the heat, cover and let steep 20 minutes. Discard the tea bags. Pour the tea into a pitcher and add the mint syrup to taste. Refrigerate until cool.nServe the tea over ice. Garnish with lemon and mint, if desired.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 bunch fresh mint, plus leaves for garnish optional, 3 blacktea bags, Lemon slices, for garnish optional], title: Sweet Minted Tea, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 37976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat and add the carrots. Cook for 2 minutes, then drain in a colander and set aside.nIn a mediumsize pot combine all the remaining ingredients, except the parsley, and bring to a simmer over low heat. Add the drained carrots and toss to combine. Simmer on low heat for 5 minutes to incorporate flavors. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut on the bias into 2 12inch pieces, 14 cup apple cider, 14 cup light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Spicy Brown Sugar Carrots, picturelink: HMKZTRz6WgucKLVPTvElHfM1xLcELe}, 37977: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nClean the chicken and sprinkle the entire bird, inside and out, with salt and pepper. Stuff the bird with the oranges, garlic, onions, celery, rosemary and thyme. Place the chicken on a rack in a roasting pan and bake for 20 minutes. If the chicken is browning too quickly, turn the oven down to 375 degrees F and cook until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 degrees, about 1 hour 20 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the oven, tent with foil and let rest 30 minutes. While the chicken is cooking, work on the garnishes.nFor the snow peas and carrots: Fill a large pot with water, season with salt and bring to a boil. Prepare an ice bath by placing ice cubes and water in a bowl. Set aside. Dump the snap peas into the boiling water and cook until al dente. Be sure to test the peas as they are cooking to prevent them from overcooking. Use a slotted spoon to remove the snow peas from the water and plunge into the ice bath. Remove from the ice when cool and reserve until service.nPut the carrots, ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons butter and brown sugar in a saute pan and add water until the carrots are barely covered. The carrots should be in a single layer. Put on high heat and cook until all the water is nearly evaporated. Cover and set aside for service.nFor the star anise sauce: Combine the stock, soy sauce, anise seeds, honey, vinegar, sesame oil and thyme and reduce until the sauce coats the back of a spoon.nOnce the chicken has rested, carve the bird by removing the legs from the thighs and slicing the breasts in half. Pour any juices that have collected in the pan into the sauce and hold warm over low heat.nTo finish the snap peas, heat a saute pan over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon butter. Once it is bubbly, add the garlic and snap peas. Season with salt and pepper. To finish the carrots, gently reheat over medium heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter to moisten.nOnce everything is hot, serve a piece of white and dark meat garnished with the carrots, snap peas and drizzled with the sauce., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 orange, halved, 6 cloves garlic, 12 onion, halved, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt, 3 cups snow or snap peas, 4 carrots, peeled and cut on a bias 12inch thick, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons grated fresh garlic, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon anise seed, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Roasted Chicken with Star Anise Sauce, Ginger Carrots and Snap Peas, picturelink: w.ZTZVj.UtI2.6OiPBmUu2fXBG5SwW}, 37978: {instructions: Mix the breadcrumbs, milk, parsley, egg, Worcestershire sauce, onion, chili powder and garlic in a large bowl. Add the meat, season with salt and pepper and mix with your hands until combined. Shape into six 3to4inch oval loaves.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the loaves and brown about 3 minutes per side.nWhisk the ketchup, sugar and vinegar in a bowl and brush a few tablespoonfuls over the meat. Add 12 cup water to the skillet, cover and simmer over low heat until cooked through, about 15 minutes.nTransfer the loaves to a plate. Add the remaining ketchup mixture to the skillet and cook over high heat, stirring, until thick, 3 to 5 minutes. Serve 4 meatloaves with the hot glaze, reserving 2 for quesadillas.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [13 cup breadcrumbs, 13 cup milk, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 small onion, finely minced, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely minced, 1 12 pounds meatloaf mix ground beef, pork andor veal, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup ketchup, 1 to 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar], title: Mini Skillet Meatloaves, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 37979: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCream together the butter and sugars in a mixing bowl, mixing until pale yellow and light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Mix in the eggs one at a time, and then the vanilla until combined.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a separate mixing bowl. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Stir in the chocolate chips. Portion 2 tablespoons of dough for each cookie and roll together to form a ball, spacing the dough balls 2 inches apart on the baking sheet.nBake until the edges just start to brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 37980: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 375F. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat until hot. Add 1 garlic clove and 4 tablespoons of the chiles cook and stir 2 minutes. Add potatoes and 12 teaspoon salt cook 8 minutes or until potatoes are light golden brown, stirring frequently. Add peas, curry powder, lemon juice and pepper cook and stir until thoroughly heated, mashing slightly as mixture cooks. 2. Separate dough into 16 triangles. Place 2 rounded tablespoons potato mixture on shortest side of each triangle. Roll up, starting at shortest side of triangle, gently wrapping dough around filling and rolling to opposite point. Pinch edges to seal. Place on ungreased large cookie sheet. 3. Bake at 375F. for 15 to 20 minutes or until samosas are golden brown. 4. Meanwhile, in blender container, combine all sauce ingredients. Cover blend until smooth. Refrigerate until serving time. Garnish samosas with remaining chiles. Serve warm with sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Pasor Chopped Green Chiles, 1 14 12oz. can whole new potatoes, drained, diced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 15oz. can LeSueur Very Young Small Early Peas, drained, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, Pepper to taste, 2 8oz. cans Pillsburyr Refrigerated Reduced Fat Crescent Dinner Rolls, Sauce, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, Dash pepper], title: Crescent Samosas, picturelink: null}, 37981: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix wet ingredients thoroughly. Combine dry ingredients in separate bowl, mix thoroughly. Add wet ingredients to dry and mix well. Pour into 8inch nonstick cake pan sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake for 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out dry.nIn a small mixing bowl stir all of the ingredients until smooth.nIn a small mixing bowl stir all of the ingredients until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups water, 14 cup mashed bananas, 18 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup diced banana, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 cups whole wheat flour, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 12 ounces fatfree cream cheese, 3 teaspoons carob powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 ounces fatfree cream cheese, 1 teaspoon beet powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Banana Honey Cake, picturelink: null}, 37982: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat.nPull away the squids head, using scissors, slice it open and carefully remove the ink sac, guts, and cartilage. Pat both sides dry with kitchen paper towel or tea towel and set aside.nPound the chiles in a mortar and pestle.nMix 2 teaspoons salt and the pounded chiles together, then coat both sides of the squid evenly with the mixture.nPlace the squid on the grill or in a grilling basket and char grill the squid for 3 minutes on each side or until brown.nFor the salt and pepper lemon sauce: In a dipping bowl, add the lemon juice, sea salt, and pepper and mix well. Cut the squid into bitesized pieces and dip into the salt and pepper lemon sauce., ingredients: [1 whole squid about 21 ounces, 2 chiles, sliced, 2 teaspoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon fine white pepper], title: Char Grilled Phu Quoc Salt and Chile Squid: Muc Nuong Thang, picturelink: null}, 37983: {instructions: Place the milk, water, and salt into a large, heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Once the milk mixture comes to a boil, gradually add the hominy while continually whisking. Once all of the hominy has been incorporated, decrease the heat to low and cover. Remove lid and whisk frequently, every 3 to 4 minutes, to prevent grits from sticking or forming lumps make sure to get into corners of pot when whisking. Cook for 20 to 25 minutes or until mixture is creamy. Remove from the heat, add the pepper and butter, and whisk to combine. Once the butter is melted, gradually whisk in the cheese a little at a time until incorporated. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: To make it extra special, take either lobster, crab or chopped shrimp which has been precooked and stir in at the end when adding cheese. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 2 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups hominy grits or any grits you like, including instant grits, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces shredded sharp Cheddar], title: Grits with Cheese, picturelink: null}, 37984: {instructions: For the pears: Use a vegetable peeler to peel pears. Cut in half and use a melon baller to remove core. Place in 4 to 5quart slow cooker.nAdd orange juice and mulling spices.nStir together wine and brown sugar. Pour over pears. If wine does not cover pears completely, add enough water or orange juice to cover.nCover slow cooker and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours, or until pears are forktender.nFor the Chantilly ice cream: Place ice cream in blender with grenadine. Blend to combine. If ice cream has not softened enough to blend, add 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream., ingredients: [4 slightly underripe pears, 1 cup orange juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons mulling spices recommended: Morton and Bassett, 1 750ml bottle Chianti recommended: Classico, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened in the refrigerator for 1 hour, 1 tablespoon grenadine, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, if needed], title: Chantilly Ice Cream with Moulin Rouge Poached Pears, picturelink: kIhyqc6zHr9pwpyKCIanHhxcGuRUt1K}, 37985: {instructions: For the brisket: In a large pot, combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns, juniper berries, allspice, cloves, mustard seeds, bay leaves and cinnamon stick and cover with 2 gallons water. Bring the mixture to a boil, remove from the heat and chill to 40 degrees F.nFill a marinade injector with some of the brine and inject the brisket with as much brine as it will hold. Submerge the brisket in the remaining brine and store in a baking dish, covered, in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace the brisket into a large roasting pan and cover it with as much of the brining liquid as the pan will hold. Cover the pan with foil and place in the oven until tender and mediumrare, about 2 hours. An instantread thermometer should register 130 degrees F. Remove the brisket from the oven, place on a platter andor cutting board and tent with foil. Let the brisket rest for 1 hour. Slice as thinly as possible.nTo serve: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter the rye bread and place on a baking sheet. Top with 6 ounces thinly sliced brisket, some Beer Braised Sauerkraut and a slice of Swiss cheese. Bake the Reubens until the cheese is melted and warmed through, about 5 minutes. Top with Smoked Russian Dressing.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat, add the bacon and render the fat, cooking until bacon is crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan and set aside. Add the onions and saute in the bacon fat until translucent. Add the sauerkraut, sugar, beer and bay leaf and simmer until almost all of the liquid is gone, about 15 minutes. Add the bacon back to the pan to warm through and adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper and brown sugar.nMix all of the ingredients together in a bowl and chill in the refrigerator., ingredients: [4 cups kosher salt, 2 cups brown sugar, 13 cup black peppercorns, 14 cup juniper berries, 8 allspice berries, 8 whole cloves, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 2 bay leaves, 1 cinnamon stick, broken, One 5 to 8pound beef brisket, trimmed from butcher, Butter, softened, Rye bread, Beer Braised Sauerkraut, recipe follows, Swiss cheese, sliced, Smoked Russian Dressing, recipe follows, 8 ounces applewood smoked bacon, diced, 12 Spanish onion, diced, 1 pound sauerkraut bagged or jarred, drained, 14 cup brown sugar, plus more if needed, One 12ounce bottle IPA beer, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup ketchup, 14 cup sweet pickle relish, drained, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 small tin anchovies, mashed, 3 drops liquid hickory smoke], title: Rubins Reuben, picturelink: RZdjKffYjIPYgSepc.kLN7br0svOLkK}, 37986: {instructions: Place 1 egg roll wrapper on a work surface. Point the egg roll corner towards you, then place 1ounce of chopped brisket on top of the egg roll sheet. Brush the top 23rds of the wrapper with water, fold up bottom corner over beef and then fold in side corners and continue rolling until the egg roll is formed. Repeat process with all remaining wrappers..nFry egg rolls in 350 degree F vegetable oil until crispy golden brown. Cut on bias. Place on plate, drizzle with BBQ Sauces., ingredients: [10 egg roll wrappers, 10 ounces smoked beef brisket, finely chopped, Water, to moisten egg roll wrapper, Favorite tomato based BBQ sauce, Favorite mustard BBQ sauce, Favorite vinegar based BBQ sauce], title: Crispy Beef Egg Rolls, picturelink: null}, 37987: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nWith a sharp knife, remove and discard the hard rib from the center of each leaf, leaving the leaves as intact as possible. Place them on the sheet pans, drizzle or brush them with olive oil, and toss to coat lightly. Sprinkle generously with salt and bake for 10 minutes, until crispy. Sprinkle lightly with Parmesan cheese and bake for another 5 minutes. Cool and serve., ingredients: [1 large bunch flatleaf kale, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Parmesan Kale Chips, picturelink: hSLImr5.xTiSWkquk1S14k.5Dh4hG0O}, 37988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up grill for indirect cooking over medium heat. No heat source under cookies. Spray 9 by 13inch foil pan with cooking spray and set aside.nFor lemon layer:nIn a large mixing bowl, beat with an electric mixer on low speed the cake mix, butter, and egg until well combined and smooth. Press cake mixture evenly into prepared pan set aside.nFor top layer:nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, and lemon or lime gelatin on medium speed until creamy. Add eggs and beat until smooth.nSpread cream cheese mixture over cake layer. Place foil pan in a second foil pan for stability and insulation. Place on hot grill away from heat. Cover and bake 40 to 50 minutes. Rotate pan halfway through baking. Remove from grill and cool completely before cutting into squares.nIndoor:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray 9 by 13inch baking pan lightly with cooking spray set aside. Prepare cake layers as directed above. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until cake barely start to pull away from sides. Cool completely before cutting into squares., ingredients: [One 18.25ounce box lemon cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 egg, 16 ounces cream cheese recommended: Philadelphia softened, 13 cup sugar, One 3ounce box lemon or lime gelatin recommended: JellO, 2 eggs], title: Lemon Cream Squares, picturelink: yi4jECaZwVfS0Y.wZ8186bMPP7dlOe}, 37989: {instructions: Score skinless side of fish with shallow diagonal cuts score again at a 90 degree angle to the first cuts. Cut fillet into 3 inch squares.nCombine marinade ingredients in a bowl and add fish turn to coat. Let stand for 10 minutes.nCombine sauce ingredients in a bowl set aside.nDip fish squares in egg, drain briefly, then coat with flour. Shake to remove excess.nHeat oil in a wok to 375 degrees F. Deepfry fish, turning once, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Keep warm.nPlace another wok over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon oil, swirling to coat sides. Add onion cook, stirring, until softened, about 10 seconds. Add pineapple and sauce and cook, stirring, until sauce thickens, about 1 minute.nTo serve, arrange fish on a serving plate. Pour sauce over fish and sprinkle with pine nuts., ingredients: [1 firm white fish fillet about 12 pound with skin intact, such as striped bass or mullet, about 1inch thick, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 13 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons chili garlic sauce, 12 teaspoon grated ginger, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Cooking oil, for deepfrying, 12 small onion, diced, 14 cup diced pineapple, 12 cup toasted pine nuts], title: Sweet and Sour Pinecone Fish, picturelink: null}, 37990: {instructions: Combine the brown sugar, chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, the oregano, cayenne, garlic powder and onion powder in a small bowl and rub the mixture on both sides of the ribs. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. In a roasting pan, combine the broth and vinegar. Add the ribs to the pan. Cover with foil and tightly seal. Bake 2 hours. Remove the ribs from the pan and place them on a platter. Pour the liquid from the pan into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Add the barbecue sauce.nPreheat an outdoor grill to medium high. Put the ribs on the grill and cook about 5 minutes on each side, until browned and slightly charred. Cut the ribs between the bones and toss them in a large bowl with the sauce. Serve hot.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 2 racks baby back ribs, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 cup barbecue sauce], title: Best Barbecue Ribs Ever, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 37991: {instructions: 1. In 10inch skillet, cook beef over mediumhigh heat 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally, until brown drain. Stir in taco seasoning mix and water. Cook over medium heat 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.n2. Heat taco shells and flour tortillas as directed on packages.n3. Spread 2 tablespoons heated refried beans on each flour tortilla. Place hard taco shell on center of flour tortilla and gently fold tortilla sides up to match taco shell sides.n4. Spoon 2 tablespoons beef mixture into each doublelayer taco shell. Top with salsa, lettuce and cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 lb ground beef, 1 package 1 oz Old El Pasou00ae taco seasoning mix, 34 cup water, 1 package 4.6 oz Old El Pasou00ae taco shells, 12 Old El Pasou00ae flour tortillas for soft tacos  fajitas 6 inch from two 8.2oz packages, 1 can 16 oz Old El Pasou00ae refried beans, heated, 34 cup Old El Pasou00ae salsa any variety, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese 4 oz], title: Double Layer Tacos, picturelink: null}, 37992: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToss the kale, fennel, leek, radishes, Parmesan and almonds together with the lemon vinaigrette and season well with the salt and pepper. Allow this to marinate for 15 to 20 minutes before serving.nWhen ready to serve, heat a large saute pan over high heat and add oil. Once heated, add 2 to 3 eggs to the pan and cook sunnyside up for about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on top of individually plated portions of slaw.nReserve any leftover dressing for serving. Any leftover salad will still be as good the next day.nPlace the shallot, preserved lemon rind, honey, lemon juice, vinegar, and salt and pepper in a blender. Pulse to blend. With the motor running, slowly add in the olive oils to emulsify. Taste for seasoning and adjust if needed., ingredients: [3 bunches Tuscan kale, rinsed and stems removed, cut into 14inchthick ribbons, 1 small fennel bulb, shaved into thin ribbons, 1 small leek, white part cut into 18inch thick circles, soaked in water for 2 to 3 minutes to remove any dirt, then drained, 4 red radishes, cut into thin circles, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 14 cup smoked almonds, 12 cup Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying eggs, 6 eggs, 12 shallot, chopped, 12 preserved lemon, pulp discarded, rind only, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup pure olive oil], title: Italian Kale Slaw with SunnySide Up Eggs, picturelink: BPj.8VernqpmNCu.2ZLEXFlvivVbbW}, 37993: {instructions: Special equipment: Mini muffin pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWonton cones: Put the wrappers in a muffin pan and bake in the oven until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes.nMarinara sauce: Put tomato puree, broth, carrot, celery, onion and garlic in a saucepan and cook over medium heat until reduced by 13. Add salt and red pepper flakes, to taste.nArugula pesto: Put all of the ingredients in a food processor and puree until completely combined.nCheese Mousse: Put the potato in a saucepan of cold salted water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook the potato until soft. Combine the cheeses in a mixing bowl. Dice the potato and add to the cheeses. Stir in the scallions and milk and mix until smooth. If necessary, add more milk to achieve a creamy texture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and set aside.nTo serve, spoon some spicy tomato sauce into the bottom of each wonton cone, top with cheese mousse and finish with arugula pesto. Arrange them on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [12 wonton wrappers, 1 16ounce can tomato puree, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 1 Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Red pepper flakes, 1 large bunch arugula, 1 large bunch basil leaves, 12 cup pine nuts, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 Yukon gold potato, peeled, 12 cup goat cheese, 12 cup ricotta, 12 cup feta, 12 cup grated pecorino or Parmesan cheese, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 cup milk, plus more if needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheese Mousse in a Cone with Spicy Tomato Sauce and Arugula Pesto, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 37994: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fettuccine and cook as the label directs. Drain, reserving about 12 cup cooking water.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 3 minutes. Whisk the cream, egg yolk and lemon zest in a bowl. Reduce the heat to low and add the cream mixture and cheese to the skillet. Cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and 2 to 3 teaspoons pepper.nAdd the pasta to the skillet and toss, adding enough of the reserved cooking water to loosen the sauce. Divide among bowls and garnish with more pecorino. Serve with crusty bread, if desired.nPhotograph by Antinos Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces fettuccine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, minced, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 1 large egg yolk, 1 to 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 13 cup grated pecorino cheese, plus more for garnish, Freshly ground pepper, Crusty bread, for serving optional], title: LemonPepper Fettuccine, picturelink: nf7ruUbCSo3j9IgosARKW9VRe4nZS}, 37995: {instructions: Mix the masa and water together into a smooth consistency for about 3 to 5 minutes. If working in large amounts cover bowl with a damp towel to keep from drying out.nTake a piece of the dough about the side of a cue ball, and roll into a firm ball. In a tortilla press or with a hard flat book or cutting board, line with 2 pieces of plastic. Place masa ball in the middle and apply pressure until ball pushes out to 4 to 5inch diameter. if edges of patty are cracked deeply the dough maybe too dry or if the patty does not remove from the plastic easily the dough maybe too moist.nHeat a cast iron pan to very hot. Place masa patty on pan without any oil, brown on both sides, approximately 1 minute on each side. Remove and let cool.nWhile still warm, remove the center of the dough, and form the edges up, making a hollow tart like shell.nHeat 1inch of canola oil to 350 degrees F. Add sope shells to oil and cook on both sides until crispy and golden brown. Hold warm for service., ingredients: [1 12 cups masa harina, 1 cup water], title: Sopes, picturelink: PTQYqU4AJLiFxKQWLQk.MK.FLh.K3Lu}, 37996: {instructions: Toss the chicken, buttermilk and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate, 1 hour.nHeat 1 inch of vegetable oil in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 360.nMix the flour, paprika, 14 teaspoon pepper and the garlic powder in a shallow bowl. Remove the dark meat from the buttermilk, shake off the excess and roll in the flour mixture. Shake off the excess flour, place in the hot oil and fry, turning occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through, about 15 minutes adjust the heat as needed. Drain on paper towels.nReheat the oil to 360 degrees F. Repeat with the chicken breasts and wings, frying for about 15 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 2 cups buttermilk, Salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup selfrising flour, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Buttermilk Fried Chicken, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 37997: {instructions: In a large saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Add the quinoa, cover, and simmer 15 minutes, or until cooked through.nIn a large saute pan, warm 1 tablespoon of olive oil until shimmering. Add the onions, garlic, curry powder, and cinnamon. Stir and cook until the onions are soft and start to brown. Stir in the raisins. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for 1 more minute. Turn off the heat. Add the cooked quinoa to the onions. Add the cereal, crushing lightly in your hands. Stir well.nTo make the salad dressing: Whisk together the lemon juice and brown sugar. Whisk in the olive oil. Season the dressing with salt, and pepper, to taste. Toss the romaine leaves with the dressing to coat evenly.nServe with the pilaf warm with the salad on the side., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup quinoa, washed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup raisins, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup KELLOGGSu00ae ALLBRANu00ae Original cereal, 2 cups chopped romaine lettuce leaves, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: QuinoaAll Bran Pilaf with Raisins and Simple Green Salad, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 37998: {instructions: Place a sheet of parchment paper on a sheet pan then place a piece of rice paper down and 4 4inch flan rings on that.nIn a large bowl, combine the toasted nuts with the cinnamon, ginger, cloves, nutmeg, pepper, flour, and cocoa powder. Add the cut up fruit and toss.nIn a small saucepan, combine the honey and sugar and bring it to a boil without stirring, brushing down the walls of the pan occasionally to avoid sugar crystals from forming. Cook to softball stage 240 degrees then pour over the fruit mixture. Stir quickly to combine. It will be sticky and thick.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nDip your hands into water and grab a handful about 14 of the mixture. Pack it into the rings and bake for 1 hour until slightly puffed up on top and the surface is no longer shiny. Remove from the oven and cool in the ring. Trim the rice paper to the edge of the mold and wrap in plastic to store at room temperature.nTo serve, cut wedges and place them on plates. Heat up a flat top griddle or large frying pan and cook the slices of cheese on one side until lightly browned then flip them over to brown the other side. The center will get gooey. Place next to the pan forte, drizzle with olive oil, and serve with some good crusty Italian bread., ingredients: [Rice paper, 2 34 cups whole almonds, skin on and toasted, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 pounds assorted dried fruit: raisins, figs, cherries, plums, apricots, and currants, cut up into 12inch pieces, 23 cup honey, 1 cup sugar, 4 slices pecorino, 14inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, as an accompaniment], title: Pan Forte with Warm Pecorino, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 37999: {instructions: Peel the papaya I use a standard vegetable peeler, then slice papaya in half and scoop out black, slippery round seeds and some of the stringy flesh, but be careful not to scoop into good, firm flesh for the salad. Shred the papaya on a mandoline or a box grater. Set aside. Snip off the tips of the green beans. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat and add the beans. Cook until crisp tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and quickly add the beans to ice water. Cut the beans in half, about 2inches in length and add them to a large bowl. In a large mixing bowl whisk the lime juice, fish sauce, and sugar, until the sugar is dissolved. Mix in the shredded papaya, green beans and carrots until well coated I like to use tongs for this. Toss in the cilantro, mint, and dried shrimp. Then mix in the hot chiles, to taste. Let salad stand for 20 minutes or up to 2 hours, covered in the refrigerator.nBefore serving, mix in most of the crushed peanuts, reserving a few tablespoons for garnish. When serving, mound the salad in center of a plate and sprinkle the remaining peanuts on top. The dish can be served on its own, or with Thai Grilled Shrimp and Thai jasmine or sticky rice, or with steamed vermicellirice noodles.nPreheat grill to medium heat. In a large bowl whisk all the marinade ingredients together. Add the shrimp and let marinate for up to 1 hour. Grill the shrimp 4 to 6 minutes each side until they begin to curl, get pink in color and firm up. Do not over cook or they will get rubbery. Brush the shrimp with the marinade during grilling. Put the remaining marinade in a small saucepan and bring to boil over high heat. Cook the marinade for at least 2 minutes and serve it as a sauce on the side. Serve the shrimp with the papaya salad. Cooks Note: This marinadesauce is great with chicken thighs and pork tenderloin. If using chicken or pork then double the marinade recipe, marinate for 4 hours, and grill accordingly., ingredients: [1 large or 2 medium green papaya see Cooks Note, 12 pound green string beans, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 4 tablespoons Thai fish sauce, nam pla, 4 tablespoons palm sugar, available in most Mexican, Latin or Asian supermarkets, or substitute brown sugar, or white sugar, 2 large carrots peeled and shredded to the same stripsize as papaya, 14 cup loosely chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup loosely chopped mint, 4 tablespoons dried Thai shrimp, optional, 2 to 4 Thai chiles also called prik chiles, minced, 14 cup unsalted peanuts, toasted and lightly crushed, Jeffs Thai Grilled Shrimp, recipe follows, Jasmine sticky rice, or steamed vermicelli rice noodles, optional, as an accompaniment, 12 cup Thai sweet chili and garlic sauce recommended: Mae Ploy now available in most grocery stores, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 14 cup ponzu sauce, or substitute the juice of 1 lime, 1 12 teaspoons soy sauce, Splash Thai fish sauce, nam pla, 1 teaspoon sriracha sauce, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 4 or 5 sprigs mint, leaves removed and finely chopped, or substitute Thai basil, Handful cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 3 pounds large shrimp], title: Thai Green Papaya Salad Som Tum with Grilled Thai Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 38000: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the oil, chili powder, paprika, sage, mustard, ginger, and cayenne until a paste is formed.nAdd the chicken pieces and rub the spice paste all over, including under the skin. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat the broiler. Place a rack about 9 inches from the broiler element. Place the chicken on a foillined baking sheet or broiler pan. Season the chicken all over with salt and pepper and arrange skinside down. Broil for 10 minutes, turning the pan occasionally so the meat cooks evenly. Remove the pan from the oven and baste the meat all over with the sauce, turn the chicken pieces skin sideup and broil, basting and turning the pan occasionally, until cooked through and crispy and the sauce has browned lightly, about 10 minutes more. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and crushed pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 45 seconds. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more.nAdd the tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, and salt and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until deep red in color and reduced to about 4 cups, about 25 minutes. Season with pepper. Use now, or store, covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon chili powder, 34 teaspoon paprika, 34 teaspoon rubbed sage, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 3 12 pounds mixed chicken parts legs, thighs, and breast skinon, about 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup QUICK BARBEQUE SAUCE, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, corn or peanut, 12 medium Spanish onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes with puree, pureed, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: OvenStyle Barbequed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38001: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nFor the lamb: Cut the meat with the grain into 12thick slices. Season each piece on both sides with the salt and pepper. Place the flour in a pie pan and mix in the garlic powder and cayenne pepper. Place the eggs in a separate pie pan and beat. Dredge the meat on both sides in the egg, and then the flour. Repeat with all the meat pieces. Reserve the remaining flour for the pan gravy. Place the meat on a plate and allow it to sit for 10 to 15 minutes before cooking.nPlace enough of the vegetable oil to cover the bottom of a 12inch skillet and set over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil begins to shimmer, add the meat in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the pan. Cook each piece on both sides until golden brown, approximately 4 minutes on each side. Remove the lamb to a wire rack set in a half sheet pan and place in the oven to stay warm while the other pieces are being prepared. Repeat until all the meat is browned.nFor the gravy: Add the vegetable oil to the pan. Add the white wine to deglaze the pan and reduce by half. Whisk in 2 tablespoons of the reserved flour. Then whisk in the Dijon mustard and the vegetable stock. Continue to whisk until the gravy comes to a boil and begins to thicken. Add the milk and thyme and whisk until the gravy coats the back of a wooden spoon, 5 to 10 minutes. Season to taste with more salt and pepper, if needed. Serve over the lamb steaks., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless leg of lamb or shoulder, trimmed of excess fat, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 whole egg, plus more if needed, for dredging, 14 cup vegetable oil, for cooking, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups vegetable stock, 12 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves 3 to 4 sprigs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Fried Lamb with White Wine Pan Gravy, picturelink: VSyHGNfXMVTdc70cpOsJHPZSFVls8SS}, 38002: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine stock with gingerroot, shallots, lemon grass, rice and salt to taste. Bring to a boil and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 20 to 30 minutes, or until soup is a porridgelike consistency. Remove and discard lemon grass. Add the pork and fish sauce and simmer 5 minutes more. Garnish with scallion, shallots and cilantro.nDrink: Tea, ingredients: [6 cups pork or chicken stock, 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot, 2 large shallots, minced and crushed, 1 stalk lemon grass, cut into 2inch pieces, 34 cup rice, 12 pound minced ground pork, 2 tablespoons Thai fish sauce, For garnish: firm bean curd, cut into cubes, sliced scallion, deepfried shallots and sprigs of fresh cilantro, to taste], title: Khao Tom Thai Rice Soup, picturelink: null}, 38003: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace steak in freezer for 30 to 45 minutes this makes it easier to slice the meat. Remove the meat from the freezer and slice very thinly.nHeat griddle or grill pan over high heat. Brush steak slices with oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 45 to 60 seconds per side.nPlace several slices of the meat on the bottom half of the roll, spoon some of the cheese sauce over the meat, and top with the mushrooms, onions, and peppers.nMelt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the warm milk, and cook, whisking constantly until thickened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and whisk in the provolone and Parmesan until combined season with the salt and pepper.nHeat oil and butter in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until the mushrooms are golden brown. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nHeat butter and oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook slowly until golden brown and caramelized, stirring occasionally, approximately 30 to 40 minutes.nHeat the oil in medium saute pan over high heat. Add the peppers and cook until soft. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pound strip loin, trimmed, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Soft hoagie rolls, split 34 open, Provolone Sauce, recipe follows, Sauteed Mushrooms, recipe follows, Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, Sauteed Peppers, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, heated, 1 cup grated aged provolone cheese, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds mushrooms cremini and shiitake, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoons canola oil, 3 large Spanish onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 poblano peppers, thinly sliced, 2 Cubano peppers, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Philly Cheese Steak, picturelink: xJIUa95pMiEAnvxoTLEbsueRqIXiay6}, 38004: {instructions: To make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour 16inch diameter and 1 8inch diameter metal bowls. Combine the cake mix, coconut water, oil, and eggs in another large clean bowl. Beat for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Pour 2 cups of batter into the smaller buttered and floured bowl pour remaining batter into the larger prepared bowl. Bake the smaller cake for 40 minutes and the larger cake for 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean. Cool the cakes in the bowls on a cooling rack for 30 minutes. Invert the cakes onto the cooling rack and cool completely.nTo decorate: Cut the larger cake in half, forming 2 halfmoon pieces. Spread 14 cup of frosting over the flat top of each piece. Place the pieces cut side down on a work surface, adhering the frosted sides together. Trim 1inch from 1 end of the cake discard the trimmings. Repeat with the smaller cake. Place the larger cake on a serving platter. Spread 2 tablespoons of frosting over the trimmed end of the smaller cake. Place the trimmed end of the smaller cake against the trimmed end of the larger cake. Spread the remaining frosting over the cakes to cover completely. Sprinkle with all but 12 cup of the coconut, pressing to adhere. Brush the melted milk chocolate over both sides of the chocolate chunk cookie halves to coat completely. Sprinkle with the reserved 12 cup of coconut set aside until dry. Press 2 semisweet chocolate morsels onto the bunny face for eyes. Using a toothpick, secure the gum drop onto the bunny face for the nose. Using toothpicks, secure the licorice pieces onto the bunny face for the whiskers. Using toothpicks, secure the minimarshmallows onto the bunny face for the teeth. Make 2inchdeep cuts atop the bunny head insert the chocolate cookie halves for ears. Roll large the marshmallows together and secure with a toothpick onto the bunny for a tail., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box classic yellow cake mix, 1 13 cups coconut water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 16ounce containers strawberry frosting, 1 14ounce bag sweetened flaked coconut, 12 cup milk chocolate morsels, melted, 1 large chocolate chunk cookie, cut in half, 2 semisweet chocolate morsels, 1 sugarcoated gum drop candy, 1 red licorice lace, cut into 6 equal pieces, 2 minimarshmallows, 3 large marshmallows], title: Easter Bunny Cake, picturelink: null}, 38005: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the ground chuck and season it with salt, pepper, and chili powder. Remove the meat and drain off all but 1 tablespoon of fat. Cook the onions and bell peppers in the remaining fat until they are soft. Return the meat to the pan and add the beans, brown sugar, barbecue sauce and jalapenos. When everything is combined and the sugar has melted, pour it into a large baking dish and bake for 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium bell pepper, chopped, 1 gallon ranchstyle beans, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 cup smoked barbecue sauce, 12 cup chopped canned jalapenos], title: Cowboy Beans, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 38006: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together soup mix and water in mediumsize bowl set aside.nCook pasta according to package directions.nMeanwhile, heat oil in large skillet. Add sweet pepper and mushrooms saute until partially tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in soup mixture. Increase heat to mediumhigh cook, uncovered, until slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Stir in 14 cup Parmesan, the parsley and the heavy cream cook another 1 minute or until heated through.nDrain the pasta well transfer the pasta to a large serving bowl. Add mushroom sauce and the remaining 14 cup Parmesan toss to mix well. Serve the pasta immediately., ingredients: [1 envelope 0.9 ounce garlicmushroom recipe soup mix, 2 cups water, 1 box 1 pound penne pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small sweet red pepper, sliced, 1 12 pounds assorted presliced mushrooms, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup chopped flatleaf Italian parsley, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Pasta with Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: 5g4wqLYNNxfxdd2z0TAUvP7wmJ7.pKW}, 38007: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the parsnips and salt and enough water to just cover them. Bring to a boil and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes or until tender and twothirds of the water has evaporated. Using a food mill fitted with the fine blade or a food processor, puree the mixture and return it to the saucepan. Beat in the butter, and season with salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste. Set the pan over another containing simmering water, cover and let cook for 20 to 30 minutes more. The parsnip puree improves in flavor with this additional cooking., ingredients: [2 pounds parsnips, peeled and sliced about 13inch thick, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter cut into bits, Salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste], title: Our Version of Julia Childs Parsnip Puree, picturelink: null}, 38008: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the eggs in a small pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let the eggs stand for 10 minutes. Submerge the eggs in cold water to shock them. Crack the eggs and soak in the cold water. When cool, peel and chop.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil to cook the macaroni. Arrange all but 6 slices of bacon on a slotted baking sheet and put into the hot oven. Bake for 15 minutes, or until bacon is crisp. When cool enough to handle, chop and reserve.nChop the remaining bacon and add to the boiling water along with the macaroni. Cook until the pasta is al dente. Drain, rinse, and discard the boiled bits of bacon from the pasta.nWhile the pasta cooks, add the grated onion, garlic, Dijon, and vinegar to a mixing bowl. Whisk in the extravirgin olive oil and season with lots of salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Add the pasta, chopped eggs, pimiento, parsley, and chopped crisp bacon pieces. Toss to combine and serve., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 1 pound macaroni, 1 pound good quality bacon, About 14 cup grated onion and its juice, 1 clove garlic, grated or pasted, 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard, About 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar or white wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 4ounce jar chopped pimientos, drained, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Bacon and Egg Macaroni Salad, picturelink: pwXPASU43tWlDileaS54NzHCRzsGhrG}, 38009: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Butter a 1quart casserole dish or baking pan. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, berries and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer 2 minutes, then remove from the heat and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, use a pastry blender or two knives to cut the butter into the remaining 2 cups flour. Stir in just enough milk to make a soft dough that pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough out on a lightly floured board and pat it into a square. Use a rolling pin to roll it to 12 inch thick. Cut the dough into 2inchwide strips.nPour 1 cup of the blackberry mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Arrange half of the dough strips on top of the berries, placing them close together. Bake until brown, about 12 minutes, then remove from the oven and pour the remaining berry mixture over the baked strips. Arrange another layer of dough strips on top and bake until brown, about 15 minutes. Serve warm with ice cream.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick cold butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing, 34 cup sugar, 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups fresh blackberries, 12 to 23 cup milk, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Blackberry Cobbler, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 38010: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan melt the chocolate with the butter and the corn syrup over moderately low heat. Stirring, add the cream and the sugar, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat and boil it, without stirring, for 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla and the salt. Scoop ice cream into four serving dishes and pour hot fudge sauce over vanilla ice cream. The sauce keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 month. Let the sauce cool completely before covering it any condensation will make it grainy. Reheat the sauce, uncovered, in a double boiler., ingredients: [2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped finely, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 pint premium quality vanilla ice cream, Walnuts, toasted and chopped, for garnish], title: Hot Fudge Sauce Over Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 38011: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPrepare the chicken by removing the insides, washing it well, and placing it in a large baking pan or on a rotisserie. Lightly oil the chicken and roast until the juices run clear.nTo prepare the mojo: peel and segment the grapefruit and place in a bowl. Add the red onion, cilantro, lime juice, and tequila, and let the mixture marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nPeel and dice the potatoes, and cook in salted boiling water until tender. Drain the potatoes, add the heavy cream, minced garlic, salt, and pepper, and mash until smooth.nTo make the tostones, peel and slice each plantain approximately 2inches thick. In a deep skillet, heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Place the plantains in the oil and cook until both sides are slightly brown. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towel. Once they have cooled, using a rolling pin, mash them until they are 14inch thick. Return them to the hot oil and cook until golden brown. Season with salt while still hot.nTo serve, place the mashed potatoes in the center of the plate, add the chicken on top, a spoonful of the grapefruit mojo, and decorate with a few tostones chips., ingredients: [One 3pound freerange chicken, Vegetable oil, 2 grapefruits, 1 red onion, julienned, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 lime, juiced, 1 shot tequila, 4 baking potatoes, like russets, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 green plantains, 1 quart vegetable oil, Salt], title: Rotisserie Free Range Chicken with Tequila and GrapefruitCilantro Mojo, Tostones, and Garlic Whipped Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 38012: {instructions: Pound the turkey breasts flat using a meat mallet.nMix the cream cheese, lemon juice, onion powder, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper together in a medium bowl.nSpread the cream cheese mixture equally on the inside of each turkey breast, roll up, wrap them with bacon slices and tie with butchers twine.nPreheat a grill to 450 degrees F.nCook on indirect grill heat for 20 minutes. Cook on direct heat, turning frequently, until the internal temperature of the turkey registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 25 minutes.nRemove the turkey roulades from the grill to a cutting board and let cool for 10 minutes. Remove the twine, and slice into 1inch rounds. Secure with toothpicks, arrange them on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 small turkey breasts, 2 cups cream cheese, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound sliced bacon], title: Petersons Touchdown Turkey Roulade, picturelink: null}, 38013: {instructions: For the Parmesanthyme cream: In a heavybottomed saucepot over mediumlow heat, add the cream, bay leaf and garlic. Simmer until reduced by twothirds, about 20 minutes, being careful not boil the liquid or scorch the bottom of the pot. With a slotted spoon, remove the garlic and bay leaf. Whisk in the Parmesan. When the Parmesan has melted the sauce is smooth, add the thyme, salt and pepper. Cook for another 2 minutes. Serve warm. Make 1 quart.nFor the savory bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until beginning to soften, 4 minutes. Add the celery, garlic and thyme cook for another 3 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs, and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. In another mixing bowl place the cubed bread. Pour the milkegg mixture over the bread and mix. Let sit for 10 minutes, until the bread has soaked up liquid. Fold in onion mixture.nGrease an 8by10inch baking dish with the butter. Add the bread mixture and cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and cook until the top is toasted and golden brown, another 10 to 15 minutes.nTo serve, cut into 4by4inch portions and place on a plate. Add a sausage patty, 14 cup of the spinach and two poached eggs. Pour onequarter of the Parmesanthyme cream over the top., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup smalldiced onions, 1 cup smalldiced celery, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cups whole milk, 6 large eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 cups cubed dayold white bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 sausage patties, cooked, 1 cup spinach, 8 eggs, poached], title: Savory Bread Pudding with Sausage, Spinach, Poached Eggs, and ParmesanThyme Cream, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 38014: {instructions: For the polenta: Heat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the sage to the oil and cook until the sage is slightly crisped, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside. Meanwhile, put the broth and milk in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Slowly whisk in the polenta, reduce the heat to low, and cook, whisking occasionally, until the polenta is thick and creamy, about 15 minutes. Pull the saucepan from the heat and whisk in the pumpkin, sage with the oil, cheese, salt, and pepper. Hold in a warm place.nFor the pork chops: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Dry the pork chops well and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the oil to the pan and heat until shimmering. Lay the chops in the pan and cook until lightly browned on the first side, about 4 minutes. Turn the chops and cook until the second side is browned and the chops are cooked through, about 3 minutes more. Transfer the chops to a platter.nPour off the excess oil from the pan. Add the vinegar, and return the pan to the heat and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any brown bits that cling to the pan. Stir in the mustard, maple syrup, and chicken broth, along with any juices from the pork chops. Cook over high heat until the mixture is syrupy, about 5 minutes. Season to taste.nServe the pork chops with the pumpkin polenta and drizzle with the sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups 1 percent milk, 23 cup quickcooking polenta, 1 12 cups canned pure pumpkin, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and pepper, 4 5ounce boneless centercut pork loin chops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup chicken broth, lowsodium canned], title: MapleGlazed Pork Chops with Pumpkin Polenta, picturelink: null}, 38015: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo or collapsible steamernWhisk the soy sauce, lemon zest and juice, and the sesame oil together in a small bowl. Add the scallion whites to the sauce.nMix the scallion greens with the ginger in another small bowl.nLay the sole fillets on the work surface, skinside up look for the side with the herring bone pattern. Cut the fillets lengthwise along the natural seam that runs down the center of each piece. Lightly season the skinside of the fish with salt and pepper. Then scatter the scallions and ginger on top. Starting from the narrow tail end, roll up each piece of fish into a tight spiral with the scallion on the inside. Secure with a toothpick if desired.nPour an inch or more of water in a wok or skillet and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Lay the Napa leaves in a bamboo or collapsible steamer. Stand the fish rolls on the Napa, and scatter the shiitake mushrooms and sliced carrot around. Set the steamer over the water, cover, and cook the fish until it is barely cooked through, about 6 minutes. Turn off the heat and leave the fish covered to finish cooking in the residual heat of the steamer, about 5 minutes more.nDivide the Napa, sole, shiitakes, and carrots among 4 plates and drizzle with the sauce. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Juice from 12 a lemon, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 4 bunches scallions, whites and greens separated, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 4 6ounce sole or other flat fish fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large Napa cabbage leaves, 1 medium carrot, thinly sliced on the bias, 8 shiitake mushroom, stems trimmed and discarded], title: Steamed Ginger Sole with Lemon Soy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38016: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the sugar and water to a simmer, over low heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved.nStir the espresso powder into the hot syrup until dissolved. Whisk in the vanilla and condensed milk and chill before using.nTo serve, mound 2 cups of fresh clean snow or finely ground ice in each serving bowl. Drizzle with 14 cup coffee syrup and serve immediately.nCooks Note: Coffee syrup will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 8 cups fresh clean snow or finely ground ice], title: Coffee Snow Creams, picturelink: null}, 38017: {instructions: Fill a large Dutch oven or fryer with oil and preheat to 350 degrees F.nSift dry ingredients into a large mixing bowl and make a well in the center. Crack the egg yolk into a separate bowl and break it up with a fork. Add this to the well in the middle of the flour and slowly pour in the beer as you whisk. Gradually make wider circles with the whisk to incorporate the dry ingredients from the edges  this will minimize the chance of lumps. Continue until all the dry ingredients are mixed and the batter is of a smooth consistency.nTake the onion rings and remove the thin membrane found between the layers otherwise the batter wont stick as well. In a large dish add some rice flour, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat each ring in the flour. Dip in the batter and fry in hot oil in batches until golden. Drain on paper towels and season with salt., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 2 large sweet onions, cut into 12inch thick rings, thin skins removed, 1 12 cups rice flour, plus more, for dredging, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup beer use enough until you get pancake batter consistency, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tempura Battered Onion Rings, picturelink: mmZm1mZo9FcCnKGyWYRvao8ztxHp.PK}, 38018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: V slicer or mandolinenIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot over medium heat, heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nCombine all the ingredients for the seasoning mixture in a small bowl and set aside.nSlice the beet, sweet potato and yucca with a vslicer or mandoline into 18inch slices.nFry each root vegetable separately and in batches. Fry the sweet potato for 2 to 3 minutes and the yucca for 2 minutes. Pat the beets dry and fry for 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray and lightly sprinkle the chips with the seasoning. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon maple sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large beet, washed and scrubbed well, 1 large sweet potato, washed and scrubbed well, 1 medium yucca root, washed and peeled], title: TriChips, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 38019: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the Gorgonzola in a food processor until smooth and creamy, scraping down the sides of the work bowl occasionally. Using 1 rounded teaspoon of cheese for each, form the cheese into 18 1inch balls. Working in batches, coat the balls with the egg then with the bread crumbs. Repeat coating the balls in the egg and bread crumbs. Arrange the balls on a small baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours or overnight.nWhisk the lemon juice, garlic, and lemon peel in a medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in 13 cup oil. Season the dressing, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set the dressing aside.nAdd enough oil to a heavy small saucepan to come 2 inches up the sides of the pan. Heat the oil over medium heat. At this point, remove the refrigerated Gorgonzola balls from the refrigerator. Working in batches, add the cold balls to the hot oil and fry just until golden brown, about 20 seconds. It is essential that the Gorgonzola balls be cold when they go into the oil, otherwise they will fall apart in the oil. If they start to warm up at any point, return them to the refrigerator to firm back up. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the fried balls to paper towels to drain.nToss the arugula in a large bowl with enough dressing to coat. Season the salad, to taste, with salt and pepper. Mound the salad on plates. Top the salads with the hot fried Gorgonzola balls and serve immediately., ingredients: [7 ounces Gorgonzola, 1 large egg, beaten to blend, 34 cup dried Italian bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 13 cup olive oil, plus more for deepfrying, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cups coarsely torn arugula about 10 ounces], title: Arugula Salad with Fried Gorgonzola, picturelink: 87fg4zBkblziovdlh7RD1sYbU1Greu}, 38020: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or large nonstick skillet over medium high heat.nBrush endive on both sides with oil, season with salt and pepper then grill until dark around edges and endives are tender about 3 minutes on each side. Arrange grilled endives on platter. Sprinkle the endive with white wine vinegar. Keep a finger over the top of bottle to control the flow if the bottle does not have a jigger top. Arrange walnut bits and grapes around the platter and serve., ingredients: [4 endives, trimmed and halved lengthwise, each half then split and fanned a bit, Walnut, grape seed, or extravirgin olive oil, for brushing greens, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 ounces chopped walnuts, available in small pouches on baking aisle, 12 large seedless red grapes, halved], title: Warm Endive Salad, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 38021: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy, medium saucepan, combine the milk, rice, sugar, vanilla seeds, vanilla pod, and salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring frequently. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the rice is tender, about 35 minutes. In a medium bowl, mix together the lemon juice, amaretto, and lemon zest. Slowly stir the lemon mixture into the rice mixture and cook for 10 minutes longer. Remove the vanilla pod and discard. Stir in the whipping cream mixture will still be runny but will thicken as it cools. Spoon the rice pudding into bowls. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.nSprinkle the chilled rice pudding with sliced almonds and serve., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 12 cup Arborio rice or mediumgrain white rice, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds removed, pod reserved, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, from about 3 large lemons, 14 cup amaretto liqueur, 3 large lemons, zested, 12 cup whipping cream, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted see Cooks Note], title: Lemon and Almond Rice Pudding, picturelink: gSCNCpgkXwho5KCpT4k2S4DDFN6D1a}, 38022: {instructions: Depending on what kind of flatfish youre using, either remove the top dark skin by pulling it off or cutting it off with a sharp knife or  if the skin is relatively thin leave it attached or scale it. Scrape the bottom white side to remove any scales and remove the sharp fins with scissors. Or ask your fishmonger to do all of this. Rinse the fish in cold water.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a 4quart pot, bring the wine to a simmer with the shallots. Add the mussels or clams, cover, and steam until they open  about 7 minutes for mussels, 12 minutes for clams. Take the mussels or clams out of their shells, discard the shells, and reserve the meats. If the shellfishsteaming liquid is sandy, pour it slowly and carefully into a bowl, leaving the sand behind. Arrange the flatfish dark skin side up in a buttered or oiled dish that closely fits it and pour on the shellfish cooking liquid. There should be enough liquid to come halfway up the sides of the fish. If there isnt, add some water or fish broth. Place the containers with the fish on the stove over medium heat until the liquid comes to a simmer. Loosely cover with aluminum foil and slide the fish into the oven . Braise for 5 to 12 minutes per inch of thickness. Carefully transfer the fish to individual platters or plates using a large spatula. Keep the fish warm while youre preparing the sauce. Strain the cooking liquid into a 2 quart saucepan and cook it down over high heat until 12 cup remains. Thicken the sauce by whisking in any optional thickeners and bringing it to a quick simmer. Once the sauce is thickened, add the lemon juice and parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Gently reheat the mussels or clams in the sauce  dont let it boil  and spoon the sauce and the mussels or clams over each fish., ingredients: [4 1  pound flat fish such as sole, flounder, sand dab, or fluke, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 shallots or 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 pound mussels, preferably small cultivated, scrubbed and beards removed, or 24 littleneck or Manila clams, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter or olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon beurre manie 112teaspoons butter worked to a paste with 112 teaspoons flour, 12 cup heavy cream or, 14 cup garlic, potato, asparagus, or sorrel puree], title: Fish Fillet with Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38023: {instructions: For marinade: In a blender or small food processor grind onion with garlic, gingerroot, lemon juice, and water to form a paste. In a bowl stir together onion paste and remaining marinade ingredients.nWith a sharp paring knife make three 12inch deep diagonal cuts in each chicken breast half, being careful not to cut all the way through. Rub chicken with marinade, rubbing it into cuts. In a large resealable plastic bag marinate chicken, chilled, overnight.nPreheat grill. Grill chicken on an oiled rack 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until cooked through, about 7 minutes on a side, and transfer to a platter. Let chicken stand while preparing salad.nIn a large bowl whisk together vinegar and salt and pepper to taste and add oil in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Add mesclun and toss lightly.nSlice chicken 14inch thick and serve over salad., ingredients: [1 small onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, A 1inch piece gingerroot, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 18 teaspoon each ground mace, cloves, cinnamon, and nutmeg, 3 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 2 14 pounds, halved, 1 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 10 cups packed mesclun mixed baby greens, about 12 pound], title: Grilled TandooriSpiced Chicken Breasts Over Mesclun Salad, picturelink: null}, 38024: {instructions: Soak the dal in enough water to cover for at least 2 hours. Drain and set aside. In a food processor, mince the garlic, ginger, and chili. Add the drained dal and mince again, adding 14 cup of water to achieve a fairly smooth paste. Take care not to add too much waterit will make the dumplings difficult to shape.nTransfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add the onions, dill, curry leaves, salt, and pepper. Mix well. Warm oil for deepfrying in a wok or deep fryer set over mediumhigh heat. With your fingers, make rounded walnutsize balls of the dal mixture and drop them gently into the hot oil, spooning some over the dumplings to seal them. When the underside has browned lightly, gently turn them to cook on the other side. Cook for a few minutes until lightly golden all over. Drain on paper towels and serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup chana dal yellow split peas, washed, 1 garlic clove, 14inch piece of garlic, 1 hot green chili, stemmed, 14 cup water, 12 cup finely chopped onions, 2 to 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill or coriander, 10 to 15 fresh curry leaves optional, Salt to taste, 14 to 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Vegetable oil for deepfrying], title: Chana Dal Vadai DeepFried Dumplings Made with Yellow Split Peas and Fresh Dill, picturelink: null}, 38025: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLay 1 tortilla on a clean work surface. Spread the beans evenly over the tortilla. Spoon 34 cup of salsa over the beans, then sprinkle with the cheese. Top with the second tortilla. Place the quesadilla on a foilcovered cookie sheet.nBake for approximately 15 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and the top is crisp and brown. Meanwhile, swirl the guacamole and sour cream together in a small bowl. Cut the quesadilla into 4 equal portions and transfer to a plate. Serve with the guacamole mixture and remaining 14 cup of salsa., ingredients: [2 burritosize flour tortillas, 1 14 12ounce can refried lowfat black beans, 1 cup chunky salsa, 1 12 cups Mexicanstyle shredded cheese, 12 cup prepared guacamole from the refrigerated section, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Black Bean Quesadilla, picturelink: VRMcTwMtekF5GnMANmYk9.4l8j16wIW}, 38026: {instructions: In a hot pan melt 4 ounces of butter, add ground chuck, chopped onion, salt, and pepper. Add tomatoes and tomato sauce, bay leaf, and cinnamon and cook over medium flame for about 35 minutes.nCook macaroni in boiling water, strain and put back in pot to keep warm.nPlace a 14 of the grated cheese in a 11 by 14inch pan, and then a layer with 13 of the pasta. Continue until both ingredients are used up. Spread on the meat sauce.nMix the final layer, the Pastitsio Crema by mixing 4 ounces of melted, cooled butter and 34 cup of flour. Heat 3 12 cups of milk and pour a little over flour and butter mixture then pour the rest of the mixture into the milk. Add 5 beaten eggs and stir thoroughly over medium flame until mixture thickens. Pour the crema on top of the meat sauce and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour or until brown. Cool for 1 hour before cutting., ingredients: [12 pound butter, plus 4 ounces melted, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 1 onion, chopped fine, Salt and pepper, 1 12ounces can tomatoes, 1 12 ounce can tomato sauce, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 pound ziti rigate or penne, 3 cups grated pecorino Romano, 34 cup flour, 3 12 cups whole milk, 5 eggs], title: Pastitsio, picturelink: null}, 38027: {instructions: Toast 1 cup bulgur in olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring, 5 minutes. Add 1 12 cups water and 12 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low cover and simmer until the water is absorbed, 12 minutes. Stir in 14 cup chopped mixed parsley, mint andor scallions, 2 tablespoons each olive oil, toasted pine nuts and chopped raisins, and the juice of 12 lemon. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Bulgur with Raisins and Pine Nuts, picturelink: pCQHVriLDKjYsDw4bNUN.eRX1F3pOK}, 38028: {instructions: Peel and dice the mango or papaya, and put in a medium bowl. Trim the strawberries stems and half or quarter, if large. Add to the bowl of fruit. Peel and dice the kiwi, add to bowl. Peel and slice the bananas, add to bowl.nCut the top and bottom off the oranges just deep enough to expose the inner fruit. Following the curve of the fruit cut the skin and pith off the orange in panels. Holding the orange over the bowl cut between the membranes to free the citrus segments. Let them fall into the bowl as they are cut free. By hand, squeeze all the juice from the remaining membrane over the fruit, then discard. Repeat with the other orange.nLightly stir the honey and Grand Marnier, if using, into the fruit. Strip the mint leaves off the stem, tear, or chop into smaller pieces, and stir into the fruit salad. Add the berries and set aside for 10 minutes or up to 2 hours.nServe., ingredients: [1 papaya or mango, 1 cup strawberries, 2 kiwis, 1 banana, 2 navel oranges, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier, optional, 3 to 5 sprigs fresh mint, 1 cup raspberries or blueberries], title: Fresh Fruit and Mint Salad, picturelink: null}, 38029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chimichurri vinaigrette: Mix the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, red pepper flakes, cilantro, hoja sante if using, oregano and salt and pepper to taste. Add the parsley just before serving. Makes about 34 cup.nFor the steaks: Using tongs, roast the chiles over a stove top flame, rotating so the chiles blacken evenly on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes. Alternatively, place on a pan under the broiler and broil a few minutes each side until blackened. Place the chiles in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let stand for 10 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel the charred skin. Stem and seed the chiles and slice into thin strips. Set aside.nIn the olive oil, slowly cook the garlic in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the cloves are fragrant and have softened, about 10 minutes. When cool, cut into thin slices, or you can also leave whole.nLay the steaks flat on a work surface. Make 3 incisions in each steak parallel to the work surface to create pockets. Stuff each with roasted chiles and garlic. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.nGrill the steaks over mediumhigh heat to the desired doneness, about 5 minutes on each side. Serve with the chimichurri vinaigrette., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 18 cup hoja sante leaves, chopped, optional, 18 cup fresh oregano leaves, chopped, Sea salt and fresh ground pepper, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 8 jalapeno chiles, 20 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Four 12ounce steaks, about 1inch thick, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Gaucho Steaks with Chimichurri Vinaigrette, picturelink: 3H5rKMRN9BTJ73I3FSbE8dHsJp4sG2}, 38030: {instructions: Bring 1 cup water and the tea to a boil in a small pan. Add the sugar and stir until dissolved. Cool, then strain into a container with a lid.nCombine the bourbon, allspice liqueur and 1 tablespoon of the tea syrup in an 8ounce mug. Save the remaining syrup to drizzle over fruit or cake.nFill the mug with hot water. Stir and garnish with the lemon., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons loose Lapsang Souchong tea leaves, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 ounces bourbon, 12 ounce allspice liqueur or spiced rum, Lemon slice, for garnish], title: The Smoking Jacket, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 38031: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason meat with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet with oven safe handle over high heat. If you have a rubber handled pan, wrap the handle twice with tin foil for baking.nSear meat in the very hot nonstick skillet to caramelize the beef, 3 minutes on each side. Transfer to oven and cook 8 to 15 minutes longer for medium rare to well done meat.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat melt 2 tablespoons butter. Combine melted butter with flour and cook a minute longer. Whisk in milk. Thicken milk to gravy consistency, then stir in horseradish, chives and salt and pepper. Transfer sauce to a serving dish.nRemove meat from oven and transfer to a platter. Return pan to stovetop over moderate heat and deglaze pan with 12 cup Madeira or dry sherry. Add remaining tablespoon butter to the pan and pour the drippings over steaks., ingredients: [6 2inch beef tenderloin steaks, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, 3 rounded tablespoonfuls prepared horseradish, 14 cup, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 8 blades, 12 cup Madeira or other dry sherry, optional], title: Filet of Beef Steaks with Horseradish Sauce, picturelink: DDaw8M5R6l5QBT1xSY2gKTUoEcLYbsC}, 38032: {instructions: Preheat 2 baking sheets in a 425 degrees F oven. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil and salt. Spread on the hot baking sheets, sprinkle with sesame seeds and bake 10 minutes., ingredients: [], title: Sesame Potato Chips, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 38033: {instructions: For the turkey: In a small mixing bowl, mix together the softened butter and fresh herbs. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nSpread the chopped onions over the bottom of a slow cooker. Pour the chicken stock and Worcestershire sauce into the slow cooker. Sprinkle the turkey with salt and pepper. Slather the turkey breast with herb butter, spreading half under the turkey skin. Place the turkey on top of the onions, breast side up. Cover and cook on high for 4 to 6 hours, checking it after 4 hours to see if the internal temperature has reached 170 degree F. Once the turkey reaches 170 degrees F, remove it from the slow cooker, transfer to a cutting board, tent with aluminum foil and allow to rest 10 minutes before slicing. Reserve any juices from the slow cooker. After the breast has rested, remove the skin and slice very thinly using a sharp knife.nFor the sandwich: Preheat the broiler. Brush each side of the sliced bread with the softened butter and place on a baking sheet, buttered side up. Top each buttered baguette with sliced cheese. Place under the broiler until the cheese melts and begins to turn golden brown.nCarefully remove from the oven. Pile the sliced turkey on the bottom half of each sandwich before topping it with the cheesy top. Serve the turkey au jus left over in the slow cooker for dipping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 3pound bonein turkey breast, 6 demi French baguettes, sliced in half, 12 slices Gruyere cheese], title: Turkey Roast Dip with Melted Gruyere, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 38034: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper. Arrange 8 slices of bacon on each tray and bake until brown and crispy, about 12 to 15 minutes.nFill a large deepsided skillet 34 of the way up with water. Bring to a light simmer over low heat and add the vinegar.nUsing a 3 12inch biscuit cutter, cut out rounds from the center of each piece of toast. Reserve the crust for the Round 2 recipe Savory Bread Pudding with Ham.nCrack the eggs, 1 at a time, into a small dish or ramekin and slide each into the lightly simmering water. Fan the egg white over the yolk with a slotted spoon if it begins to spread. Poach the eggs until the white is set but yolk is still runny in the middle, about 2 to 3 minutes, Remove the eggs to a towel lined plate to drain.nIn a blender, combine the egg yolks, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne and a pinch of salt. Blend to combine, then turn the blender on and slowly pour the melted butter through the hole in the blender lid.nPut 2 slices of toast on each plate. Break the bacon strips in half and place 4 halves on each toast round, then top with a poached egg. Slowly pour the hollandaise over the top. Sprinkle each with chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [16 slices bacon, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 8 slices wholewheat bread, toasted, 8 eggs, 3 egg yolks, whites reserved for Ham and Cheese Souffle recipe, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce, Salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 cup butter, melted, should be hot to the touch, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Eggs Benedict, picturelink: null}, 38035: {instructions: Cut up a lime into 8 wedges. Muddle the wedges in a rocks glass with sugar. Add gin and top with ice. Stir and serve., ingredients: [1 lime, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 2 ounces gin, Crushed ice], title: Caipirissima, picturelink: null}, 38036: {instructions: Toppings: Ham salad, chopped parsley and minced pickles on cheesy skinsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Country Ham Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 38037: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together mustard, salt, pepper, and red wine vinegar. Add olive oil in a stream to vinegar mixture and whisk until mixture emulsifies. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt  pepper., ingredients: [23 teaspoons Dijon mustard, salt  pepper, to taste, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Basic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 38038: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Brush a baking sheet with almond oil. Place the almonds on a separate baking sheet and toast them until light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a medium, heavybottomed saucepan, combine sugar and 12 cup water and cook over mediumhigh heat until it registers 238 degrees F on a candy thermometer, 15 to 20 minutes. Do not stir, but brush the sugar crystals from the sides of the pot with a wet pastry brush as necessary. Once the sugar begins to brown, watch carefully and remove from heat as soon as it reaches the desired color.nOnce the sugar is removed from the heat, immediately add the almonds and stir quickly to thoroughly combine. Turn out onto the prepared baking sheet, spreading quickly to an even thickness. Allow the brittle to cool completely, then break into pieces., ingredients: [2 tablespoons almond oil, 4 cups blanched and sliced almonds, 3 cups sugar, 12 cup water], title: Almond Brittle, picturelink: null}, 38039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish with 2 tablespoons butter. Set asidenIn a heavy medium pot add the yams and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. The color of the yams will turn brighter.nMeanwhile, put the crackers, almonds, cinnamon, and salt in a food processor and pulse a few times to combine until coarse but not fully ground. Add 6 tablespoons butter and pulse until the mixture forms lumps slightly larger than peas. Refrigerate the streusel topping until ready to use.nSpread half of the bananas and yams in 1 layer in the bottom of the prepared dish. Sprinkle with half of the streusel and half of the marshmallows. Repeat to make 1 more layer. Bake until the marshmallows are golden, about 25 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, for greasing the baking dish, 1 12 pounds yams, peeled and cut lengthwise into 1inch thick slices, 5 ounces about 32 sweetened round crackers recommended: Maria Crackers, or graham crackers, 34 cup whole almonds, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick chilled unsalted butter, diced, 4 large ripe but firm bananas, peeled and halved lengthwise, 1 10 12ounce bag mini marshmallows], title: BananaYam Casserole, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 38040: {instructions: Stir the coffee, milk, sugar and chocolate until well combined. Pour the mixture into a 8by8by2inch glass baking dish. Freeze the granita until firm, stirring every 45 minutes, about 4 hours. Cover the baking dish and keep frozen. Before serving, scrape the surface of the granita with a fork until crystals form. Using an ice cream scoop, scoop out the granita and serve.nCooks Note: This granita can be prepared 3 days ahead., ingredients: [1 12 cups hot freshlybrewed strong coffee, 12 cup milk, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup], title: Mocha Granita, picturelink: oMzeoYcvdqxnR4Dg7gdbhfjqdU.FAna}, 38041: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl stir together ricotta, spinach, egg, cumin, salt and set aside. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat add 3 tablespoons of oil and 3 tablespoons of butter and saute ground pork and cayenne pepper until meat is brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove meat from the pan to a bowl and add mushrooms to the pan. Cook until tender, another 5 minutes. Add meat back to the pan, stir in 12 cup of the Parmesan, season with salt and pepper, to taste, then transfer mixture to a bowl and set aside.nTo assemble, layer bottom of 12 by 9inch casserole dish with 13 of the salsa, then 6 noodles, overlapping to cover the entire bottom surface of the dish. Next add and evenly spread half the ricotta spinach mixture, half the pork mushroom mixture, and a layer of mozzarella. Layer another 13 of the salsa, 6 noodles, the remaining ricotta spinach mixture, and the remaining pork mushroom mixture. To finish add the last 6 noodles, top with the remaining salsa. Place the remaining mozzarella slices on top along with the remaining Parmesan. Finish with a drizzle of olive oil and pepper, to taste. Bake covered for 45 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F, uncover, and bake for 15 more minutes or until golden brown and bubbly.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and puree until almost smooth. Adjust seasoning, to taste., ingredients: [1 16ounce container ricotta cheese, 2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed to remove excess moisture 1 egg, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 3 tablespoons oil, plus extra for drizzling, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 pound ground pork, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound white button mushrooms, sliced, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 18 oven ready lasagna noodles, about 1 16ounce package, 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, 1 poblano pepper, stem removed, seeded and roughly chopped, 12 small red onion, roughly chopped, 1 jalapeno, stem removed, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 garlic cloves, 2 pounds plum tomatoes, cored, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Latin Lasagna, picturelink: WsuJu2cIqnTJ26evHGqQDkRHvzONqXq}, 38042: {instructions: Combine the shoyu, honey, pepper flakes, and sesame oil in a ziptop bag and shake it all together. Then add the chicken. Let the chicken marinate refrigerated overnight, or at least 1 hour.nAfter marinating take the chicken out of the bag and dry it off with paper towels.nBeat the egg, add the water and garlic powder, to taste. Dont be afraid of the garlic here, but dont go vampire hunting either.nHeat the oil in a frying pan over mediummediumhigh heat. Be sure to watch the oil, if it begins to smoke  turn it down a notch.nDredge the chicken in the rice flour, then egg, followed by the panko. Place the cutlet into the pan and fry for 5 to 8 minutes on each side. The panko should be crispy and golden brown. Place on a drying rack and finish frying the other pieces.nI like to serve this with sunomono and potatomac salad.nThis is easily a 30 minute meal., ingredients: [34 cup Aloha shoyu its the best, the only really, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch red pepper flakes only as much as you would feed your lone goldfish, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 package chicken breast cutlets 4 to 6 pieces, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water, Garlic powder make sure its powder NOT garlic salt, 12 cup peanut oil more if you use a large frying pan, 1 cup mochiko rice flour, 1 package panko Japanese bread crumbs, Serving suggestions: sunomono and potatomac salad], title: Wheres the Beach Chicken Katsu, picturelink: null}, 38043: {instructions: In a small skillet, toast the fennel and coriander seeds for a couple of minutes until theyre fragrant and slightly darker, about 2 minutes. Dont walk away from the pan Theyll burn Remove from the pan and throw into a coffeespice grinder. Grind to a fine powder.nMeanwhile, make the yogurt sauce: Mix the yogurt with the 12 cup finely chopped mint leaves and a generous pinch of salt. Chill in the fridge.nThrow the peas, edamame, ground spices, shallot, garlic, remaining whole mint leaves, olive oil, and salt into a food processor. Whizz it up and puree until smooth. It wont get completely smooth because of the edamame, but process until it is as smooth as possible.nScrape into a big bowl and stir in the flour. The mixture will still be pretty soft. Not to worrynPour enough oil into a large cast iron skillet so that its 14inch deep. Heat over medium heat until shimmering. Meanwhile, with wet hands, shape the pea mixture into 12 small patties the size of a golf ball, and then gently drop into the oil. Fry until the bottoms are dark caramel brown, about 2 minutes, and then carefully flip over. Brown the other side, and then remove from the pan and drain on a paper towellined plate.nServe warm in a pita bread pocket stuffed with the fresh veggies and a spoonful of the yogurt sauce., ingredients: [12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup lightly packed fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, plus 34 cup whole leaves, Kosher salt, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed and drained, 1 cup frozen edamame, thawed and drained if you cant find these, or dont like them, substitute with an extra cup of peas, 1 large shallot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Generous 14 cup chickpea flour besan, available at Indian stores regular flour is a fine substitute, Canola oil, for frying, 2 large pitas, halved, 2 large vineripened tomatoes, cut into large dice, 1 large English cucumber, sliced into 18inch rounds], title: Fried Pea and Mint Patty Sandwiches: Pealafels, picturelink: OPuqnPPAfVEGv8A7kwJvHGPdYdmxEe}, 38044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pasta machine and fettuccine cutternFor the pasta dough: Combine the flour, eggs and yolk in a food processor and pulse until a dough comes together. Transfer to a counter dusted lightly with flour and knead gently until the dough comes together and is smooth, about 1 minute. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours.nDivide the dough into 4 pieces. With your hands, flatten and shape one piece of dough into a 12inchthick rectangle. Dust it lightly with flour and pass it through the widest setting on the pasta machine. If the dough comes out oddly shaped, reform into a rectangle. Fold it in thirds, like a letter, and if necessary, flatten it to a 12inch thickness. Pass it through the widest setting again with the seam of the letter perpendicular to the rollers. Repeat this folding and rolling step 10 to 12 times, dusting the dough with flour if it becomes sticky.nWithout folding the dough, pass it through the next setting on the pasta machine. Keep reducing the space between the rollers after each pass, lightly dusting the pasta with flour on both sides each time, until the pasta is about 116inch thick and 3 inches wide.nLay the rolledout dough on a counter. Roll out the remaining dough in the same manner. Cut each strip of dough into 11inch lengths. Cut the dough into fettuccine. Alternatively, use storebought dried or fresh fettuccine.nFor the meat: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook slowly until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nIncrease the heat to high, add the chuck and pork to the pan and season with the fennel, chile flakes, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Drain the excess fat from the pan.nFor the quick bolognese sauce: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the celery, fennel, onion and carrot and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and ground fennel and cook for 1 minute more.nAdd the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and chicken stock and cook until the tomatoes begin to soften, about 10 minutes. Coarsely mash the tomatoes using a potato masher or wooden spoon, season with salt and pepper and cook until the sauce comes to a boil and begins to thicken slightly, about 15 minutes. Add the cooked bacon, chuck and pork to the pan and continue cooking until the sauce is thick, about 15 minutes more. Fold in the parsley and oregano and season with salt and pepper.nFor the garlic bread: Preheat the broiler.nPlace the ciabatta on a baking sheet cutside up. Heat it under the broiler until lightly golden brown. Combine the butter, garlic, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Slather the garlic butter over the bread and broil until bubbly and golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove, let cool for a few minutes and cut into slices.nTo serve: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta until al dente, about 4 minutes if using dried noodles, follow package directions. Reserve a cup of the pasta water and drain the pasta. Put about 2 cups of the sauce in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the pasta, creme fraiche, some of the pasta water and a few handfuls of the ParmigianoReggiano. Toss, top with the parsley and serve. Reserve remaining sauce for another use., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 large eggs plus 1 yolk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces bacon, diced, 1 12 pounds ground chuck 8020, 12 pound ground pork 8020, 1 teaspoon ground dried fennel, 14 teaspoon Calabrian chile flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium stalk celery, finely diced, 1 small bulb fennel, finely diced, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 12 medium carrot, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste or finely grated, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon ground dried fennel, 1 cup rose wine, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, 2 cups chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 loaf ciabatta, sliced lengthwise, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup creme fraiche, for serving, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, for serving], title: Pasta Bolognese, picturelink: PAsa9EOB4PpEVwh9GweKsNyHfQtN.Wy}, 38045: {instructions: Spread slices of bread with mustard and layer with prosciutto and jack cheese to make sandwiches. Use a batshaped cookie cutter to make cutouts out of completed sandwiches. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [White Bread, Mustard, Prosciutto, thinly sliced, Monterey jack cheese, thinly sliced], title: Bat Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 38046: {instructions: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Cover and refrigerate the whipped cream.nWhisk the boiling water and espresso powder in a 1 cup glass measuring cup until the powder is dissolved, or use an espresso machine to make 4 shots of espresso. Scoop 12 cup of the gelato or ice cream into each of 4 dessert bowls or glasses. Pour 2 tablespoons or 1 shot of hot espresso over each. Top with the whipped cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup cold whipping cream, 12 cup boiling water, 1 tablespoon espresso powder, 1 pint chocolate gelato or ice cream], title: Affogato, picturelink: null}, 38047: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425.nMix sugar, cinnamon, chopped nuts, and chocolate chips in mixing bowl.nMelt butter in medium saucepannPlace one sheet of filo dough in an 11x9 pan and butter it, continuing until you have used 18 to 14 of the package my personal preference.nThen spread on a layer of chocolate mixture. Repeat with filo dough and chocolate until all is used.nCut into 1 squares. Place in oven and bake about 35 minutes until golden brown.nWhile that is baking, in a medium saucepan over mediumlow, heat the honey, water, and lemon juice until it comes to a light boil. Remove from heat.nOnce your baklava is out of the oven, place the pan on a cookie sheet and immediately pour syrup mixture over. BE CAREFUL THE SYRUP WILL MOST LIKELY START TO BOIL IMMEDIATELY sometimes overflowing onto the cookie sheet. Allow to cool, then enjoy.nFor looks I sometimes melt a few chocolate chips and drizzle them on top., ingredients: [1 lb. real butter, 1 package filo dough, 1 c. chopped almonds or pecans, 1 package chocolate chips, 12 c. white sugar, 4 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 c. honey, 12 c. water, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Sweet, Chocolately Delicious Baklava, picturelink: null}, 38048: {instructions: For the onions: Put the vinegar, oil, onions and some salt and pepper in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are very soft and soupy, about 15 minutes.nStir in the chile powder and cinnamon and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup, 12 cup water, the hot sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper, and bring to a simmer. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool to room temperature before serving.nFor the tomatoes: Heat the grill for high direct and indirect heat. Put the tomatoes in a bowl and toss with the canola oil and some salt and pepper. Transfer to a grill basket and grill over direct heat, tossing occasionally, until slightly charred all over and softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, drizzle with the olive oil, and crush lightly with a fork. Toss with the basil, then set aside.nFor the sausage: Put the sausages over the direct heat and cook until slightly charred on all sides, about 2 minutes per side. Move to the indirect heat, cover, and cook until just cooked through, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the sausage to a cutting board. Grill the bread over direct heat until lightly charred, about 15 seconds, then transfer to a platter.nSlice the sausages about 1inch thick. Top each slice of bread with some of the grilled tomatoes, a few slices of sausage and a dollop of the onion sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large Spanish onions, halved and thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, cored, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 4 hot Italian sausage links, 4 sweet Italian sausage links, 1 loaf seeded semolina bread, cut into thick slices], title: Grilled NY Style Sausages with Balsamic Onion Sauce and Grilled Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 38049: {instructions: Combine the Braised Short Ribs and spinach in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and season with salt.nUsing a rolling pin and pasta machine, roll out the Fresh Pasta Dough into a long sheet about 116 inch thick. Use flour as necessary to keep the surfaces from sticking. With a knife, cut the long sheet into 2 equal sheets. Cut each sheet into 4 equal squares, about 4 inches per side dont worry if theyre slightly rectangular.nDivide the meat mixture among 4 of the pasta squares the filling should come 12 inch from the edges. On each raviolo, press a small hole into the center of the filling and top with an egg yolk. Brush the edges of the pasta with a small amount of water, and top each with another square of pasta. Carefully seal the edges, making sure no air pockets are present.nBlanch the raviolo in the boiling water for 2 minutes, just to cook the pasta and warm the filling through. Transfer to a large saute pan and add the butter, a small amount of the pasta water, the ParmigianoReggiano and lemon zest and juice. Reduce the liquid until the pasta is glazed. Serve hot.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, combine the flour, egg yolks, milk, olive oil and salt and mix until the dough begins to clump.nEmpty the contents of the bowl onto a clean surface and knead until the pasta dough is a smooth yellow and has become elastic, about 2 minutes. If the dough is underkneaded it will crack when you are rolling it out. Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes before rolling out.nOne day before cooking, season the short ribs liberally with salt. Allow the meat to marinate in the refrigerator, uncovered, overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Pat the short ribs dry with a paper towel.nHeat a castiron Dutch oven over mediumhigh to high heat. Add enough canola oil to coat the bottom of the pot and sear the short ribs until they are brown and crusty. Remove the short ribs from the pot and let them rest.nDrain the scorched oil from the pot and add a thin film of fresh canola oil. Add the carrots, celery, garlic, ginger and onions. Reduce the heat to medium and sweat the vegetables until theyre translucent. Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon to loosen the brown bits. Add the tomatoes and continue to saute until the tomatoes begin to soften and break down. Add the star anise and cinnamon. Add the red wine and let it reduce by half.nAdd the short ribs back to the pot and add enough cold water to just cover the ribs. Bring the liquid to a simmer skim off the scum and then cover the pot. Transfer to the oven and let the short ribs braise until theyre nearly falling apart, perhaps 3 hours.nRemove the short ribs from the liquid and let them rest. Strain the braising liquid and then return it to the pot. Discard the solids, except the garlic. Reduce the braising liquid over mediumhigh heat until it starts to thicken.nRemove the bones and excess fat from the ribs and pull the meat. Add enough of the liquid to the shredded meat to moisten the mixture. Add the braised garlic cloves, mashing them with a fork. Season with salt and pepper as needed. Yield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [2 cups Braised Short Ribs, recipe follows, 12 cup thawed frozen spinach or blanched fresh spinach, squeezed to remove liquid, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Pasta Dough, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, as needed, 4 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 cups 00 flour, 1 14 cups egg yolks, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Heavy pinch of salt, 3 pounds bonein beef short ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for searing and sauteing, 1 medium carrot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, 1 small knob ginger, sliced, 1 sweet onion, diced, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 2 star anise, 1 stick cinnamon, 2 cups red wine], title: Beef Short Rib and Egg Yolk Raviolo, picturelink: rZHFAbuLDZLEuq6N3BEkLsH5C4itte}, 38050: {instructions: Place the chopped chocolate in a bowl. Heat the cream and the salt until scalded, then pour over the chocolate to melt it. Whisk the yolks with 12 cup of the sugar. Temper the yolk mixture with the hot chocolate mixture then place on the stove over medium heat to thicken slightly, until it coats the back of a wooden spoon. Pour mixture into ramekins and bake in a water bath at 300 degrees for 30 to 45 minutes until mostly set but a little jiggly in the center. Chill covered.nTo serve, whip the cream with the remaining 12 tablespoon sugar and orange rind. Dollop onto the pots de creme.nAlternate Garnish: If you have vanilla beans lying around the house that have already been used, heres a great way to recycle them. Cut split vanilla beans into 3inch sections. Place on a sheet pan in a preheated 300degree oven and bake until dried. Keep in an airtight container. To garnish the pots de creme, lay the dried vanilla beans across the whipped cream., ingredients: [3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 4 cups heavy cream, 18 tablespoon salt, 6 yolks, 12 cup plus 12 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 tablespoons freshly grated orange rind], title: Chocolate Pots de Creme, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 38051: {instructions: Preheat broiler to high.nReheat caponata in the microwave or on the stovetop. Cook pasta until al dente in salted water, drain and transfer back into hot pot. Add hot caponata and combine.nTransfer pasta and vegetables to a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Top with shredded provolone, crushed pepper flakes, and parsley.nPlace baking dish under broiler to brown and bubble cheese. Serve immediately.nIf you prepare a salad, keep it simple. Mixed greens tossed with fresh herbs, dressed with oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper.nPlace the cutting board near the stovetop. Preheat a big, deep pot over medium heat. Add oil, garlic, and crushed pepper. As you chop vegetables peppers, onion, and celery, add them to the pot. Once vegetables are in there, increase heat a bit.nStir in olives and capers, raisins. Salt the diced eggplant and stir into the pot. Add tomatoes, diced and crushed, to the pot and stir caponata well to combine. Cover pot and cook caponata 15 to 20 minutes, until vegetables are tender. Stir in parsley and remove pan from heat., ingredients: [1 12 quarts prepared caponata, recipe follows, halved, 12 pound ziti rigate pasta, cooked to al dente, about 8 minutes, 1 12 cups shredded provolone available on dairy aisle of market, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Chopped parsley, garnish, Serving suggestion: Mixed greens tossed with fresh herbs, dressed with oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 to 34 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 cubanelle Italian long green pepper, seeded and diced, 1 large sweet onion, peeled and chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 12 cup large green olives, pitted and chopped, 12 cup black kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 3ounce jar capers, drained, 12 cups golden raisins, a couple of handfuls, 1 medium firm eggplant, diced, Salt, 1 32ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Caponata Pasta Bake, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 38052: {instructions: Cook asparagus in shallow, simmering salted water 5 minutes. Drain, arrange on a platter and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil.nWhile asparagus cooks, make a pile of garlic, lemon zest, parsley and anchovies. Finely chop all of the ingredients together to form gremolata.nSprinkle the gremolata paste liberally over the hot asparagus with extravirgin olive oil. Serve hot or room temperature., ingredients: [2 12 pounds thin asparagus, trimmed, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 lemons, zested, 8 to 10 anchovies, 1 2ounce tin, drained use 12 cup pitted green olives if you do not care for anchovies, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, a couple of generous handfuls], title: Asparagus with Gremolata, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 38053: {instructions: 1.COMBINE shortening and brown sugar in large bowl. Beat at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Add egg and molasses beat until light and fluffy.n2.COMBINE flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt in medium bowl. Beat into shortening mixture at low speed until well blended. Chill 3 hours or overnight.n3.HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Shape mixture into 1inch balls dip one side in granulated sugar. Place, sugared side up, on ungreased cookie sheet 2 inches apart.n4.BAKE 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on rack., ingredients: [34 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening OR 34 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup light molasses, 2 14 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, Granulated sugar for dipping], title: Classic Molasses Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 38054: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor add the 1 cup of cheese, the lemon juice, 1 garlic clove, the mustard and the anchovies. Turn the machine on and let it run for 15 to 20 seconds. As the machine is running, drizzle in 12 to 34 cup olive oil. Let the machine run for another 15 seconds after the oil has incorporated. Season, to taste, with salt.nCoat a large saute pan generously with olive oil. Smash 2 garlic cloves and add them to the pan over medium heat. When the garlic cloves have become golden and are very aromatic remove them and discard, they have fulfilled their garlic destiny. Stir in the bread cubes, season with salt, to taste, and saute them until they have absorbed all of the oil and are crispy, but still slightly pliable.nBreak apart the lettuce leaves. Swish them in cool water, then pat them dry. In a large bowl toss the leaves with the dressing. Arrange the leaves on serving plates and sprinkle with the garlic croutons. Shave some Parmesan over the salads and serve., ingredients: [1 cup grated Parmesan, plus a block for shaving, 2 lemons, juiced, 3 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 or 4 anchovy fillets, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 3 to 4 slices day old rustic Italian bread, cut into 12inch dice, 2 hearts romaine lettuce], title: Eggless Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 38055: {instructions: Place a large, deep skillet over medium heat and coat with the oil. Saute the onion and green peppers for 3 minutes to soften. Split the piece of lemongrass down the middle and whack it with the flat side of a knife to open the flavor. Add the lemongrass, ginger, curry paste and lime leaves to the skillet and stir for 2 minutes. Pour in the coconut milk and chicken broth. Lay the chicken pieces in the mixture to poach add a pinch of salt. Stir together and simmer over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes. Squeeze in the lime juice and shower with basil and cilantro serve in dinner bowls with lime wedges.nHeat the coriander, cumin seeds, and peppercorns in a small dry skillet for 2 minutes until fragrant. Put the seeds in a clean coffee grinder or spice mill and buzz the spices to a powder.nPut the spice blend and remaining ingredients in a food processor, and pulse to combine. Pour in the water to help grind everything down into a paste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, cut in 8 wedges, 1 green bell pepper, cut in 8 wedges, 1 stalk lemongrass, white bulb only, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons Thai Green Curry Paste, recipe follows, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 3 cups unsweetened coconut milk, two 13.5ounce cans, 34 cup chicken broth, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut in 1inch strips, Sea salt, 1 lime, juiced, Fresh Thai basil leaves, Fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, for garnish, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 8 fresh Thai green chiles, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, Small handful of fresh cilantro sprigs, 2inch piece galangal, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 lemon grass stalks, white part only, coarsely chopped, 2 kaffir lime leaves, torn, 2 teaspoons dried shrimp paste, 12 cup water], title: Green Curry Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38056: {instructions: Whisk the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons rice wine in a medium bowl add the beef, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Set aside for 15 minutes.nMix the remaining 1 tablespoon rice wine, the oyster sauce and sesame oil in a large bowl set the bowl near the stove.nHeat a wok or large nonstick skillet over high heat until very hot, about 1 minute. Add 3 tablespoons peanut oil, then the ginger, garlic and chiles stirfry until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the beef and cook, stirring or shaking the skillet occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the beef with a slotted spoon to the sauce mixture and toss.nIf the pan is dry, add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, then add the onion and stirfry until just soft, about 2 minutes. Add the bok choy and sugar stirfry until just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Return the beef and any juices to the pan and stir to combine. Serve over the rice.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons Chinese Shaoxing rice wine, dry sherry or white vermouth, 1 pound beef sirloin, thinly sliced against the grain into strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 5 to 7 dried red chiles, halved, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 8 heads baby bok choy, halved, Pinch of sugar, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Spicy Beef StirFry, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 38057: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter and cool it.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the egg whites, sugar and vanilla. Stir in the salt and half of the flour, then mix in the melted butter. Beat in the rest of the flour until smooth.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Use the back of a big spoon to spread 2 level tablespoons of the batter into a circle 6 inches across. Try to get the circles as even and smooth as possible. Cooks Note: Youre likely to get 2 rounds on one standard baking sheet.nPut the baking sheet in the oven, and begin checking the cones after about 10 minutes. Depending on your oven, theyll take between 10 and 15 minutes to bake. The circles should be golden brown throughout some lighter and darker spots are inevitable so dont worry. Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Use a thin metal spatula to loosen the edge of one disk. Slide the spatula under the disk, quickly flip it over, and immediately roll it around a cone formnPress the seam firmly on the counter to close the cone and pinch the point at the bottom securely closed. Let the cone cool slightly on the mold until it feels firm, then slide it off and stand it upright in a tall glass to cool. Roll the other cones the same way. Repeat, using the remaining batter.nPlace in cone holder of some sort to cool. Glasses work well.nServe up with one or two scoops of your favorite ice cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 large or 3 medium egg whites, 7 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch table salt, 23 cup allpurpose flour, Ice cream, to serve], title: Ice Cream Cones, picturelink: null}, 38058: {instructions: Marinate 1 pound shrimp in 2 tablespoons each pesto and olive oil add 1 lemon cut into wedges and 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes. Grill about 3 minutes per side. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Pesto Shrimp, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 38059: {instructions: SPREAD mayonnaise onto tortilla.nTOP with remaining ingredients roll up.nServing Suggestion:nServe with 1 cup cutup melon and a cold 8oz. glass of fatfree milk.nMake Ahead:nSandwich can be made ahead of time. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap, then refrigerate up to 8 hours., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. KRAFT SANDWICH SHOP Chipotle Flavored Reduced Fat Mayonnaise, 1 whole wheat tortilla 8 inch, 1 KRAFT Deli Fresh 2 Milk Reduced Fat Sharp Cheddar Cheese Slice, cut in half, 1 lettuce leaf, 2 Tbsp. pico de gallo, 6 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Rotisserie Seasoned Chicken Breast], title: Adobo Chicken Wrap, picturelink: null}, 38060: {instructions: Whisk all ingredients together till well blended and sugar is dissolved.nChill in refrigerator at least an hour. Or make ahead of time. Serve with your favorite fruit. Serve with a fruit platter., ingredients: [1 cup of sour cream low fat or regular not nonfat, 14 cup of Floridas Naturalu00ae Brand orange juice, 2 tbsp. brown sugar], title: Creamy Fruit Dip, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 38061: {instructions: Pour salt in a shallow dish for dipping the rims of the glasses. Dip 4 martini glasses in water and then dip the rims in salt. Place in the freezer to frost, about 30 minutes. In a martini shaker shake together the orangeliqueur, Triple Sec, and tequila. Remove glasses from the freezer. Fill the bottom of each glass with the diced watermelon and pour alcohol mixture over the top, dividing evenly among the glasses. Slice lime into wedges and squeeze into glasses. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Salt, for glass rims, 13 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 14 cup Triple Sec, 34 cup tequila, 4 ounces seedless watermelon, small diced, 1 lime], title: Watermelon Margaritas, picturelink: QHOUz06A2trwa5p264VcdoYiaJaire}, 38062: {instructions: RhubarbBirch Syrup: Heat a medium skillet over high heat. Add the butter, swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the onion and rhubarb and saute until soft, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the birch syrup, wine, and lemon juice. Stir, season with salt and pepper and cook until the liquid is reduced by 12, about 8 to 10 minutes should have a syrupy consistency. Adjust seasoning.nMussels: Heat a wok over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the garlic and ginger and stirfry until fragrant. Add the mussels, Thai birds, Korean chile flakes, and cook, covered, until mussels open. Make a bed of the grilled potatoes on a large platter. Place the mussels on top of the potatoes and drizzle the birchrhubarb syrup on and around the mussels. Toss the fiddleheads in the remaining mussel cooking liquid for a few seconds to warm them through. Top the mussels with the fiddlehead salad and sprinkle with more Korean chile flakes and the chives. Serve.nPotatoes: In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, garlic, and oil, toss to coat. Prepare a grill and cook the potatoes until crispy, about 10 to 15 minutes, turning half way through., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 small red onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup rhubarb, peeled, finely diced, 4 tablespoons birch syrup, 1 cup white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 pounds Alaskan mussels, scrubbed, beards removed, 4 Thai bird chiles, stemmed, and minced, 1 tablespoon Korean chile flakes, 2 cups fiddlehead ferns, blanched, 12 teaspoon Korean chile flakes, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 pounds potatoes from Alaska, unpeeled, washed, and halved, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spicy Wok Stirred Blue Mussels with RhubarbBirch Syrup and Alaskan Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 38063: {instructions: In a medium size mixing bowl mix the beans, tomato, cilantro, cumin, ancho chili powder, garlic and salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly and form into 4 even sized cakes. In a medium size teflon saute pan heat a small amount of vegetable oil and brown off both sides and keep warm in the oven until the Moi is done.nIn the same saute pan, heat a little more oil and saute the Moi, skin side down first. Deep fry the plantain slices, season with salt and set aside. Serve the Moi with the black bean cakes and garnish with fried plantains and cilantro., ingredients: [2 cups black turtle beans, cooked and roughly ground, 12 cup tomatoes, seeded and diced, 14 cup cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons cumin, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 6 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 Moi fillets, pine bones removed, skin on or substitute English sole, 1 firm plantain, peeled and sliced very thin, Additional peanut oil for deepfrying, Salt and pepper to taste, Cilantro sprigs for garnish], title: Pan Fried Moi with Black Bean Cake and Crispy Plantain, picturelink: null}, 38064: {instructions: Melt butter in a large stockpot over medium heat. Saute the onion, garlic, carrots, and celery with 4 sprigs each parsley and thyme, 4 sage leaves, and 2 bay leaves until fragrant. Deglaze the pan with 14 cup cognac, cook for 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Sprinkle in flour to tighten up the mixture and stir to dissolve. Pour in the chicken broth a little at a time to avoid lumping. Add the smoked turkey wings and water, simmer for 15 minutes while preparing the giblets.nCoat a saute pan with olive oil and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey giblets and neck, along with the remaining herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons cognac and continue to cook until the giblets are cooked through. Remove the giblets from the pan and chop them up.nPass the broth through a strainer to remove the large pieces of turkey and vegetables. Return the broth to the stove and add the giblets. Simmer until the gravy is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Stir in peppercorns and serve with turkey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, halved, 2 garlic cloves, 3 carrots, cut in chunks, 3 celery stalks, cut in chunks, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley, plus 4 sprigs, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 4 sprigs, 4 sage leaves, plus 4 leaves, 2 bay leaves, plus 2 leaves, 14 cup cognac, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 quart chicken broth, low sodium, 1 pound smoked and cooked turkey wings, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Turkey giblets and neck, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns], title: SageGreen Peppercorn Gravy, picturelink: null}, 38065: {instructions: Combine falafel mix with the stock or water and let stand 10 minutes.nSweat the shucked corn kernels and red onions in the butter until soft and fragrant, then let cool. Be careful not to overcook, cook just long enough so that the vegetables are crispy yet tender.nAdd all ingredients to the falafel mixture and mix well. Shape the mixture into small balls 1 12 inches diameter, or shape into patties about 2 inches in diameter and 12inch thick.nFor best results, deep fry in 350 degree F oil until golden brown.nClean, chop, and quickly blanch the cilantro in boiling water. Shock immediately. Drain well.nPut the tahini, and creme fraiche into a blender. With blade running, add cilantro. Blend until smooth. Mix cilantro puree with the tahini sauce and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nOpen pita pockets. Stuff with falafel, salad greens, and garnish with diced tomato and red onion if desired. Dress with cilantro tahini., ingredients: [16 ounces falafel mix, 2 cups shrimp or shellfish stock or water if neither is avaiable, 4 ears of corn, shucked and kernels removed save kernels, discard husks, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 pound rock shrimp, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced, 1 red bell pepper, small dice, 2 limes, juiced, 4 to 6 scallions, julienne, 1 large red onion, small diced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 package pita bread, 12 pound mixed greens or mesclun, Diced tomato, if desired, Diced red onion, if desired, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, 1 cup tahini sauce, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Shrimp and Corn Falafel with Cilantro Tahini, picturelink: null}, 38066: {instructions: To make the dressing: Blend the oil, vinegar, agave, and 14 cup grapefruit juice until combined. Adjust the proportions, to taste. Toss the arugula with the dressing and pine nuts, then season with salt and pepper. Top the salad with grapefruit segments., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 14 cup grapefruit juice, 1 5ounce bag baby arugula, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 large grapefruit, segmented, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Arugula Salad with Toasted Pine Nuts and Fresh Grapefruit in a Citrus Agave Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 38067: {instructions: Heat a smoker or grill to medium.nSeason fleshy side of the brisket with kosher salt.nSear the fleshy side of brisket on the grill, close to the coals for about 10 to 15 minutes. Flip the brisket and lightly sear the fatty side until a redorange crust is formed. Raise the brisket to a higher level of the grill and continue to cook over indirect heat until fork tender. Transfer the brisket to a cutting board.nSeparate the flat and the point with a sharp butchers knife. Remove the point while still hot and put the point and the flat back on the grill, taking care not to scorch the meat. Continue cooking until most of the fat has rendered or liquefied, about 15 minutes. Remove it from the grill and trim off the fat and any burned portions. The grain in the point runs in several different directions so care needs to be taken when slicing. Slice the meat on an angle, between 38 to 12inch thick, until the entire point is sliced. Begin chopping those slices at a 90 degree angle to attain the desired size chunks of the points. Put the chunks into a pan and add about 6 ounces of Woodyard Original Sauce, per pound of meat, then put the pan back on grill. Leave uncovered to allow it to smoke until a glaze is formed on the surface. Remove the pan from the grill and allow meat to rest and set, about 20 to 30 minutes. Ready to add to the Three Bean Chili.nPut the beef into a large roasting pan and put it on the smoker. Smoke the meat until a firm crust forms, roughly 40 minutes. Remove it from the grill and add it to your favorite skillet over medium heat to begin browning.nIn another large skillet over medium heat add the diced onions. Add the chili powder, cumin, cayenne and paprika. Cook until the mixture is well blended, then add the smoked ground beef. Brown the mixture until fully cooked. Add the black beans, red beans and red kidney beans with diced tomatoes and crushed tomatoes to a large stock pot and mix well. Add the ground beef mixture and stir until combined. Cover and simmer for roughly 1 hour.nReady to serve upnServe the chili as a base with the desired amount of burnt ends on top and add your favorite fixins, such as corn chips, sour cream, jalapenos, red onions andor shredded cheese., ingredients: [Whole brisket, about 9 pounds, Kosher salt, enough to cover the brisket, Woodyard Original Sauce, Three Bean Chili, recipe follows, 10 pounds ground beef, 2 large white onions, diced, 4 ounces chili powder 8 tablespoons, 6 ounces ground cumin 12 tablespoons, 4 ounces cayenne 8 tablespoons, 6 ounces paprika 12 tablespoons, 1 64ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 64ounce can red beans, rinsed and drained, 1 64ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 64ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 64ounce can crushed tomatoes], title: Three Bean Burnt End Chili, picturelink: null}, 38068: {instructions: Remove all excess fat from the oxtail then debone leaving all the meat intact bones can be used for stock. Roll the oxtail back up with caul fat optional and tie with butchers twine about 1 inch apart. In a very hot roasting pan sear off the oxtail on all sides then remove. In the same pan roast off the mirepoix then add the red wine, reduce, and add the stock, bring to a simmer. Add the oxtail back in and cover with foil and place into a preheated 325 degree oven and braise for approximately 2 hours. When oxtail is tender remove pan from the oven and remove the oxtail and cool. Strain the braising liquid and reduce to a sauce consistency, check seasoning. Slice the oxtail into 2inch logs, reheat in the sauce. Remove the butchers twine, slice and serve., ingredients: [3 whole oxtail, 12 pound caul fat optional, 12 pound mirepoix carrots, onions, celery, leeks small dice, 1 cup red wine, 6 cups oxtail stock or veal stock, Salt, Black peppercorns], title: Slow Braised Oxtail, picturelink: null}, 38069: {instructions: Place the tomatoes cut side up on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the salt and let sit for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 200 degrees. Roast the tomatoes for 5 to 6 hours. The tomatoes are done when they are dried but still slightly plump, they should definitely not be leathery, nor as dry as commercial sundried tomatoes. Allow the tomatoes to cool to room temperature, then transfer them to a jar or bowl. Stir in the olive oil, herbs, and garlic, cover tightly and refrigerate. The tomatoes will improve if marinated 2 to 3 days before using. They will keep for up to 2 weeks stored in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, washed, cored and split lengthwise, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 large fresh thyme sprigs, 1 fresh rosemary sprig, cut in half, 2 to 3 sage leaves, 3 medium garlic cloves, split], title: OvenDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 38070: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nTo make the crust, combine the ingredients in a bowl and mix well for 2 minutes. Mold the mixture into a greased, 10inch pie shell and bake for 8 minutes or until golden brown. Remove the crust from the oven and allow to cool.nTo make the filling, combine the milk and the egg yolks and mix well. Slowly add the key lime juice and mix just until incorporated. Do not overmix or the pie will not setup in the refrigerator. Pour the mix into the prebaked pie shell and refrigerate until set.nTo serve, slice the pie and serve with whipped cream or serve plain., ingredients: [8 ounces graham crackers, crushed, 4 ounces butter, melted, 1 cup canned sweetened condensed milk, chilled, 4 egg yolks, cold, 12 cup key lime juice, cold, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Steves Authentic Key Lime Pie, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 38071: {instructions: For the crumble: In a small bowl, stir together the pecans, sugar, chocolate chips, glutenfree flour blend and cinnamon.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and grease a 9inch springform pan or round cake pan. In a large bowl, whisk together the glutenfree flour blend, baking powder and salt.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar until smooth. Beat in the oil and vanilla. Stir the egg mixture into the flour mixture until combined. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan, top with the pear, cranberries and crumble mixture. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Let cool in the pan set on a wire rack.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt., ingredients: [12 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup coconut sugar, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons GlutenFree Flour Blend, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup GlutenFree Flour Blend, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup finely ground coconut sugar, 12 cup unflavored coconut oil or nonhydrogenated canola oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 pear, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup fresh cranberries, 3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt], title: GlutenFree PearCranberry Crumb Cake, picturelink: IcIuddgeBEe6p44vFCKJ1Q3rh726Gha}, 38072: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse oyster crackers into crumbs, then transfer to a large bowl. Add the cornichons, capers, scallions and tarragon to the food processor and pulse into small pieces. Add the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard and pepper and pulse to combine.nRemove 12 cup tartar sauce to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate. Pour the remaining tartar sauce into the bowl with the cracker crumbs and gently fold together with the egg and crabmeat. Use a 14cup measure to form the mixture 16 crabcakes.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and, working in batches, cook the crabcakes until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Serve with a dollop of the reserved tartar sauce and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup oyster crackers, 14 cup cornichons, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 2 scallions, roughly chopped, Leaves from 1 sprig fresh tarragon, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Crabcakes with Zesty Herb Tartar Sauce, picturelink: ItYUDUMZaMrKzEqy0f1KegyWIRl.JtC}, 38073: {instructions: Place meat and bones into large stockpot and add cold water to cover them by 2 inches, Bring to a simmer at medium heat. As the liquid starts to simmer, scum will rise. Remove it with a ladle for about 20 minutes until it stops to accumulate. Add the vegetables and the bouquet garni and add more water if necessary  water should cover all ingredients by 1inch. When liquid is simmering again, skim as necessary. Keep at a simmer for 4 to 5 minutes. Skim fat and scum occasionally. Boiling water should be added if the liquid evaporates below the level of all ingredients. Never allow the liquid to boil to avoid fat and scum incorporating themselves into the liquid and making it cloudy. Cooking may be stopped at any time and continued later. Never cover the pot totally until contents have completely cooled  otherwise the stock will turn sour. After 4 to 5 hours of cooking, strain the stock out of the stockpot into a bowl. Press on the vegetables to squeeze out all the liquid. Discard the vegetables. Let stock settle for 5 minutes. Remove fat from its surface with a ladle, then draw paper towels over the surface of the stock to blot up last traces of fat. Or put the stock into the refrigerator, uncovered, until fat on top has hardened and can be scraped off. Taste the degreased stock for taste. Boil it down to evaporate some of its water content and to concentrate its strength. Chill in icebath. Cover and refrigerate it, or bottle and freeze it. Stock kept in the refrigerator must be brought to the boil every 3 or 4 days to keep it from spoiling.nInto a cheesecloth tie: ., ingredients: [7 pounds meat and bones backs, necks, wings are best of chicken, chopped into 2 to 3inch pieces, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 carrots, scraped, 2 onions, peeled, 2 celery stalks, 2 leeks, washed, 4 stems thyme, 1 bay leaf, 6 parsley sprigs, 2 unpeeled garlic cloves, 5 peppercorns], title: White Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 38074: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine brown sugar and butter. Beat at medium speed until creamy. Add sour cream, egg, and vanilla. Continue beating until mixed well. In a separate bowl, combne flour, baking powder and baking soda. Add flour mixture, a little at a time, and mix well. Stir in cashews and cranberries. Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely.nFrosting: Stir together confectioners sugar and orange juice in a small bowl. Drizzle over cooled cookies., ingredients: [1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup butter, softened, 12 cup sour cream, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup chopped salted cashews, 5 ounces chopped dried cranberries, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons orange juice], title: Cranberry Cashew Jumbles, picturelink: null}, 38075: {instructions: In a small glass or ceramic bowl, whisk together the shallots, thyme, chile, salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Drizzle the oil over in a thin stream, whisking all the time, until the mixture is emulsified. Set aside, covered and refrigerated, for up to 4 hours.nTrim off any excess fat from the chops and place them in a shallow ceramic or glass roasting dish that will hold them all in one layer.nIn a nonreactive bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, garlic, salt, pepper, chile, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Pour the marinade over the chops, coating both sides, cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 and up to 3 hours.nBring the chops to room temperature for 15 minutes before cooking, and shake dry. In a large castiron skillet, or in 2 skillets if necessary, heat the remaining tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat and cook the chops for 5 to 7 minutes on each side the chops could also be broiled or grilled. Serve immediately, garnished with thyme vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 medium shallots. finely chopped, 12 bunch thyme, leaves only, finely chopped, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 1inch thick loin pork chops, 13 cup lemon juice, 2 small cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon minced habanero chile, 2 tablespoons fruity olive oil], title: Costoletas de Porco, picturelink: null}, 38076: {instructions: Heat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of flank steaks with salt, black pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder. Place steaks on hot pan and cook 5 minutes per side for medium meat. Let steaks rest 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 14inch thick slices.nWhile the steaks are cooking, season both sides of polenta with salt and black pepper. Arrange slices alongside steak for the last few minutes of cooking cooking slices 1 to 2 minutes per side, until golden brown.nWhile the steak and polenta are cooking, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add pearl onions and cook 3 minutes, until golden brown stirring with a spoon. Add mushrooms and cook 3 minutes, until mushrooms soften. Add thyme and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add wine and bring to a simmer, for 5 minutes, until sauce reduces to 14 cup.nServe half of the steak over toasted polenta slices with all of the onionmushroom mixture spooned over top. Reserve remaining steak for sandwiches., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 flank steaks, about 1 pound each, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 11ounce tube prepared polenta, plain or seasoned, sliced crosswise into 1inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups frozen or jarred pearl onions, 2 cups cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup Merlot or dry red wine], title: Flank Steak with Merlot Mushrooms and Pearl Onions over Toasted Polenta, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 38077: {instructions: Distribute the meat evenly over the bottoms of the kaiser rolls. Place approximately 2 ounces of the barbecue sauce over the meat. Place the top of the roll on the meat and serve with a knife and fork., ingredients: [1 12 pounds thinly sliced cooked beef or pork, heated, 6 kaiser rolls, split, 12 ounces barbecue sauce, heated], title: Beef and Pork Buns, picturelink: null}, 38078: {instructions: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nBeat the peanut butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and salt with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Fold in the chocolate.nPut some granulated sugar in a small bowl. Scoop tablespoonfuls of the cookie dough, roll them into balls and roll each ball in the sugar to coat. Evenly space them on the prepared baking sheets. Press each ball down with a fork to flatten it out and make an indentation.nBake until the bottoms are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. The cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup chunky peanut butter, 23 cup granulated sugar, plus more for rolling, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: GlutenFree Peanut ButterChocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 38079: {instructions: In a very hot pan add the oil then the chops, brown evenly on one side, turn over and place in a preheated oven 500 degrees approximately 6 to 8 minutes or until medium rare. Remove from the oven, place on high heat, remove the chops, add the shallots and the berries, saute slightly add the port and let reduce by half, then add the sauce and the sugar season with a little salt if necessary, sauce should be a little thin, serve sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 elk rib chops seasoned with fresh ground pepper, 1ounce shallots, julienned, 12 pint fresh blackberries, not frozen, 8 ounces ruby port wine, 2 ounces brown sauce, 1 ounce brown sugar], title: Elk Chop in Blackberry Port Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38080: {instructions: In a 5 to 6 qt. slow cooker, mix together Heinz 57u00ae Worcestershire Sauce, Mustard, sugar, tomato paste and onion. Season with salt and pepper if desired. Add pork, turning until well coated. Cover and cook on low heat setting for about 8 hours, or until pork is tender, turning occasionally.nTo serve, remove pork from slow cooker. Pull pork into shreds using two forks. Return pork to slow cooker and stir until well mixed with sauce. Spoon about 34 cup onto your favorite sandwich buns and serve immediately.nTIP: If preferred, cook on high heat setting for about 4 hours, or until pork is tender, turning occasionally., ingredients: [12 cup Heinz 57u00ae, 14 cup Lea  Perrinsu00ae Worcestershire Sauce, 2 Tbsp. Heinzu00ae Yellow Mustard, 14 cup Firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup Tomato paste, 1 Medium onion, chopped, or about 2 cups, 312 lb. Boneless pork shoulder blade roast, trimmed and cut into 4 pieces], title: Heinz 57 Pulled Pork, picturelink: KyvCYIty3ZQ38km99F7yDUVYSMP3qLq}, 38081: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the white wine, water, sugar and vanilla bean and pulp into a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil.nCore the pears from the bottom. Decrease the heat to medium low and place the pears into the liquid, cover and cook for 30 minutes or until the pears are tender but not falling apart. Maintain a gentle simmer. Remove the pears to a serving dish, standing them upright, and place in the refrigerator.nRemove the vanilla bean from the saucepan, increase the heat to high and reduce the syrup to approximately 1 cup of liquid, approximately 20 to 25 minutes. Do not allow the syrup to turn brown. Place the syrup in a heatproof container and place in the refrigerator until cool, approximately 1 hour.nRemove the pears from the refrigerator, spoon the sauce over the pears and serve., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle white wine, Riesling or Viognier, 1 cup water, 5 ounces vanilla sugar, approximately 34 cup, 1 whole vanilla bean, split and scraped, 4 firm Bartlett, Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled leaving the stem intact], title: Vanilla Poached Pears, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 38082: {instructions: Brownie filling:nTo make the crust: Grease a 13 by 9inch metal baking pan, then line with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on both ends, and grease foil.nFollow recipe for basic butter cookies to make dough do not chill, then press dough evenly onto bottom of baking pan, using plastic wrap on top to prevent dough from sticking to your fingers, and chill until firm, about 20 minutes.nWhile crust chills, put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Cool crust in pan on a rack 20 minutes. Leave oven on.nTo make brownie filling while crust cools: Melt butter and chocolate with brown sugar in a 3quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Remove from heat, then whisk in eggs and vanilla until combined well. Whisk in flour, cocoa, and salt, then stir in walnuts if using.nSpread brownie batter over cooled crust and bake until set, about 20 minutes. Cool completely in pan on rack, about 1 12 hours.nRun a heavy knife under hot water and wipe dry, then cut confection into 1inch squares. Brownie squares keep, layered between sheets of waxed paper or parchment, in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week.nWhisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl.nBeat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a standing mixer preferably fitted with paddle attachment or 6 with a handheld. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and mix until just combined., ingredients: [Ingredients for Basic Butter Cookies, recipe follows, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, 10 12 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, chopped, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 14 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons Dutchprocess unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups walnuts 6 ounces optional, toasted, cooled, and coarsely chopped, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Brownie Squares, picturelink: null}, 38083: {instructions: Make the brownies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8inch square baking dish with a sheet of aluminum foil, making sure to cover the corners and sides. Lightly butter the aluminum foil, including corners and sides.nIn the bowl of a double boiler set over simmering water, combine the butter and chopped unsweetened chocolate. Stirring often, heat until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the sugar and salt. Add the eggs and vanilla and stir until well blended. Fold in the sifted flour and stir just until the flour disappears. Stir in the semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chunks.nPour the batter into the prepared baking dish and spread evenly. Bake approximately 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Baking time will be longer if you are using a metal pan. Do not overbake. Transfer the dish to a wire rack and cool completely.nMake the CarmelCashew Topping: Pour the cream into the bowl of a double boiler set over simmering water. Unwrap caramels and put them into the bowl. Stirring frequently to prevent sticking, combine the cream and caramels until the mixture becomes homogeneous and smooth. Take the mixture off the heat and keep stirring until the caramel becomes a little thicker and the mixture begins to cool down. Add a pinch of salt and the vanilla and stir. Coarsely chop the cashews and fold them into the caramel mixture until nuts are completely coated with caramel. Pour mixture over the top of the cooled brownies and spread evenly.nRefrigerate the brownies until the caramel is set, about 30 to 45 minutes. Remove brownies from the pan by grabbing the sides of the aluminum foil and lifting them from the pan. With a serrated knife, cut the brownies into 2inch squares. These can be stored in an airtight container for 2 days or in a covered container in the refrigerator for 4 days., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces plus extra for greasing, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup cake flour, sifted, 34 cup semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chunks, 14 cup cream, Approximately 40 storebought caramels, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 to 34 cup raw cashews], title: CaramelCashew Brownies, picturelink: MMh4.fPeeXw3jFhqUpD6VrUPtNDgtC}, 38084: {instructions: Bring the apple cider, cinnamon stick and allspice to a simmer in a small pot over mediumhigh heat. Cook until reduced to 14 cup, about 12 minutes set aside to cool. Remove the cinnamon stick and allspice berries.nWhisk the flour, ground cinnamon, baking powder and baking soda in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the egg and half of the cider mixture and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Form the dough into 34inch balls and arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until golden brown, 9 to 11 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar and the remaining cider mixture in a small bowl until smooth. Spread the glaze on the cookies and top with the coarse sugar. Let set 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 12 cups apple cider, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 whole allspice berries, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 23 cup confectioners sugar, Coarse gold sugar, for decorating], title: Glazed Cider Cookies, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 38085: {instructions: Cut the steak into 2 even pieces and place in a sealable plastic bag or container. Place the olive oil, cilantro, basil, parsley, lime juice, garlic, and 1 tablespoon salt in a blender and mix until smooth. Reserve 12 cup of the herboil mixture and refrigerate. Add the remaining mixture to the meat, distribute evenly, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice ciabatta loaf lengthwise and remove excess bread from inside, if desired.nRemove the meat from the marinade discard marinade. Place on a paper towel, wiping off any excess marinade. Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon canola oil. Once the pan is hot, add meat and cook until mediumrare, about 4 to 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Place meat on a cutting board and cover with foil. Repeat with other piece of meat, only adding more oil if necessary.nPlace bread directly on oven rack and toast, about 5 minutes.nHeat remaining tablespoon of oil in the grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until just beginning to brown but still crisp, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and season with salt, to taste.nTake the reserved herboil mixture and brush the inside of both halves of bread. Slice steak thinly on the bias and place on the bottom half of the bread. Top with onions and then remaining bread. Slice into quarters and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds flank steak, 1 cup olive oil, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 5 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 14inch loaf ciabatta bread, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced], title: Cuban Steak Sandwiches, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 38086: {instructions: In a small pan, over a medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add the cumin seeds and toast them 1 to 2 minutes. Add the garlic cook a minute to release oils then add, oregano, salt and pepper and cook another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the orange and lime juices.nThe sauce is best used immediately, but will keep for a few days in the refrigerator.nUse as a finishing sauce for grilled seafood, such as halibut or salmon., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 4 teaspoons cumin seeds, 12 cloves garlic, pureed or finely chopped, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, or to taste, Juice of 1 12 oranges, Juice of 1 12 limes], title: Toasted Cumin Sauce for Fish, picturelink: null}, 38087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRoast the poblano chiles onebyone over the flame of your stovetop, using metal tongs to hold them, until the skin is totally charred. If you dont have a gas stove, you can use an outdoor grill OR place them on a baking sheet directly under your ovens broiler. When the skin is totally blackened, place the chiles in a large resealable plastic bag and seal the bag to allow the chiles to sweat for a good 20 minutes. Remove the chiles and use a knife to scrape off most of the blackened skin. Slice the chiles in half lengthwise, and scrape out the seeds and membranes.nDivide the ingredients into 3 batches so they will fit into a 12cup processornCombine whole tomatoes, roast chiles, cilantro, onions, garlic, jalapeno, cumin, salt, sugar and lime juice in a blender or food processor.nPulse until you get the salsa to the consistency youd like. I do about 10 to 15 pulses. Test seasonings with a tortilla chip and adjust as needed.nRefrigerate the salsa for at least an hour before serving., ingredients: [6 28ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, 18 roast poblano chiles, 1 12 cups fresh cilantro leaves or more to taste, 34 cup chopped onion, 3 clove garlic, minced, 3 whole jalapeno, quartered and sliced thin, with seeds and membrane, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 whole limes, juiced], title: Roasted Chile Salsa, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 38088: {instructions: Heat the sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat until it begins to melt. Cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until deep amber, about 10 minutes. Stir in the orange zest and cook 30 seconds. Pour into a 9inchround cake pan tilt to coat. Let harden, about 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Dissolve the espresso powder in 1 tablespoon warm water in a large bowl. Whisk in the eggs. Add the sweetened condensed milk, halfandhalf, vanilla, cinnamon and 18 teaspoon salt whisk until smooth. Pour the mixture through a finemesh sieve into the cake pan.nLoosely cover the cake pan with foil do not let the foil touch the custard. Line a roasting pan with a kitchen towel and set the cake pan on top. Transfer to the oven and fill the roasting pan with hot water, about halfway up the side of the cake pan. Bake until the flan is set but still wobbly in the center, 1 hour, 30 minutes to 1 hour, 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool in the water bath, about 1 hour. Remove from the water, cover with plastic wrap and chill at least 8 hours.nRun a knife around the edge of the pan to loosen the flan let sit 20 minutes. Invert the flan onto a rimmed plate and unmold, letting the caramel drip out. Cut into wedges.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 wide strip orange zest, very thinly sliced, 4 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 5 large eggs, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 3 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt], title: OrangeCoffee Flan, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 38089: {instructions: Place the fish on a chopping board. Cut 5 slits diagonally into each side of the fish, but do not cut to the bone. Sprinkle vinegar all over, inside and out. Repeat with the wine, salt, and white pepper. Place the cornstarch on a sheet of wax paper and coat the fish thoroughly on both sides, including the cleaning opening.nHeat a wok over high heat for 40 seconds. Pour the oil into the wok and heat to 375 degrees F to 400 degrees F. Place the fish in a Chinese strainer and lower into the oil. If it cannot be lowered completely, ladle oil over it and tip the strainer so the fish is completely cooked, brown and crisp, including the head. Fry for 10 to 12 minutes, until cooked.nRemove to a heated serving dish. Use a cloth to protect your hands and place the fish upright, stomach and cleaning opening down. Press it down gently so that it is firmly set. Reserve. Empty all but 1 12 tablespoons of the oil from the wok.nIn a bowl, combine the sauce ingredients and set aside. Heat the wok for 20 seconds. Add the onion, stir, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the ginger and stir briefly. Add the chilies, carrot, and bamboo shoot. Stir the sauce, add to the wok and cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens. Pour it over the fish, sprinkle with the scallion, garnish with the coriander, and serve., ingredients: [1 whole sea bass or red snapper, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds, cleaned thoroughly, intestines and extra fat removed, washed inside and out, dried well, 1 12 teaspoons Chinese white rice vinegar or distilled vinegar, 2 tablespoons ShaoHsing wine or dry sherry, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup cornstarch, 5 12 cups peanut oil, 2 tablespoons Chinese white rice vinegar or distilled vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons ShaoHsing wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon double dark soy sauce, regular dark soy sauce, or mushroom soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 cup Chicken Stock, 2 tablespoons Sweet Wine Rice, Pinch freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup diced onion, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 2 small fresh Thai chilies, minced, 2 tablespoons diced carrot, 2 tablspoons diced bamboo shoot, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion, 10 sprigs fresh coriander cilantro, for garnish], title: Crisp Swimming Fish, picturelink: null}, 38090: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle.nMelt butter over medium heat in a 3 to 4quart Dutch oven or heavy bottomed saucepan. When it foams, add fennel, onions, and carrots, and cook until just soft and onions are translucent, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and potato, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and stir to coat. Cook, stirring rarely, until mushrooms have let off water and are shrunken, about 6 minutes.nSprinkle flour over vegetables, stir to coat, and cook until raw flavor is gone, about 1 to 2 minutes. Carefully add broth and milk, stirring constantly until mixture is smooth. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nRemove from heat, add peas, herbs, and vinegar, and stir to coat. Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Turn filling into an 8 by 8inch baking dish.nWhisk egg together with 2 teaspoons water and a pinch of salt until evenly mixed. Set aside.nWith kitchen shears, cut dough to fit over the baking dish. Place dough over filling and tuck into the edges of the dish. Brush dough with egg wash and cut slits in the top to vent. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crust is golden brown and mixture is bubbling, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let sit at least 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 small heads fennel, finely chopped about 3 cups, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and finely chopped about 23 cup, 12 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced about 5 cups, 1 small russet potato, peeled and diced small about 2 12 cups, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowsodium mushroom broth, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup frozen baby green peas, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh chives, 14 cup parsley, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 large egg yolk, 7 ounces storebought puff pastry or pie dough, defrosted if frozen], title: Vegetarian Pot Pie, picturelink: DtIAgVxgdcbOP5gaQ0KRLTykTPw.ijW}, 38091: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring, until the fat renders, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour off the fat, leaving about 1 tablespoon in the pan. Add the onion and fennel and cook until the fennel is soft, about 5 minutes. Crush the tomatoes into the pan with your hands, then pour in the juices from the can and bring to a simmer. Fill the empty can with 12 cup of the boiling water and add to the sauce. Stir in the cream and simmer while you cook the pasta.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente. Drain and add to the sauce. Stir in the basil and 12 cup parmesan. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil, season with salt and toss.nOil a 9by13inch baking dish. Layer the pasta, mozzarella, fontina and the remaining 12 cup parmesan in the dish, alternating pasta and cheese. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Bake, uncovered, until browned and bubbly, about 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for greasing, 12 pound pancetta, trimmed of excess fat and diced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces penne, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese about 2 12 ounces, 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese about 8 ounces, 1 34 cups grated fontina cheese about 6 ounces], title: Baked Penne with Fennel, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 38092: {instructions: Heat oil in a large heavy skillet until almost smoking. Carefully add venison meat, chopped onion and chopped garlic, season with salt and pepper and brown the meat, stirring occasionally. Add chili powder, brown sugar and cilantro. Deglaze this with the chicken stock. Removed from heat and allow to cool. Stir in 3 cups of the shredded cheese.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSoften 12 corn tortillas in a microwave oven, wrapped in a damp cloth for 10 to 20 seconds on high, until soft and pliable. Spoon 2 to 3 tablespoons of venison mix into center of tortilla and roll. Place rolled enchiladas into a lightly oiled baking dish, seam side down. Smother with enchilada sauce and sprinkle remaining colbyjack cheese, to taste. Cover and bake for 20 minutes.nRed enchilada sauce:n1 red bell peppern2 cups canola oiln1 12 onions, choppedn6 cloves garlic, choppedn10 6inch corn tortillasn34 cup chili powdern12tablespoon ground cuminn1 tablespoon cocoa powdern2 tablespoons black peppern2 tablespoons saltn12 cup semisweet chocolaten5 cups chicken stockn2 cups brewed coffeen12 cup orange juice concentratenFlameroast bell pepper until skin is blistered, place in a bowl and wrap with plastic. Allow to cool, then peel, seed, and chop. In a heavy bottom skillet, heat canola oil. Saute onion, bell pepper, and garlic until onions are lightly caramelized. Add tortillas torn into pieces. Add chili powder, cumin, cocoa powder, pepper and salt to release oils in the spices, about 1 minute using care not to burn the spices.nAdd chicken stock, coffee and orange juice concentrate. Add chocolate, chopped into pieces. Bring to a boil and simmer for about 45 minutes. Remove from heat, carefully blend smooth in a processor or blender in batches sauce should be smooth but still thick. When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth. Adjust the consistency with additional chicken stock if necessary., ingredients: [2 pounds cubed venison stew meat, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon ground chili powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 12 cup reduced chicken stock, 5 cups shredded colbyjack cheese, 12 corn tortillas, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Red enchilada sauce, recipe follows], title: Venison Enchiladas, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 38093: {instructions: To make the Herbed Fromage Blanc:nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the fromage blanc, herbs, shallot, olive oil, and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container, refrigerated, up to 2 hours before serving.nTo make the Potato Cakes:nHeat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread an even 12inchthick layer of coarse saltnin the bottom of an ovenproof skillet large enough to hold the potatoes. Arrange potatoes in the skillet.nPlace skillet in the oven, and bake 1 hour 10 minutes the potatoes should give easily when squeezed. Remove potatoes from the skillet, and let cool 5 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooling, arrange six double layers of foil each about 4inches square on a baking sheet. Butter 6 3 by 34inch round ring molds place 1 on each square of foil.nTo get the best texture from the potatoes, you must work with them while theyre hot. Peel the potatoes, and place in a wooden bowl. Add 4 tablespoons butter, and crush the potatoes season with salt and pepper. Spoon the potato mixture into the molds, mounding them a little on the tops.nPlace a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the remaining tablespoon butter, and cook until hot. Lifting the foil squares, transfer potato cakes to pan, and invert cakes into hot butter.nCook cakes on both sides just until golden, about 3 to 5 minutes per side. Return the cooked cakes to baking sheet to keep warm.nTo make the Chicken Livers:nRinse the chicken livers under cold running water, and pat them dry between paper towels. Season with salt and pepper. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a saute pan over high heat. When the butter is hot, add livers. Cook 2 minutes on 1 side. Turn over, andnimmediately add the shallot cook 2 minutes more.nAdd vinegar, and boil 1 minute. Remove pan from heat. Reduce heat to low, and return pan to heat with remaining 2 tablespoons butter.nTo assemble the Salad:nPlace salad greens in a large bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Dress with a little olive oil and vinegar.nFor each serving, place a spoonful of fromage blanc on top of a hot, crisp potato cake, and adorn the fromage blanc with the chicken livers. Drizzle the chicken livers with the pan sauce, and put a small mound of salad on the other side. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups fromage blanc, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped tarragon leaves, 1 12 teaspoons finely minced shallot, rinsed in cold water and dried well, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons redwine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Coarse salt, 2 pounds about 5 to 6 Yukon gold potatoes, washed and dried, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for molds, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed and cut in 12, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Salad greens, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, Sherry vinegar], title: Crisp Potato Cake with Chicken Livers and Herbed Fromage Blanc, picturelink: null}, 38094: {instructions: Wash the chard. Cut off the white stalks and trim their ends and any discolored portions. Heat the oil in a covered pan and add the garlic and anchovies, allow this to cook until the anchovies have melted into the oil, about 5 minutes. Cut the chard stalks into 1inch pieces, blanch them in boiling water and refresh under a cold tap. Drain well, add them to the oil and season with the pepper. Cover and cook gently for 10 minutes. If you wish you may add the chard greens at this stage and cook for a further 3 to 5 minutes or you may wish to use the greens for something else., ingredients: [2 pounds Swiss chard, with white stalks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 1 small can anchovies, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Swiss Chard with Garlic and Anchovies, picturelink: null}, 38095: {instructions: Heat the olive oil and chile in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until the chiles start to sizzle and smell fragrant, about 1 minute do not let them brown. Remove the saucepan from the heat and let cool.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two kitchen towels stacked on top of each other and place in the oven. This will keep your cooked pancakes warm.nWhisk the flour, cornstarch, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 1 12 teaspoons salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, melted butter and eggs together in another bowl. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and whisk until ingredients are just incorporated and batter is thick its okay if there are some lumps. Gently stir in 12 teaspoon pepper and all but 2 tablespoons of the herbs. Let the batter rest for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, stir the ricotta, lemon zest, lemon juice and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and pepper together in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Ladle a heaping 14 cup of the batter into the skillet, spreading it into a 4 12inch round repeat to make a second pancake. Cook until pancakes are golden on the bottom and bubbly on top, about 1 minute. Flip the pancakes and cook until the second side is golden and batter is cooked through, about 45 seconds more. Transfer the pancakes to the baking sheet in the oven, tucking them between the kitchen towels. Repeat with the remaining batter to make more pancakes.nPlace 3 pancakes on each plate and top with a large dollop of ricotta. Sprinkle with the reserved herbs and drizzle with the chile oil just before serving., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 medium red Fresno chile, stemmed and thinly sliced crosswise, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 34 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 14 cups milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 large eggs, 34 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, 1 13 cups wholemilk ricotta, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon], title: Green Herb Pancakes with Ricotta and Red Chile Oil, picturelink: qVLFDXJhhCnkZmIRJa3iimfA.cyWJ6}, 38096: {instructions: In a blender or mini food processor, combine the yogurt, buttermilk, mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons of the cilantro, half of the scallions, the garlic, jalapenos, chipotle powder, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Process until smooth.nPut the coleslaw, the remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro and the remaining scallions in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat., ingredients: [13 cup nonfat or lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 5 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14ounce bag coleslaw mix], title: Jalapeno Ranch Slaw, picturelink: Wuc7UpbZOduIHRYOVsZseDhFXCslAma}, 38097: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDrizzle oil into a large pot of boiling salted water. Add the macaroni and cook according to the package directions, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well.nMeanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but donu2019t boil it. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large 4quart pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and stir well. Pour into a 3quart baking dish.nSlice the tomatoes and arrange on top. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, combine them with the fresh bread crumbs, and sprinkle on the top. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbly and the macaroni is browned on the top., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, for water, plus 1 tablespoon for sauce, 1 pound elbow macaroni or cavatappi, 1 quart milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 ounces Gruyere, grated 4 cups, 8 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, grated 2 cups, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 pound fresh tomatoes 4 small, 1 12 cups fresh white bread crumbs 5 slices, crusts removed], title: Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 38098: {instructions: Combine all ingredients for patties in a large mixing bowl and form into 4 patties.nFire up the grill Take a swig out of your beer. Put patties on grill. Cook to desired doneness.nPrepare 4 eggs over easy in pan on grill. Place bacon on grill.nMix all ingredients for salsa in bowl.nPlace croissants on grill and put cheese on the patties.nPut each patty on a croissant, place egg on top, then bacon, then top with as much salsa as you like.nPremake ingredients at home and put in a cooler only takes a few minutes to grill at the ballpark or stadium.nEnjoy with cold beer.nThen finish painting letter on your chest and enjoy the game., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 cup of your buddies favorite beer, Maple syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped marjoram leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme leaves, Garlic salt, Fresh ground pepper, 4 eggs, 8 pieces bacon, 4 croissants, 4 slices sharp cheddar, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 4 serrano peppers, diced, 14 onion, diced, 4 tomatillos, diced, 4 kiwis, diced, Couple sprigs cilantro, leaves chopped], title: Cowtown Breakfast Burger with KiwiSerrano Salsa, picturelink: null}, 38099: {instructions: One day before cooking, season the short ribs liberally with salt. Allow the meat to marinate in the refrigerator, uncovered, overnight.nThe next day, pat the ribs dry with a paper towel. Heat a castiron Dutch oven over mediumhigh to high heat. Add a thin film of canola oil and sear the ribs until brown and crusty, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer the ribs to a plate to rest.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nDrain the scorched oil from the Dutch oven. Add a thin film of fresh canola oil, then add the onion, carrot, celery and garlic. Reduce the heat to medium and sweat the vegetables until translucent, about 5 minutes. Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon to loosen the brown bits. Add the tomatoes and continue to cook until the tomatoes begin to soften and break down, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the red wine, chicken stock and peppercorns, then put the ribs back in the pot. Tie the thyme, rosemary and bay leaves in a piece of cheesecloth and add the herb sachet to the pot.nBring the liquid to a simmer. Partially cover the pot to let some of the liquid evaporate and transfer to the oven. Braise the short ribs until theyre nearly falling apart, about 3 hours. Serve with grits and fried shallots if desired. Garnish with chives, ingredients: [3 to 4 pounds bonein beef short ribs, Kosher salt, Canola oil, as needed, 1 sweet onion, cut into large dice, 1 medium carrot, cut into large dice, 1 stalk celery, cut into large dice, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, 4 Roma tomatoes, cut into large dice, One 750milliliter bottle red wine Bordeaux or Burgundy, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, A few sprigs fresh thyme, A few sprigs fresh rosemary, A few bay leaves, Grits, for serving, Fried shallots, for serving, optional, 3 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Red WineBraised Short Ribs, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}}