{38100: {instructions: Coating:n1 12ounce package chocolate chips, 2 cups dark, semisweet or mini semisweet chocolate chipsn2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons shortening do not use butter, margarine, spread or oilnOptional toppings: whipped cream lightly sweetened with honey and a light dusting unsweetened cocoa powder, for garnishnChill a medium mixing bowl in the refrigerator. Meanwhile, place the cold water in a small bowl, sprinkle with gelatin and let stand 1 minute. Add boiling water and stir until gelatin is dissolved. Set aside. In the chilled bowl, combine the cocoa powder, salt, whipping cream and vanilla until roughly mixed. With an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the cream mixture until it becomes stiff. Do not overbeat or you will end up with chocolate butter. Beat in the gelatin mixture just until combined. Spoon chocolate mousse into decorative molds, dessert dishes or martini glasses. Refrigerate the molds for 1 to 2 hours.nCover a sheet pan with waxed paper. Place chocolate chips and shortening in medium heatproof bowl. In separate large heatproof bowl, add very warm water 100 to 110 degrees F to 1inch depth. Carefully place bowl with chocolate into bowl of water. The water should come halfway up side of chocolate bowl. Stir chocolate and shortening constantly with dry rubber scraper until chocolate and shortening are melted and mixture is smooth. Do not get water into the bowl with chocolate. If water cools, replace it with very warm water as directed above water temperature is important to success. Remove chocolate bowl from inside water bowl. Remove the filling from molds and place on the waxed paper lined sheet pan. Pour chocolate mixture over the filling, and remove excess chocolate from around the filling. Refrigerate coated bombs for 1 to 2 hours before serving. Garnish, as desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cold water, 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons boiling water, 12 cup unsweetened powdered cocoa recommended: Ghirardelli, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup honey], title: Chocolate Bomb, picturelink: null}, 38101: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: six 8ounce custard dishesnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring the cream to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Remove from the heat.nWhisk together the egg yolks and granulated sugar in a medium bowl until they are pale yellow and thickened. Whisk the warm cream into the egg mixture, a small amount at a time. Add the vanilla extract and whisk until mixed in. Pour the custard into six 8ounce custard dishes.nPut the custard dishes in a deep baking dish lined with a tea towel. Pour in boiling water so that it comes halfway up the sides of the custard dishes. Bake until the custard is firm but still wiggles, about 40 minutes. Remove from the water bath and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hournPreheat the broiler. Top each custard with an even layer of turbinado sugar and broil until the sugar melts and bubbles., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 6 large egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup turbinado sugar], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 38102: {instructions: Place the chicken in a very large stockpot or divide by poaching the chickens in 2 pots. Add the peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, onions, lemon slices and herb bundle tied with string. Sprinkle with salt. Cover the chickens with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, a rolling simmer. Simmer 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes, then cool the chickens in their stock. Strain the stock. Remove the skin and bones from the chickens and pull the meat into bitesize pieces., ingredients: [Two 4pound whole chickens, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 large fresh bay leaves, 2 carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 onions, peeled and quartered, 1 lemon, sliced, Herb bundle of fresh parsley, rosemary and thyme, Salt], title: Poached Chickens, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 38103: {instructions: Special equipment: two 16ounce ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nShred the brisket by hand into small pieces and place in a large bowl. Set aside.nHeat a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and allow to melt completely. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Slowly add the flour and cook, stirring, until the flour is golden brown, another 2 minutes.nAdd the chicken broth and mix well. Next, add the red pepper flakes if using. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture starts to thicken to a gravy, about 5 minutes.nSprinkle in the black pepper and mix well. Add the peas, carrots, potatoes and brisket mix well. Let simmer for 5 minutes, then remove from the heat.nFill two 16ounce ramekins with the pot pie mixture and cover with the puff pastry dough. Pinch the dough tight around the edges to seal, then brush with the egg yolk. With a sharp knife, cut a few small slits in the dough.nSet the ramekins on a baking sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake until the crust is golden brown, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound cooked brisket purchased from a deli, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup diced sweet onions, such as Vidalia, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup peas canned or frozen, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced Yukon Gold potatoes, parboiled, 1 package puff pastry dough, cut into 2 large pieces to cover the top of the ramekins, 2 large egg yolks, whisked], title: Holiday Brisket Pot Pie, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 38104: {instructions: Prepare the veal: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, bell peppers and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook until most of the liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes. Stir in the paprika, then add the wine and boil until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth transfer the mixture to a large baking dish.nPat the veal dry sprinkle with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Wipe out the skillet, add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Cook the veal in 2 batches until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side, adding the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil between batches. Transfer the veal to the baking dish, cover with foil and bake until tender, 2 hours to 2 hours, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the vegetables: Heat the sugar and 1 12 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until the sugar melts. Add the cipollini onions and cook, tossing, until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the wine, 14cup water and a pinch of salt. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, partially covered, until tender, about 20 minutes. Uncover and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring until glazed, about 5 more minutes.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the parsley, dill and salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm.nTransfer the veal to an ovenproof platter, cover with foil and keep warm in the oven turn the oven off. Strain the liquid from the baking dish, discarding the solids. Skim off 1 tablespoon fat from the strained liquid transfer the fat to a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Whisk in the liquid and simmer, whisking occasionally, until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Spoon the sauce over the veal and serve with the mushrooms and onionsnPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 2 green bell peppers, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 12 tablespoons sweet Hungarian paprika, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 6 crosscut sections veal shank about 5 pounds, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound cipollini onions, peeled, 12 cup white wine, Kosher salt, 34 pound wild mushrooms, broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Freshly ground pepper], title: Veal Shank Paprikash, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 38105: {instructions: If you like margaritas served in a glass with salt, rub the outside rims of six glasses with a cut lime and dip each glass lightly into a plate of kosher salt.nCombine the lime juice, lemon juice, Triple Sec, and ice in a blender and puree until completely blended. Add the tequila and puree for 2 seconds more. Serve over ice.nIf you prefer frozen margaritas, halve each of the ingredients, double the ice, and blend in two batches. Serve with a cut lime., ingredients: [1 lime, halved, Kosher salt, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 5 limes, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 lemon, 1 cup Triple Sec, 3 cups ice, 1 cup white tequila], title: Real Margaritas, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 38106: {instructions: For the mole: Tear the ancho, anaheim, and chipotle chiles into large pieces and toast them in a dry skillet over medium heat until they change color a bit, about 2 minutes. Put them into a bowl with the raisins and cover them with hot water. Soak unti softened, about 30 minutes. In the same skillet over medium heat, add the almonds, sesame seeds, peppercorns, cinnamon stick, oregano, and thyme. Toast for 2 minutes, grind in a spice grinder, and add the powder to a blender. In the same skillet over mediumhigh heat add the olive oil, onions, garlic, and serrano. Cook until lightly browned, then add the tomatoes. Cook until vegetables are softened, about 10 to 15 minutes, then add to the blender. Add the chocolate and the soaked chiles and raisins to the blender along with some of the chile soaking liquid. Puree, adding more soaking liquid as needed, to make a smooth sauce. This makes about 4 cups sauce, the recipe uses 2 cups, the extra can be frozen.nPour the lemon juice over the chicken and season it well with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavybottomed skillet and brown the chicken on all sides remove the browned chicken to a plate leaving the oil in the pan. Pour 2 cups of the mole sauce into the hot skillet and simmer for about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and return the chicken pieces to the pan. Simmer, covered, until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the onion and radish slices into a bowl. Add the lime juice and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt. Mix well and serve with the chicken.nServe over cooked white rice with the onion and radish salad. Garnish everything with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [2 dried ancho chilies, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried anaheim chilies, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried chipotle chilies, stemmed and seeded, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup whole almonds, 14 cup sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 cinnamon stick, preferably Mexican, broken in pieces, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 onions, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 serrano peppers, stemmed and seeded, 6 plum tomatoes, chopped, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, preferably Mexican, chopped, 1 capon or large chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 lime, juiced, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Cooked white rice, for serving], title: Chicken Mole Poblano, picturelink: null}, 38107: {instructions: Special equipment: two Old Fashioned glassesnPut 2 cubes of brown sugar each in 2 Old Fashioned glasses. Add an ice cube and 2 ounces of rye whiskey and stir until the sugar cubes dissolve. Top each with a lemon twist and a few dashes of bitters. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cubes brown sugar, 4 ounces rye whisky, Ice cubes, 2 lemon twists, 6 dashes Angostura bitters], title: Old Fashioned with Rye, picturelink: lp9vZuVCIjotOQyT1ICB1MhoT9hRife}, 38108: {instructions: Place coffee in blender with ice cream and half and half or milk. Add in a palmful of chocolate covered espresso beans, if you like. Blend until smooth and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup strong coffee, cooled to room temp, 6 big scoops coffee ice cream, 23 tablespoons chocolate covered espresso beans optional, 12 cup half and half or milk], title: WideEye Coffee Shakes, picturelink: f6rdlyIQpfEkgpeMgMXLdLfQ5s4FMDy}, 38109: {instructions: Combine the chile powder, cumin, salt and pepper in a bowl. Set aside.nIn a saute pan over high heat, heat the olive oil until it begins to smoke. Slightly dredge the scallops in the chile mixture on one side only. Place the scallops in the heated pan, chile side down, and cook for 20 seconds. Reduce the heat to low, turn the scallops, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from pan and reserve. In a saucepan over high heat, heat the peanut oil to about 375 degrees, or until a tortilla strip sizzles when it is immersed. Fry the tortilla strips for 10 to 20 seconds, or until crisp, and drain on paper towels.nIn a mixing bowl, dress the greens very lightly with the orange vinaigrette. Combine the greens, mango, and tortilla strips, being careful not to break the strips. Divide among 6 individual plates and surround each portion with 3 cooked scallops., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons ground toasted cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 18 large sea scallops, rinsed and patted dry about 12 pound, 1 cup peanut or vegetable oil, Three 6inch tortillas, preferably blue corn, cut into very thin strips, 2 cups bitter or peppery greens, such as mizuna, arugula, mustard greens, or frisee, 12 cup Orange Vinaigrette, 1 large ripe mango, peeled, seeded and diced], title: Red ChileCrusted Sea Scallops with Mango and Tortilla Salad and Orange Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 38110: {instructions: For the jalapeno pimiento cheese: Drain 1 jar of the pimientos and place in a blender or food processor. Puree until smooth. Drain the second jar. Using an electric mixer, combine the Cheddar, cream cheese, pureed pimentos and diced pimientos, beating until smooth. Add the mayonnaise and jalapenos and mix until fully combined.nFor the fried green tomatoes: Cut the ends off of the tomatoes and slice into 14inchthick slices. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and freshly ground pepper.nIn a shallow bowl, whisk together the flour, cayenne pepper, paprika, 14 teaspoon salt, and a pinch of freshly ground pepper. In a second shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs and buttermilk. In a third shallow bowl whisk together the panko, cornmeal and remaining 12 teaspoon salt.nWorking with one tomato slice at a time, first coat the tomato with the flour mixture, shaking off the excess. Then coat with the egg mixture, followed by the panko mixture. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining tomatoes.nHeat 2 cups oil in a large skillet over medium heat until a pinch of panko sizzles when dropped in. Carefully place some of the tomatoes into the heated oil in a single layer. Fry until golden, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towellined baking sheet. Repeat the frying process with the remaining tomatoes, changing the oil if the particles left in the oil between batches begin to burn.nFor the BPT: Cook the bacon in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until desired crispness, 8 to 10 minutes. Gently spread one side of each slice of bread with the jalapeno pimiento cheese. Arrange the bacon, then the fried green tomatoes and then the lettuce on 4 slices. Top with the remaining slices, and cut each sandwich in half. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Two 7ounce jars diced pimientos, Two 10ounce bricks sharp Cheddar, finely grated, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely diced, 4 medium green tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, 1 34 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 3 large eggs, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup cornmeal, Oil, for frying, 8 slices thickcut applewood smoked bacon, 8 slices white sandwich bread, 1 small head romaine lettuce], title: BPT Bacon, Pimiento and Tomato Sandwich, picturelink: WR8AS9pJ3DFPPIbaRZRSyAO9lFLfSa}, 38111: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBoil sweet potatoes until tender but still firm and allow them to cool. Then peel, slice, and place in a shallow baking dish. Core and slice the apples, then sprinkle salt and lemon juice over them. In a skillet bring butter to a slow sizzle and toss apple slices around in the pan until slightly soft. Arrange apples with the sweet potatoes. Then add molasses to butter remaining in pan and bring to a boil. Pour over apples and sweet potatoes, coating well. Sprinkle brown sugar and pecans on top. Bake for 30 minutes or until brown and bubbly on top., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, 2 large apples, preferably McIntosh, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 5 tablespoons butter, 13 cup molasses, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup chopped pecans], title: Glazed Sweet Potato and Apple Casserole, picturelink: null}, 38112: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, mix goat cheese, tomatoes, shallot, garlic, and the 3 to 4 leaves of basil.nUsing a small sharp knife and working with one chicken breast at a time, cut a 2inchlong horizontal slit into the thick side of chicken breast. Move knife back and forth in slit to form a pocket. Divide cheese mixture among chicken pockets. Press edges closed and secure with a toothpick to seal. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add chicken, skinside down cook for 3 minutes or until skin is brown. Turn chicken over transfer skillet to oven. Bake until cooked through 170 degrees F, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a heavy small saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice. Slice chicken and place on a serving plate. Drizzle lemon butter over chicken. Garnish with additional basil., ingredients: [12 cup goat cheese, 12 cup packed drained, coarsely chopped oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 3 or 4 fresh basil leaves, cut in thin strips, 4 5ounce boneless chicken breast halves with skin, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup butter, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Fresh basil leaves, cut in thin strips], title: Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Goat Cheese, Basil and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 38113: {instructions: Special equipment: spit or rebar, for roasting chickennAbout 2 hours before cooking the chicken, build a fire using lots of kindling and newspaper to get a hot bed of coals going. Oak is a very hard, dense wood and generally needs a good bed of coals to get going.nMeanwhile, mix together 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce, the olive oil and lemon juice. Rub the marinade into the chicken well and allow to sit in a cool spot, out of the sun, for at least 1 hour 30 minutes.nSkewer the chicken onto your spit or rebar about 2 feet above your coals. Rake or shovel the coals to surround the chicken, they should not be directly under the chicken because as the fat renders out it will drip onto the fire and flare up. Start the bird slowly it will need to cook for about 2 hours. As the cooking process starts, melt the butter with the remaining soy sauce and the lemon rinds in a small pot to use for basting.nEvery 15 minutes rake more coals under the bird, rotate it on the spit 90 degrees and baste it using the rosemary as a brush. The rosemary branches can also be set on top of the chicken in between basting. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper.nAfter 1 hour 30 minutes, either build the fire up more to begin to crisp up the skin or move the chicken closer to the coals. As the fire gets hotter you will need to keep a closer eye on the chicken as not to burn it and turn more frequently.nWhen the thighs are pulling away from the body of the bird and the breast is firm to the touch with crispy skin, rake the coals away, raise the bird and allow to cool for at least 15 minutes.nServe with salsa verde and roasted potatoes., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, rinds reserved, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 long sprigs fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Salsa verde and roasted potatoes, for serving], title: Spit Roasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38114: {instructions: To make the dough, dissolve the yeast and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in 12 cup lukewarm water. Set aside for about 5 minutes until foamy. Meanwhile, warm the milk in a saucepan. Add the butter, remaining sugar, and salt, and stir until dissolved. Remove from the heat.nSift 3 cups of flour into a large bowl. Add the yeast, warm milk mixture, and the egg, and stir to make a dough. Knead for 10 minutes on a lightly floured board, incorporating more dough as necessary, until the dough is soft, silky, and pliable. Form into a ball. Place in a buttered bowl and turn to coat the dough all over. Cover with plastic wrap and leave to rise until twice its original size. This will take about 2 hours. At this point, the dough can be left overnight in the fridge, ready to use the next morning. When well risen, punch down the dough, then leave to rest for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, butter a baking sheet. Prepare filling by mixing the sugar, cinnamon, and nuts in a small bowl.nRoll out the dough into a rectangle measuring about 12 x 9 inches. Brush with the melted butter. Sprinkle the filling mixture over the dough, pressing it in slightly. Roll up the dough like a jelly roll, starting at one long side. Using a sharp knife, cut the roll across into 12 equal slices. Arrange the rolls, cutside up, on the prepared baking sheet. Allow to rise, covered, for at least 40 minutes until doubled in size.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake for 1520 minutes, or until well risen and golden. While the buns are in the oven, prepare the glaze and get the coffee started. Sift the confectioners sugar into a bowl. Whisk in the melted butter and enough milk to make a thick but pourable mixture. When the buns are ready, remove from the oven. Pour the glaze over them and leave to set for a few minutes before devouring., ingredients: [2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 124 cups allpurpose flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 cup chopped pecan nuts, lightly toasted, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 3 tablespoons milk], title: Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: null}, 38115: {instructions: Trim broccoli, reserving stems for another use, and cut florets into 1inch pieces. There should be about 5 cups.nTrim cauliflower and cut florets into 1inch pieces. There should be about 5 cups.nIn a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook vegetables until crisptender, 2 to 5 minutes. In a colander drain vegetables and refresh under cold water to stop cooking. Drain vegetables well. Vegetables may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nIn a large heavy skillet heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until foam begins to subside and saute bread crumbs, stirring, until golden. Stir in Parmesan, cayenne and salt to taste and saute, stirring, until crisp. Bread crumbs may be prepared 3 days ahead and kept in an airtight container.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn skillet melt remaining tablespoon butter over moderate heat and in it toss vegetables with salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle vegetables with bread crumbs and toss to combine. Transfer mixture to a baking dish and bake, uncovered, 10 minutes, or until just heated through., ingredients: [1 12 bunches broccoli about 1 12 pounds, 1 large head cauliflower about 2 pounds, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch slices on a diagonal, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups very coarse dry bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon cayenne], title: Broccoli, Cauliflower and Carrots with Parmesan Bread Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 38116: {instructions: Mix the flour, baking powder, salt, and white pepper in large bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix until well blended.nIn a pot fitted with a oil thermometer, heat the canola oil to 350 degrees. Using a 12 cup measure, scoop some clamcake mixture and carefully drop clamcakes into the hot oil. Deep fry in canola oil until golden brown., ingredients: [2 12 pounds flour, 12 cup baking powder, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon white pepper, 2 extra large eggs, 1 12 pints chopped quahogs, 1 12 pints quahog clam juice, 12 ounces beer, Canola oil, for frying], title: Clamcakes, picturelink: null}, 38117: {instructions: Whisk the flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, the cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Add the melted butter and eggs and stir until combined. Cover and refrigerate the dough until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Place the confectioners sugar and the remaining 12 cup granulated sugar in 2 separate small bowls. Roll scant tablespoonfuls of dough into balls roll in the granulated sugar and then in the confectioners sugar. Place 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Lightly flatten each ball with your fingers and make a deep 12inchwide indentation in the centers with your thumb. Place your choice of filling in the indentation. Bake the cookies until puffed and slightly cracked, about 10 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, plus 12 cup for rolling, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup confectioners sugar, Sprinkles, mini marshmallows, mini candies or dried fruit for filling], title: Cocoa Thumbprints, picturelink: aGdQ4rC6Otl3usGCHUiy9U3ALi8kJOO}, 38118: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients, cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 large heads cabbage, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 green or red bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon celery seed, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 carrots, shredded, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar], title: Cheryls Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 38119: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine ricotta cheese, chocolate chips, and 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, and sweetener, and mix well.nSplit hot dog bun open lengthwise, without fully separating the 2 halves. Spoon ricotta mixture onto the bottom half of the bun. Gently press the top 12 down over the filling. Carefully slice into 4 nuggets.nMix egg substitute, cinnamon, and remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla extract in a small bowl. Set aside.nBring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat. Add butter and allow to coat the bottom of the skillet. Meanwhile, coat each nugget on all sides with the egg mixture. You wont need to use all of the egg mixture.nOnce butter has melted, place nuggets in the skillet and, flipping occasionally, cook until golden brown on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes.nPlate your nuggets and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Top with syrup, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 tablespoons fatfree ricotta cheese, 2 teaspoons mini semisweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 nocalorie sweetener packet, 1 light hot dog bun about 80 calories, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons light whipped butter or light buttery spread, 12 teaspoon powdered sugar, Sugarfree pancake syrup, for topping, optional], title: CannoliStuffed French Toast Nuggets, picturelink: tqR54t2g8L5saUkwafg7c0f4v6Rvnd6}, 38120: {instructions: In a medium pot heat canola oil to at least 375 degrees. Using hot water to keep the knife clean cut the goat cheese log into 1inch circles. Have 3 separate dishes, one with the flour, one with 2 eggs beaten, and 1 with the breadcrumbs. Dip one round first into the flour and shake off the excess. Next dip the round into the beaten egg, and then into the breadcrumbs. Repeat process until all rounds are coated with the breadcrumbs. Carefully fry the rounds in the oil until golden brown, approximately 30 seconds. Drain rounds on paper towels. Serve rounds topped with a little honey., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 1 log fresh goats milk cheese, 1 cup flour, 2 eggs beaten, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, Honey for dipping], title: Fried Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 38121: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 mango, pitted and peeled, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lime zest, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 2 sprigs fresh mint, leaves minced], title: Mint Mango Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38122: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare pizza dough and roll it out to fit a 14inch pan. Spread My Marinara over the dough. In a skillet, saute the mushrooms in the olive oil. Spread the mushrooms on top of the sauce and cover them with dollops of the roasted garlic. Sprinkle all over with the cheeses and bake until all of the cheese melts, about 15 minutes.nMix the yeast, sugar and water in a small bowl. Proof the yeast by letting it stand 5 to 10 minutes until bubbles form. Sift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the oil and yeast mixture to the dry ingredients. With a wooden spoon, mix thoroughly until the dough is smooth. After the dough forms, continue kneading and working until all of the flour is incorporated and the texture is smooth. Let the dough rest in an oiled mixing bowl for 20 to 30 minutes. Punch down before rolling.nSaute the onion, garlic and the red bell pepper in the oil in a large pot for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the mushrooms, canned tomatoes with the juice, and the fresh tomatoes, stirring well to combine all ingredients. Add the olives, the stir in the tomato paste. Sprinkle the sugar, salt, pepper, oregano and basil over the mixture, and place the bay leaves in the pot. Mix well. Bring the mixture to a boil, lower to simmer, cover and cook about 2 hours. Remove the bay leaves before serving., ingredients: [1 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 12 cup My Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 10 ounces mixed exotic mushrooms shiitake, oyster, any wild mushrooms available, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 garlic cloves, roasted, 3 ounces Gruyere cheese, 3 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated, 3 ounces Swiss cheese, grated, 1 package yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup warm water, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Dash of salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium to large onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 4ounce can mushroom pieces, drained, 1 24ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped, juice reserved, 1 pound fresh tomatoes, diced, 1 4ounce can ripe olives, diced, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 2 bay leaves], title: Wild Mushroom Pizza, picturelink: null}, 38123: {instructions: Soak 8 6inch bamboo skewers in water for 1 hour. Prepare a charcoal or gas grill.nUsing a soaked skewer, thread the skewer through the onion horizontally to hold the onion rings in place. Repeat with remaining skewers.nBrush onions and fennel lightly on both sides with olive oil season with salt and pepper. Grill over mediumhigh heat, turning occasionally, until tender and caramelized., ingredients: [2 large Vidalia onions, peeled and sliced crosswise into 12inch rounds, 2 medium bulbs fennel, sliced in half lengthwise, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Fennel and Onions, picturelink: XwSvQknh6UuYq.sOv1q.9LQjRcr3Ly}, 38124: {instructions: Set a large pot over high heat and add the milk, cream, salt, thyme and bay leaves. Peel and cut the turnips into 1inch chunks. Add to the pot and cover partially with a lid. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the turnips for 30 minutes.nCut the potatoes into 1inch chunks. After the turnips have cooked for 30 minutes it takes longer than the potatoes to cook, add the potatoes and continue to simmer until all the vegetables are very tender, about 20 more minutes the tip of a paring knife should go through with little resistance. Discard the bay leaves and thyme. Drain the turnips and potatoes, reserving 2 cups of cooking liquid, and then mash. Add the cooking liquid and butter. Mix well and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 cups whole milk, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 pounds turnips, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Creamy Mashed Root Vegetables, picturelink: JCU2WZqqujB1Ic8PtJhRMWUP3yTVyW}, 38125: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery, onions and some salt and pepper and saute until just starting to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, stir to combine and saute until fragrant and softened, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the turkey, cheese, breadcrumbs, thyme, sage, rosemary, egg, salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper and the cooked veggie mixture and mix with your hands.nSpray a standard 9inch loaf pan with nonstick spray and fill with the mixture. Bake for 35 minutes. Remove the pan and spread 1 cup of the Fig Catsup over the top of the meatloaf. Bake until slightly firm and the turkey is cooked through, 15 to 20 more minutes.nServe with Fig Catsup on the side.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the figs and tomatoes skinside down on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until they start to brown and soften, about 40 minutes. Cool, and then remove the tomato skins.nIn a food processor, combine the figs, tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, sorghum, chili paste, coriander, cumin and cinnamon and pulse until combined.nPut this mixture in a saucepan with the bay leaf and cook over mediumhigh heat until the mixture begins to boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring often, until it thickens and reduces by a third, about 30 minutesit will be thick enough so that when you stir it, youll be able to see the bottom of the pot. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds ground turkey 1 pound lean breast meat and 1 pound thigh meat, 12 cup grated hard cheese, such as ParmesanGouda blend, 13 cup plain breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 large egg, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying pan, Fig Catsup, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh figs, quartered, 8 ounces Roma tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup sorghum syrup, 1 teaspoon Thaistyle chili paste, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 fresh bay leaf, Salt], title: Turkey Meatloaf with Fig Catsup, picturelink: null}, 38126: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line 2 cookie trays with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Spread the pine nuts onto a jellyroll pan lined with waxed or parchment paper.nBreak the almond paste into chunks and place in the bowl of a food processor. Add the sugar and process until the mixture is homogenous, stopping once to scrape down the bowl using a rubber spatula. Add the egg whites and process until smooth. Scrape again and process for a few more seconds.nThe mixture will be sticky, but with a light touch and moist hands it can be gently rolled. Keep a damp towel nearby to wipe and wet your hands. Using damp hands, round the mix into scant 1inch balls and drop the balls onto the tray of pine nuts. Once you have 3 to 4 balls formed, roll them in the nuts to cover completely. Place about 16 balls 1 12inches apart on the prepared baking sheets.nBake the first tray while preparing the second, until the cookies are pale golden, and puffy, about 25 minutes. Place the baking sheets on wire cooling racks and cool the cookies completely before lifting them off. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 days, or freeze for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 cups 10 ounces untoasted pine nuts, 8 ounces almond paste, 1 cup superfine sugar, 2 large egg whites, room temperature], title: AlmondPine Nut Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 38127: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit.nHeat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream and 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. tightly cover with plastic wrap. Allow to heat for 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth. Set aside until needed.nPlace the eggs, sugar and vanilla extract in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle. Beat on medium until lemoncolored and slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Add the melted chocolate mixture and beat on medium for 15 to 20 seconds more. Add the cake flour, baking soda and chocolate chips, and beat on low for 10 seconds. Increase to medium and beat for an additional 10 seconds. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Use a rubber spatula and thoroughly combine the batter.nEvenly divide the mixture into 18 bake cups that have already been positioned into muffin tins, filling the cups to within 14 below the rim. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature.nHeat 12 cup heavy cream in a 1 12quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil. Place 6 ounces semisweet chocolate in a stainless steel bowl. Pour the boiling cream over the chocolate and allow to stand for 5 minutes. Stir with a whisk until smooth.nOne at a time, dip the top of each of Grannys cupcakes into the chocolate icing. Sprinkle the grated white chocolate over the icing on each cupcake, and refrigerate for 30 minutes to set the icing.nAllow the cupcakes to come to room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [10 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 5 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, Icing, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces], title: Granny Twichells Secret Chocolate Cupcake Recipe, picturelink: null}, 38128: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake pans with paper liners. Sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt together into a bowl. Whisk together the sugar, milk, oil, vanilla, eggs and egg yolk. Whisk into the dry ingredients slowly, followed by the boiling water, just to combine.nPour into the cupcake pans and bake for about 18 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the carrot ganache: Whisk together the cream cheese, carrot juice and sugar in a large saucepan until smooth. Place over low heat until just boiling.nPlace the white chocolate in a large bowl and pour the hot carrot mixture over. Mix well until all the chocolate has melted. Stir in the cinnamon, vanilla and ginger. Let cool.nFor the chocolate ganache: Combine the cream, sugar and cayenne in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Combine the chocolate and butter in a bowl. Whisk the hot cream into the chocolate until smooth, then cover with plastic wrap.nFor assembly: Use a melon baller to scoop out the center of each cupcake and fill with carrot ganache. Frost with the chocolate ganache and sprinkle each cupcake with some cayenne pepper. Garnish with a marzipan carrot., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cocoa powder, such as Valrhona, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups organic sugar, 1 cup organic milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 organic eggs, 1 organic egg yolk, 1 cup boiling water, 34 cup fullfat cream cheese, 12 cup fresh organic carrot juice, 13 cup light brown muscovado sugar, 9 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon organic ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon organic ground ginger, 2 cups organic heavy cream, 2 ounces organic sugar, 14 teaspoon organic cayenne pepper, 18 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 ounces unsalted organic butter, Cayenne pepper, for garnish, Marzipan carrots, for garnish], title: Black Out Cupcake, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 38129: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir together the flour, paprika, sugar, baking powder and salt. Using a flat beater attachment on an electric mixer, work in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in the corn, onion, garlic, jalapeno, sage, and cream and to form a soft dough. Knead for about 10 seconds, then lightly flour, and pat out 34 inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour until firm. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Cut out 2 14 inch round biscuits and arrange them at 2inch intervals on a nonstick or parchment lined cookie sheet. If necessary, gently pat the scraps together, rechill for 10 minutes and cut more biscuits to make a total of 8.nBake the biscuits for 20 minutes, or until slightly tanned and springy. Set the cookie sheet on a rack to cool., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon sweet Szegedy paprika, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces cold butter, cut into peasized bits, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, 14 cup minced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small jalapeno, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 12 cup cream], title: Paprika Biscuit Tops, picturelink: null}, 38130: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the Campari and red grapefruit and shake. Pour into 2 glasses filled with ice. Top off with some club soda and garnish with an orange peel. Serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 2 shots Campari, 2 splashes red grapefruit juice, 2 splashes club soda, 2 orange peels], title: Campari Squeeze, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 38131: {instructions: Slice fish across the grain into thin 14inch thick pieces about 2inches long by 1inch wide. Lay out the seaweed and have the cornstarch slurry ready. Place a slice of fish across the fingers of your left hand just above the palm if you are right handed, dab 116th teaspoon wasabi on the fish and add 2 tablespoons rice on top of the fish. Squeeze and form the sushi. Place the sushi, rice side down on top of a band of nori. Using your fingers moisten the tips of the nori with some of the cornstarch mixture and fold the band of nori upon itself to adhere. Keep sushi cold until serving.nNote: This recipe can be used in conjunction with the other recipes for the elements of the Bento Box of sushi hors doeuvres made on the episode which also included: Traditional Osaka Style Sushi, Rice Balls, and Maki. Also refer to the Sushi Rice recipe as needed., ingredients: [1 pound sushi quality tuna, salmon, yellowtail, or snapper, 2 sheets nori, cut into 24 strips 12inch wide and 5inches in length, 2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons cold water, 1 12 teaspoons wasabi, 3 cups prepared vinegared sushi rice], title: Nigiri Sushi, picturelink: null}, 38132: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Dredge the geoduck scaloppine in the seasoned flour, quickly shaking off excess, and carefully placing them into hot oil. Add only as many as the pan will comfortably hold at one time. Allow to brown on first side, approximately 2 minutes, and then turn over gently with metal tongs. Cook for 1 12 to 2 minutes, then remove the scaloppine to a warm serving platter. Continue to do the same with all the pieces of geoduck. Set aside and keep warm without cooking further.nPour off any excess oil from the pan. Add the sake, ajimirin, garlic, and ginger. Reduce over high heat until reduced by 75 percent, the liquid remaining in pan should become almost syrupy. Add the butter, remove from the heat, and swirl the softened butter into the liquid, forming an emulsion. Add lemon juice and blend thoroughly. Arrange the geoduck attractively and then evenly nap the sauce over the scalloppine. Sprinkle with cilantro and garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 ounces peanut oil, 12 2ounce pieces geoduck scaloppine, 14inch thick, cut from body meat, Seasoned flour, enough to lightly coat geoduck pieces, 1 cup sake, 6 ounces ajimirin, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon peeled, minced ginger, 4 ounces butter, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 2 teaspoons minced cilantro, Lemon wedges], title: PanAsian Geoduck Scaloppine, picturelink: null}, 38133: {instructions: Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with an orange peelnShake all ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled martini glass. Dust with nutmegnShake all ingredients with ice and strain into a high ball glass over ice. Dust with Nutmeg, ingredients: [2 ounces Bacardi Spice Rum, 1 ounce cranberry juice, 14 ounce Orange Curacao, 14 ounce Pimento Liqueur, 1 ounce vodka, 1 ounce Frangelico, 1 ounce Baileys, 12 ounce Dark Creme de Cacao, 1 12 ounces Brandy, 1 teaspoon brown sugar dissolved in one teaspoon of water, 4 to 5 ounces plain milk, pinch nutmeg], title: Holiday Drinks, picturelink: null}, 38134: {instructions: Combine juices, garlic, chile flakes, oregano, and oil in a mixing bowl. Pour over veal and marinate. Heat grill to medium and grill steak to desired temperature., ingredients: [10 oranges, juiced, 5 limes, juiced, 12 ounce chopped garlic, Pinch chile flakes, 1 ounce fresh oregano, 12 cup olive oil, 24 ounces veal flank steak], title: Adobo Grilled Veal Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 38135: {instructions: For the fried fish: Add the eggs to a shallow baking dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pulse the crackers to a powder in a food processor spread out on a plate. On a separate plate, spread the panko and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Dip the fish pieces first in the egg, then in the crackers, back into the egg and, finally, into the panko. As you finish with each piece, place the breaded fish on a wire rack set into a baking sheet. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 to 5 hours.nAdd 2 to 3 inches of peanut oil to a large, heavy pot set over mediumhigh heat. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. In batches, fry the fish until cooked through and golden, about 4 minutes. Drain the fish on a wire rack and season with salt.nFor the garlic butter bread: Mix together the butter, garlic, salt and pepper until well blended butter the insides of potato buns with the mixture. Toast the buns until golden.nSet the fried fish in a roasting pan and top each piece with a slice of American cheese. Run under the broiler for 30 to 40 seconds, just until the cheese has melted.nTo assemble, smear the insides of the buns with some Tartar Slaw, and add the fish. Serve with extra slaw on the side.nGrate the onion and pickles on a box grater. Transfer to a strainer and squeeze out excess moisture. Combine the grated onions and pickles in a large mixing bowl with the mayonnaise, mustard and cayenne. Mix well and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to use., ingredients: [3 eggs, beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups salted crackers about 1 sleeve, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, One 1 12pound boneless, skinless white fish fillet, such as cod or yellowtail snapper, cut into eight 3ounce pieces, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 3 cloves garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 potato buns, split, 8 slices American cheese, 1 cup Tartar Slaw, recipe follows, 12 sweet onion, such as Vidalia, 3 large kosher dill pickles, 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jimmys Fried Fish Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 38136: {instructions: In a medium heavybottomed pot set over medium heat, add the onions, jalapenos, garlic, butter, oil, salt and pepper. Sweat the vegetables until tender. Add the stock, tomatoes, chili powder, adobo sauce, salt, tomato paste, chipotle powder, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, sugar and cumin. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.nAdd the brisket to the chili. In a small bowl, whisk the maseca into 1 cup warm water to make a slurry. Add the slurry to the chili. Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes, stirring often to avoid letting the meat settle on the bottom.nCut open a bag of chips from the top or side, ladle in some chili over the chips. Repeat for the remaining bags of chips and chili. Top with some Cheddar, red onions, some jalapenos for more heat and maybe even a dollop of sour cream Mix it up and eat, ingredients: [2 cups finely diced onions, 34 cup seeded and chopped jalapenos, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil or canola oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 32 ounces homemade or storebought beef stock, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 5 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles in adobo, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons chipotle powder, 1 12 teaspoons granulated garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons granulated onion powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 pound chopped cooked brisket, 2 tablespoon maseca corn flour, 16 to 20 2ounce bags corn chips, such as Fritos, Serving suggestions: shredded Cheddar, diced red onions, fresh sliced jalapenos and sour cream], title: Fox Bros. BarBQ Brisket Chili, picturelink: null}, 38137: {instructions: In a 2cup glass measuring cup, whisk together the vinegar, Dijon mustard, whole grain mustard, garlic, egg yolk, salt, and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. You should have about 23 cup vinaigrette.nWhen ready to serve, place the salad greens in a bowl and pour on enough vinaigrette to moisten. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sparkling wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon whole grain mustard, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 extralarge egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, Baby salad greens for 6 to 8], title: Green Salad and Napa Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: bVo7248h57VcgF3FSESYAG58DfbXU2}, 38138: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the shrimp and artichokes: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet, toss the shrimp with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the lemon juice and butter and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast until just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the remaining 14 cup olive oil over medium heat. Add the artichokes and cook until seared and just browned, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic. Add the wine and cook until reduced slightly, 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and bring to a slow simmer. Cook until the artichokes are tender and the liquid is reduced by half. Season the mixture with salt and pepper.nFor the pasta: Meanwhile, bring a medium stockpot of salted water to a rolling boil. Boil the pasta until cooked, about 2 minutes or according to package instructions. Remove the pasta from the water and toss directly into the artichoke pan along with 12 cup of the pasta cooking water. Cook and reduce the liquid, tossing the pasta, until the pasta is coated with the sauce. Remove from the heat and add the cheese and black pepper. Add the roasted shrimp and its juices, lemon zest, butter, lemon juice, parsley and salt to taste. Toss the pasta until the butter has emulsified. Plate and serve., ingredients: [10 jumbo shrimp U12, peeled and cleaned, cut in half lengthwise, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 artichokes, cleaned and chokes removed, cut into wedges, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, Salt, 1 pound fresh tagliatelle, 23 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, Freshly ground black pepper, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Shrimp and Artichoke Tagliatelle with Black Pepper and Pecorino, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 38139: {instructions: Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat mist with cooking spray. Add the sausage cook, turning 2 or 3 times, until warmed through and browned, about 8 minutes.nThread 1 small or 12 large basil leaf onto a small wooden skewer. Add a piece of roasted red pepper, sundried tomato, artichoke and sausage, arranging them on the skewer so that it can stand up on the sausage end. Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make about twodozen skewers.nPhotograph by Lara RobbyStudio D, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 ounces fully cooked Italianstyle poultry sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup lightly packed fresh basil, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, rinsed and cut into 1inch pieces, 23 cup sundried tomatoes, cut into 1inch pieces if large, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and quartered], title: Antipasto Sausage Skewers, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 38140: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the bread with enough milk to just cover and let the bread soak for 10 minutes. Squeeze dry and chop fine. In a bowl, combine the bread with the meat, garlic, parsley, Romano cheese, eggs, and salt and pepper to taste. Form into 12 to 14 meatballs, about 2 12 inches in diameter, and chill until ready to cook. In a large saucepan or casserole set over moderate, heat the oil until hot. Add the meatballs and cook them until theyre browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup cubed stale bread Italian bread, Milk for soaking the bread, 1 pound lean ground beef, such as sirloin, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup freshly grated Romano cheese, 2 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 38141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the peppercorns in a mortar and pestle and crush them until you have a mixture of coarse and fine bits. You can also grind them in a small food mill or coffee grinder. Set aside.nFill a large, heavybottomed pot with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon salt and the pasta and cook according to the directions on the package until al dente. Ladle 1 cup of the pasta cooking water into a glass measuring cup and reserve it. Drain the pasta quickly in a colander and return the pasta to the pot with a lot of the pasta water still dripping.nWorking quickly, with the heat on very low, toss the pasta with 12 cup of the grated Pecorino, the crushed peppercorns, cream, butter, parsley, and 1 teaspoon salt, tossing constantly. If the pasta seems dry, add some of the reserved cooking water. Off the heat, toss in the remaining 12 cup Pecorino. Serve immediately with a big bowl of extra grated Pecorino for sprinkling., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole black Tellicherry peppercorns, Kosher salt, 12 pound dried Italian egg pasta, such as tagliarelle, 1 cup freshly grated aged Pecorino cheese 4 ounces, plus extra for serving, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Pasta with Pecorino and Pepper, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 38142: {instructions: Cook 2 cups orzo in salted boiling water until al dente, about 8 minutes drain. Chop 6 scallions cook just the white parts in a skillet with olive oil until tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in the orzo, 2 cups chicken broth, the scallion greens and a handful each of chopped parsley and dill season with salt and pepper. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in 14 cup grated parmesan.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Orzo with Herbs, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 38143: {instructions: Tidbit: Panzanella, stale bread salad, requires that you soak and wring out the bread before assembling the salad. If you make this with fresh crusty bread or the bread has staled a bit but not hardened, the juice from the tomatoes should be enough to tenderize the breads crusty edges.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh and oven to 425 degrees F.nUsing a damp towel, brush mushroom caps to clean. Using a pastry brush, coat the caps with extravirgin olive oil and grill with lid down or roast about 5 to 6 minutes, turning once, until tender but still firm at center.nWring the spinach out in a clean kitchen towel. Separate the spinach with your fingers and combine with artichokes, ricotta cheese, egg yolk, grated garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, and nutmeg.nRemove mushroom caps from grill.nTo portioncontrol the filling, divided the stuffing into 4 parts then just split each of those evenly between 2 caps. Sprinkle the caps with Parmigiano and cook 5 to 6 minutes more in the preheated oven to set filling and lightly brown tops.nDo not seed tomatoes. Chop and place in a salad bowl. Add basil, bread, onions, 14 cup EVOO, lots of salt and pepper and toss with your hands to combine.nServe 2 caps with a pile of salad alongside, if desired, per person., ingredients: [8 portabello mushroom caps, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing mushrooms, plus 14 cup, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted, 1 can quartered artichoke hearts, drained well, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1 clove garlic, grated with microplane or small side box grater, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, about 18 teaspoon, 12 cup ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, about 20, torn, 4 cups crusty bread, torn or coarsely chopped, 1 small red onion, very thinly sliced], title: Spinach and Artichoke Stuffed Portabello Mushrooms with Tomato and Bread Salad, picturelink: fl5wrj4hb9c8QbYq9oWCYbn3qpquAqK}, 38144: {instructions: Rub the cheese through a sieve to make smooth. Whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks with the sugar and fold into the cheese. Add lemon zest if using. Beat the egg whites to stiff peaks and fold them in to the mixture as well. Turn the mixture into cheeseclothlined heart molds these are porcelain with perforated bottoms, available in specialty kitchenware shops. Set on a rack set in a casserole dish or on a baking pan, cover and refrigerate overnight to drain.nJust before serving, unmold. Serve with more sweetened heavy cream poured over, and berries.nCooks Note: If you do not have a coeur a la creme mold, simply line a fine mesh sieve with cheesecloth and set over a bowl. It may not be heartshaped but it will taste just as delicious.nFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. For recipes that call for eggs that are raw or undercooked when the dish is served use shell eggs that have been treated to destroy Salmonella, by pasteurization or another approved method., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml mascarpone or whipped cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup125 ml heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, Zest of 1 lemon, optional, 2 egg whites, Fresh berries, for serving], title: Coeur a la Creme, picturelink: null}, 38145: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, place the potatoes and cover with cold salted water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain.nUsing a ricer, rice the potatoes onto a parchmentlined baking sheet in an even layer dont pile the riced potatoes into mounds. Set aside to cool.nTransfer the potatoes to a large bowl and, using a rubber spatula, gently mix in the flour, yolks, salt, nutmeg, and pepper until just combined and a soft dough is formed. Dont over mix the dough or the gnocchi will be unpleasantly dense.nOn a wellfloured work surface, turn out the potato dough, and divide into 6 equal parts. With the palms of both hands gently roll each part into a rope 34inch in diameter. Using a sharp knife cut each rope on an angle into 34inchlong pieces.nShape the gnocchi: Hold a salad fork in one hand so it rests on the work surface at a 45degree angle with the tines curving up. Place a piece of the dough at the top of the tines and hold it in place with your free thumb. In one gentle motion, quickly press and roll the dough along the tines. The gnocchi should have a small dent in one side and shallow grooves on the other, perfectly suited for holding a sauce. Repeat with the remaining pieces and transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet pan. Store in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours before cooking.nWhen ready to serve, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. In a medium skillet, over mediumhigh, heat the heavy cream until just hot. Remove from the heat and whisk in the pesto. Using a rubber spatula, scrape the pesto mixture into a large bowl. Set aside in a warm spot.nAdd half the gnocchi to the boiling water and cook for 1 12 minutes or until they rise to the top. Take care not to overcook the gnocchi or they can disintegrate during cooking. Using a slotted spoon or strainer, transfer the gnocchi to the bowl with the pesto and toss. Repeat with the remaining gnocchi. If the sauce seems too tight, add some of the cooking water a tablespoon at time until a saucy consistency is reached. Season with pepper to taste. Divide among warm bowls and serve immediately.nIn a food processor, combine the basil, pine nuts, Parmesan, garlic, and salt and puree. While the motor is running, drizzle in the oil until incorporated. Season with pepper to taste. Use immediately or store in the refrigerator with a piece of plastic wrap placed right on the surface of the pesto to prevent discoloration, for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to 1 month.nYield: about 23 cup, ingredients: [4 large waxystyle potatoes about 2 12 pounds, peeled and cut into sixths, 114 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Generous pinch freshly ground nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 Basil Pesto recipe about 13 cup, recipe follows, 2 cups loosely packed basil leaves, washed and dried thoroughly, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Gnocchi with Pesto, picturelink: null}, 38146: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, shallot, and mustard. Whisk in olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Gently toss mache with the vinaigrette. Carefully place mache into the frico tacos and serve. Assemble as close to serving time as possible.nIn a medium bowl, toss cheese and flour together. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Sprinkle 1 12 tablespoons of the cheese mixture into the pan to form a circle about 4 inches in diameter. Cook until the cheese is somewhat melted but not firm, about 2 minutes. Using a spatula, turn the cheese over, and cook until it is visibly firm and just taking on a little color, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer the frico from the pan to a paper towel, and hold it in the palm of your hand. Press an offset spatula down the middle to form a taco shape. Transfer to paper towels to cool. Repeat with remaining cheese. Store at room temperature in an airtight container for 2 to 3 days. Note: Can also be made with cheddar, Gruyere or Parmesan cheese.nYield: 2 dozen 4inch fricos, ingredients: [4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 small shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 small bunches mache, stems removed to yield about 2 cups leaves, 1 recipe Asiago Frico, shaped into 2 dozen taco shells, recipe follows, 9 ounces Asiago cheese, grated on the fine holes of a box grater to yield 3 12 cups, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour], title: Frico Tacos with Mache, picturelink: null}, 38147: {instructions: Over mediumhigh heat, in medium saute pan, heat the butter and sage leaves until the butter becomes a dark brown color, verging on being burnt. Remove from heat and discard sage leaves. Let cool slightly. Whisk together the salt, pepper, red wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar and cooked sage butter in a medium mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in 14 cup of grapeseed oil until well blended.nArrange the sliced tomatoes and mozzarella cheese, on a serving dish, in circular design alternating between the tomatoes and cheese, leaving a portion of each slice exposed. Drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons of grapeseed oil, the raspberries, gooseberries, and feta cheese. Evenly pour the vinaigrette over the salad. Garnish with mint leaves and serve., ingredients: [14 pound unsalted butter 1 stick, 4 to 5 fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup grapeseed oil, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 4 large vineripe tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 5 to 6 fresh mozzarella balls, thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh raspberries, 14 cup fresh gooseberries or blackberries, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 6 fresh mint leaves, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Mozzarella, Raspberry and Gooseberry Salad, picturelink: null}, 38148: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 1 inch of water to a boil in a highsided saute pan. If using fresh beans, cut them lengthwise while you wait for the water to boil.nAdd salt and green beans to boiling water and cook until just tender. Drain beans and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Return the skillet to medium heat and add the butter. When butter is melted, add the almonds and cook until golden brown.nReturn the green beans to the pan, along with the juice of 12 a lemon, add salt and pepper, to taste. When warmed through, top with fried onions., ingredients: [1 pound fresh green beans or frozen Frenchcut green beans, Salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup slivered almonds 2ounce package, 12 lemon, juiced, Ground black pepper, 1 can fried onions], title: French Cut Green Beans with Almonds and Fried Onions, picturelink: 3vsuqcq0yLYjGrltVtdhoNW9eTsVq..}, 38149: {instructions: For the Sauteed Croutons: Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, to flavor the oil. Remove the garlic, add the bread cubes and toss to coat. Saute until golden brown on all sides, season lightly with salt. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.nFor the Soup: Heat oil in a 4 quart pot, add the onion, celery, garlic, carrot and pancetta and cook until soft. Add the cabbage, chard, potato, water, broth, tomatoes and bouquet garni. Bring the soup to a gentle simmer and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Place half of the beans 1 12 cups in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the puree and the whole beans to the simmering soup. Simmer the soup for about 5 minutes. Add the spinach and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Ladle the soup into bowls, garnish with sauteed croutons and cheese., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 slices Italian bread, crusts removed and cut into 14inch dice, Salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, chopped, 2 large stalks celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large carrots, diced, 14 pound pancetta, thinly sliced, 12 head Savoy cabbage, finely sliced, blanched and drained, 12 bunch Swiss chard, washed and finely sliced, 1 large waxy potato, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 cups water, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 bouquet garni rosemary sprig, 4 thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, bunch parsley, 3 cups cooked cannellini beans, 1 cup spinach leaves, washed and coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, Grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Minestrone with Sauteed Croutons and ParmigianoReggiano, picturelink: null}, 38150: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the upper 13 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the steaks on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the Herbes de Provence on both sides of the steaks and drizzle with olive oil. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes for mediumwell. Let the steaks rest for 10 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water.nIn a food processor, combine the tomatoes, basil, garlic, lemon juice, lemon zest, and 14 cup olive oil. Process until the mixture is coarsely chopped.nPlace the cooked pasta, tomato mixture and smoked almonds in a large serving bowl. Toss well and thin out the sauce with a little pasta water, if needed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with Parmesan cheese and chopped basil. Slice the steaks into 14inch thick slices and serve alongside the pasta., ingredients: [1 pound 1inch thick beef tenderloin steaks see Cooks Note, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Herbes de Provence, Extravirgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 14 cup, 1 pound spaghetti pasta, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 packed cups fresh basil leaves, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 34 cup chopped smoked almonds, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Spaghetti with Beef, Smoked Almonds and Basil, picturelink: null}, 38151: {instructions: Miso marinade:nPut the sake, lemongrass, ginger, and garlic in saucepot and bring to boil. Continue to boil for one minute to cook out alcohol. Whisk in sugar and miso paste. Cook over low heat for five minutes. Remove from pot and cool.nTofu Steak:nPlace the tofu steak in cooled marinade and set aside. Let marinate for at least one hour.nStir Fry Sauce:nPrepare the stir fry sauce by combining all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Whisk together and set aside.nEdamame Puree:nPlace cooked edamame beans in a blender with vegetable stock and puree until smooth. Pass through a fine meshed sieve and finish with salt and pepper.nTofu Steak Preparation:nRemove the tofu steak from marinade and bread in Japanese panko breadcrumbs. Place the breaded tofu in a fryer set at 350 and fry for approximately two minutes, or until goldenbrown. Set aside.nStir Fry:nOver high heat in a medium saute pan add the soy oil. Next add the mushrooms and shishito peppers to the pan and saute until golden. Add 3 oz of stir fry sauce to pan and cook briefly until sauce reduces slightly and coats the mushrooms and peppers. Be careful not to overreduce the sauce and burn it. Remove from heat., ingredients: [1 cup sake, 1 lemongrass stalk, sliced, 12 cup ginger, smashed, 6 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup miso paste, white, 6 ea extra firm tofu, cut in half lengthwise, 2 cups soy sauce, 23 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup fish sauce, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 12 cup dry sherry, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 1 bunch basil leaves, minced, 12 bunch cilantro, minced, 12 bunch mint leaves, minced, 2 tbsp garlic, minced, 2 tbsp ginger, minced, 2 tbsp sambal, 5 ea serrano, minced, 2 ea lime zest, minced, 34 cup lime juice, 1 cup fresh or frozen edamame beans, 12 to 34 cup vegetable stock or water, 1 cup Japanese panko breadcrumbs, 3 tbs soy oil, 1 cup shitake mushrooms, 1 cup maitake mushrooms, 1 cup shishito peppers], title: Miso Marinated Tofu Steak, picturelink: TRvVPg9r4IxMSQTosa8lUvjoRA.Yzja}, 38152: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Butter the inside of a 2 12quart souffle dish. In a large saucepan, melt the butter, add the flour and whisk to form a smooth roux. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the milk and whisk vigorously until the mixture is smooth and thick, then cook at a low boil, stirring constantly, for another 2 to 3 minutes.nRemove the mixture from the heat, add the chevre and stir until the cheese is melted and wellincorporated. Stir in the egg yolks and season generously with salt and pepper the seasoning should be intense here to compensate for the later addition of the egg whites.nWith an electric mixer or by hand with a whisk, whip the egg whites until they form soft peaks. Stir 14 of the egg whites into the cheese mixture to lighten it, then carefully fold in the remaining egg whites. Fill the prepared souffle mold it should be about 34 full. Sprinkle the top of the souffle with the dried thyme. Bake in the preheated oven until risen, golden brown and just barely firm in the center, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 6 ounces fresh chevre cheese, cut in pieces, 6 egg yolks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 8 egg whites, Pinch dried thyme], title: Chevre Souffle, picturelink: null}, 38153: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken wings on a baking sheet and cook in the oven for 35 minutes.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, add the 2 tablespoons of canola oil and the ginger. Cook for 2 minutes. Add the sherry, vinegar, sesame oil, honey, and soy sauce and chili garlic sauce and continue to cook for 2 more minutes. Remove from heat.nIn large sauce pot or fryer, heat 3inches of the canola oil, or enough to prevent wings from touching the bottom of the pan, to 350 degrees F. Add the chicken wings to the oil and cook for about 3 minutes, or until crispy and golden brown. Remove the chicken wings from the oil and drain on paper towels.nAdd the wings to the sauce. Garnish with chopped scallions and sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 to 2 pounds chicken wings about 12 whole wings 1st and 2nd joint, no tips, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for frying, 3 tablespoons grated ginger, 14 cup sherry, 14 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup honey, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup chili garlic sauce, Chopped scallions, for garnish, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Korean Chicken Wings, picturelink: IyiH82CiUkIbMU1HFhcxmTWBrlLjVQG}, 38154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring stock to boil for 2 minutes in a large, nonreactive stockpot with lid on, over high heat. Add onion, celery, and garlic. Lower heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Add noodles and cook 5 more minutes. Remove from heat and add herbs and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with lemon halves and add squeeze of lemon juice if desired., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, homemade or storebought, 34 cup diced onion, 34 cup diced celery, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 ounces dried egg noodles, cooked to al dente, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Lemon halves, for serving], title: Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: iwJnet7Fv64tcUNw2AzS6DMNUAg373q}, 38155: {instructions: Bamboo shoots: Rinse the bamboo shoot removing any debris. Place shoot in a pot and boil for 5 minutes. Peel away the outer layer to reveal the tender inner shoot. Thinly slice the shoot, diagonallynSansho Leaf Sauce: Place the miso and sugar in a microwaveable container, microwave on high for 15 to 20 seconds or until the sugar has dissolved or you may also place in a small pot and dissolve on stove top. Rinse and pat dry the sansho leaves. Place leaves in a mortar and pestle and grind until pulpy. Add the vinegar and continue to grind the leaves until smooth. Add the miso paste and the 12 cup of sake. Place the bamboo shoots around a plate and pour the sansho leaf sauce over the shoots. Add extra sansho leaves, as garnish., ingredients: [1 mediumsized fresh bamboo shoot, 3 12 ounces 100 grams white miso, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 12 ounces 100 grams young sansho tree leaves, 3 to 4 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 12 cup sake], title: Japanese Bamboo Shoots with Sansho Leaf Sauce: Takenoko no Kinome Ae, picturelink: null}, 38156: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, mustard and some salt and pepper in a large bowl slowly whisk in the olive oil.nAdd the arugula, almonds and raisins and toss gently to coat. Transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle with the truffle oil, scatter the Parmesan on top and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 ounces arugula, thick stems trimmed, 13 cup roasted, salted Marcona almonds, 13 cup golden raisins, White truffle oil, for drizzling, 13 cup Parmesan cheese shavings], title: Arugula Salad with White Truffle Oil, Marcona Almonds and Shaved Parmesan, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 38157: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly mist a 9by5inch metal loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray and dust well with allpurpose flour to cover the pan completely, tapping out the excess. Put the chocolate in a medium microwavesafe bowl and microwave on high in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted and smooth, 1 minute to 1 minute 30 seconds. Set aside to cool slightly while preparing the batter. Combine the bananas and sugar in a large bowl and mash with a potato masher or fork until mostly smooth with just a few small pieces of banana left. Add the oil and eggs and stir until combined. Using a wooden spoon or rubber spatula, mix in both flours, the baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir in the buttermilk and vanilla. Stir 1 cup batter into the melted chocolate. Fill the loaf pan with half the banana batter and then half the chocolate batter. Repeat the layers and gently swirl together using a spoon or knife. Bake until golden brown on top and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool in the pan 15 minutes, and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely. Serve warm or at room temperature. Cooks Note: To prepare your loaf pan for baking, you can also use a nonstick spray with flour already in it. Flouring the pan helps the bread rise well and prevents any collapse after it comes out of the oven. Per serving: Calories: 203 Total Fat 8 grams Saturated Fat: 2 grams Protein: 4 grams Total carbohydrates: 31 grams Sugar: 16 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 32 milligrams Sodium: 212 milligrams, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting the pan, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 medium very ripe bananas, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup canola oil, 2 large eggs, 34 cup white whole wheat flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Marbled Banana Bread, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 38158: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace shallots, ginger, garlic, soy, lime juice, and sugar in a blender and blend until smooth. Add the green onion and oil and blend until combined. Season with black pepper, to taste. Place shrimp in a large bowl, pour the marinade over, and let marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes.nPreheat a grill to high. Remove shrimp from the marinade and grill for 1 12 to 2 minutes per side. Serve on brown paper bags, if desired., ingredients: [2 large shallots, peeled and chopped, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 34 cup soy sauce glutenfree, if desired, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup chopped green onions, 14 cup peanut oil, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 pounds large shrimp, shells and tails on], title: GingerSoyLime Marinated Shrimp, picturelink: F9nRp8mza2syjURWrT.RSJ.Pa01ve}, 38159: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake or muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, combine the buttermilk, oil, vanilla and eggs. In a separate bowl, sift the granulated sugar, flours, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Slowly add the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix until just combined.nMix the hot water and espresso powder in a pitcher, and slowly stir into the mixing bowl. Fill the cupcake liners and bake for 20 minutes, rotating halfway through. Remove from the oven and cool completely before frosting.nFill the cupcakes with Chocolate Chipotle Truffle Filling. Frost with Chocolate Buttercream.nHeat the cream until simmering over medium heat. Place the semisweet chips in a glass bowl and pour the hot cream onto the chips. Allow to sit for a minimum of 2 minutes. Transfer the chocolate cream mixture to a stand mixer outfitted with the whisk attachment. Add in the chipotle powder. Whisk on medium speed until light and fluffy.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, whip the butter and cocoa until incorporated. Slowly add in the powdered sugar, heavy whipping cream and vanilla. Whip until fluffy., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup cake flour, 34 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup hot water, 1 tablespoon espresso powder, Chocolate Chipotle Truffle Filling, recipe follows, Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 pound unsalted butter, 34 cup cocoa powder, such as Valrhona, 6 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Alpocalypse Cupcakes, picturelink: YzWWBf278cOYCEzrVUVmFZMyry6uUee}, 38160: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, thyme and red pepper flakes and cook until just fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the spinach and some salt and pepper, and cook, tossing, until the spinach is wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the balsamic vinegar and stir to combine. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, diced, 2 cloves garlic, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 pounds fresh spinach, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Sauteed Spinach with Bacon, Garlic and Thyme, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 38161: {instructions: Heat 1 12 inches of vegetable oil in a medium Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, put the flour in a shallow dish. Lightly beat the eggs with 12 cup water in another shallow dish. Whisk the cornmeal, Cajun seasoning and thyme in a third dish. Dredge the okra in the flour, shaking off the excess. Dip in the beaten eggs, then dredge in the cornmeal mixture. Fry, turning as needed, until golden, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt.nStir the remaining flour into the remaining cornmeal mixture. Dip the shrimp in the eggs, then dredge in the flourcornmeal mixture, turning to coat. Fry the shrimp in batches, turning occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt.nSeason the tomatoes with salt. Serve the shrimp and okra with tartar sauce, lemon wedges and the tomatoes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups fine cornmeal, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 3 cups fresh or frozen okra thawed if frozen, Kosher salt, 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined tails intact, 3 large tomatoes, cut into wedges, Tartar sauce and lemon wedges, for serving optional], title: Fried Shrimp and Okra, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 38162: {instructions: Bring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add bacon and cook until crispy, about 4 minutes per side. Set aside.nTo make the egg patty, spray a microwavesafe bowl with nonstick spray. Add egg substitute and microwave for 1 minute. Gently stir, and then microwave for 1 additional minute. Set aside.nToast the waffles, and then place them sidebyside on a plate. Immediately top one waffle with cheese.nTransfer the egg patty from the bowl onto the cheesetopped waffle.nBreak the bacon in half and place over the egg patty. Finish it off with the other waffle.nCut your sandwich in half and serve with syrup for dipping. Dig in, you, ingredients: [1 slice centercut bacon or turkey bacon, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 2 frozen lowfat waffles, 1 slice fatfree American cheese, 14 cup sugarfree pancake syrup], title: Morning Waffle Dip, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 38163: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a buttered, 4 quart Pyrex souffle dish layer 2 cups turkey stuffing, making sure to pack it down and leaving a well in the center. Fill the well with cranberry sauce. Layer the turkey, onions, and remaining stuffing evenly, leaving few gaps. Pipe rosettes of alternating mashed potatoes that cover the top. Bake, uncovered, for approximately 12 hour or until the top is crusted and brown and the filling is warmed through. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 cups leftover turkey stuffing, moistened with leftover gravy or giblet broth  divided, 2 cups leftover cranberry sauce, 2 cups leftover turkey, diced, 2 cups leftover pearl onions, creamed or plain, 1 12 cup leftover mashed russet potatoes, in a pastry bag with a large star tip, 1 12 cup leftover mashed sweet potatoes, in a pastry bag with a large star tip], title: Sissy Biggers Turkey Leftovers Surprise, picturelink: null}, 38164: {instructions: Beat eggs with a whisk in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat very little oil in a medium frying pan over medium heat and make an omelette using half the beaten eggs. Turn out onto a plate to cool do not fold omelette. Repeat process with remaining beaten eggs. Place 1 omelette on top of the other, fold and coarsely chop. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, toss chicken strips with the sesame oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil over high heat in large frying pan or wok and stirfry the prepared chicken strips until lightly golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onion and garlic and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes or until onion has softened. Add 2 tablespoons more vegetable oil and when hot, stir in the cooked rice and green onions, tossing and mixing thoroughly until very hot. Sprinkle with soy sauce and mix evenly. Remove from heat and stir in chopped cooked egg. If desired, garnish with additional sliced green onions., ingredients: [3 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into thin strips, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely minced, 4 cups cold, cooked rice, 6 green spring onions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, optional, 2 tablespoons soy sauce], title: Chicken Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 38165: {instructions: Game Plan: Start boiling the water when you turn the oven on so its ready when the cake goes into the oven. Separate eggs while the lime concentrate thaws in the microwave.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter a 1quart gratin dish or 8inch round cake pan and set it in a roasting pan.nBeat the 2 tablespoons butter with 12 cup sugar in a large bowl until creamy, using a handheld electric mixer. Beat in the flour, then the egg yolks, limeade concentrate, coconut milk, and salt. For the airiest egg whites, clean the beaters thoroughly so none of this mixture is left on them. In another medium bowl whip the egg whites until they form soft peaks. While whipping, slowly pour in the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and continue beating until the whites hold stiff, glossy peaks. Fold a quarter of the whites into the coconutlime mixture, then fold in the remaining whites.nPour the batter into the prepared baking dish and add enough boiling water to the roasting pan to come halfway up the side of the dish. Bake about 35 minutes or until the top of the pudding cake is slightly puffed and golden. Remove from the water bath and cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes serve warm. Garnish each serving with toasted coconut, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus a bit for the pan, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs at room temperature, separated, 12 cup limeade concentrate, thawed, 34 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 14 teaspoon fine salt, Toasted coconut, for garnish, optional], title: CoconutLime Pudding Cake, picturelink: wvFXN53XYSUvmvqszyGLMBXrXezOigO}, 38166: {instructions: Whisk together the buttermilk, lime zest and juice, garlic, chili powder, coriander, cumin, turmeric, hot sauce, cilantro, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Pour the marinade into a large resealable plastic bag, add the chicken, seal the bag and refrigerate. Marinate bonein chicken up to 12 hours, boneless up to 4 hours, chicken legs or breasts, up to 24 hours. If using fish, marinate white fish such as snapper, halibut or bass up to 30 minutes.nPreheat the grill pan over mediumlow heat for boneless breasts and fish, and medium heat for bonein breasts, thighs and legs. Remove the meatfish from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Brush with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste, on both sides. Grill until golden brown and charred on both sides and just cooked through.nCooks Note:nThis recipe also includes the method for fish.nBoneless chicken breasts: about 9 minutes totalnChicken thighslegs: about 20 minutes totalnBonein chicken breasts: about 15 minutes totalnWhite Fish: about 8 minutes total, ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder or any pure chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, Hot sauce, to taste recommended: Tabasco, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 bonein or boneless chicken breasts each about 6 to 8 ounces, Canola oil], title: Buttermilk Southwestern Grilled Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38167: {instructions: In a dry heavy skillet, fry the chorizo until browned. Drain off any fat and add the tomato paste and fry with chorizo briefly. Add the green onions, oregano, tomato, chile, and salt and pepper. Cook 2 to 3 minutes longer.nSpread the chorizo mixture on a split loaf of French bread. Sprinkle generously with Cotija and Manchego cheeses.nPlace under a broiler and broil until the cheese is melted and bubbly and serve with tomatillo salsa., ingredients: [12 pound homemade chorizo, 46 green onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 2 Chipotle chiles pickled, chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 small loaf of French bread, Grated Cotija and Manchego cheese, about 12 pound], title: Chorizo and Cheese Bread, picturelink: null}, 38168: {instructions: Make the biscuit: Whip egg yolks in an electric mixer with the water and half the sugar until doubled in volume. Whip egg whites in an electric mixer until soft peaks form, then slowly add the remaining sugar and whip until stiff peaks form. Fold yolks and whites together. Sift flour over the egg mixture and fold in. Do not overmix. Line a 9 by 9inch baking pan with greaseproof paper, then grease the sides and the paper. Pour batter into the pan and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove cake from oven. Allow to cool slightly and turn cake out onto a cooling rack. Cool completely. Cut the cake using a 3 12inch cookie cutter into 4 circles. Place them in the empty 9 by 9inch pan until the syrup and vanilla custard are ready.nMake the custard: Combine the vanilla bean and milk in a saucepan. Bring to a boil. In a stainless steel bowl, whisk egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy. Pour boiling milk over egg yolks. Whisk together. Return to the sauce pan and simmer until thickened. Be careful not to overcook the mixture. While custard is still warm, pour over the biscuit circles.nMake the syrup: Bring sugar and water to the boil. Add kirsch. Pour half over the biscuit circles. Reserve the other half.nMake the meringue: Prepare a medium saucepan with water and the milk. Bring to the boil then reduce to a simmer. Whip egg whites in an electric mixer to soft peaks. Slowly add the sugar and continue whipping until stiff peaks are formed. Take two tablespoons and form spoonfuls of meringue into balls. Drop into the simmering liquid and poach the meringue for 4 minutes. Do not let mixture boil. Allow to cool on a paper towel. Make a total of 12 meringue balls.nMake raspberry sauce: Puree the raspberries, sugar and liqueur. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons reserved sugar syrup if necessary to correct consistency. Strain sauce.nAssemble dessert: Place soaked biscuit in the center of a serving plate. Arrange beautifully the raspberries into a pyramidlike shape. Arrange 3 pieces poached meringue on the top of the raspberries. Drizzle the raspberries around the edge of the plate. Optional: bake biscuit in 4 individual savarin molds and fill with ice cream or sorbet and build raspberries around the outside., ingredients: [4 eggs, separated, 14 cup water, 6 tablespoons superfine sugar, 12 cup flour, 1 vanilla bean, 1 cup milk, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons kirsch, 1 pint water, 2 tablespoons milk, 3 egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup raspberries fresh or frozen, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon raspberry liqueur, 2 cups fresh raspberries], title: Biscuit Glace of Raspberries a Ma Facon, picturelink: null}, 38169: {instructions: Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Heat the cream, butter, hot sauce, cayenne and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat until the mixture begins to steam. Pour the cream mixture over the chocolate, and let sit until the chocolate is completely melted, about 10 minutes. Stir until smooth with a rubber spatula or a whisk. If the chocolate isnt melted, microwave on high in 20second increments, stirring in between, until just melted.nStir in the vanilla. Continue stirring until the chocolate mixture is very smooth and shiny. Transfer it to a shallow dish, like a pie plate, cover and chill until firm, at least 3 hours and up to overnight.nPut the sprinkles on a small plate. Scoop tablespoons of the firm ganache, roll into balls, roll in and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm or until ready to serve, 30 minutes and up to overnight. Roll the truffles in the sprinkles before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 to 3 dashes chipotle hot sauce, Heaping 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Pinch kosher salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Red nonpareil sprinkles, for rolling], title: Spicy Truffles, picturelink: 4HHYPXt1j8t7lmPuI4UXf6QNIx0TqeC}, 38170: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boil for the potatoes and boil until tender. Drain well, cover and set aside.nBring a separate pot of water to boil for each of the types of ravioli since their cooking times will vary. Boil the ravioli until they rise to the top and using a slotted spoon remove to drain. Toss with 1 to 3 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil as needed, to keep them from sticking, reserving the other tablespoon. Cover and set aside.nTo saute the cabbage and pierogi, heat 1 of the remaining tablespoons of grapeseed oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the white cabbage and season with salt and pepper. If using red cabbage also, heat another of the remaining tablespoons of grapeseed oil in a separate large saute pan over medium heat, add the red cabbage, season with salt and pepper. Let the cabbage cook until very tender and until it begins to sweeten. When the cabbage is tender, remove the cabbage to a bowl, add the ravioli to the same pan and saute very briefly.nTo finish the Potatoes OBrien, while the cabbage is sauteing, heat the oil in a large saute pan and saute the bell peppers and onion until the onion turns translucent. Stir in the parboiled drained potatoes and season with salt and pepper.nPlace some Potatoes OBrien in the middle of a serving plate and spoon alternate portions of green cabbage and red cabbage around the potatoes. Top with pierogi., ingredients: [3 large white potatoes, diced into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced, 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced, 1 large white onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large round ricotta stuffed ravioli, 1 pound minicheese ravioli, 1 pound medium round spinach ravioli , 12 head red cabbage, chopped in a food processor, 12 head green cabbage, chopped in a food processor , Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grapeseed oil], title: Faux Pierogi over Cabbage and Potatoes OBrien, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 38171: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Add 12 cup ice water and pulse until the dough just starts to come together. Divide the dough between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and form each into a disk wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nMake the filling: Toss the peaches in a bowl with 34 cup sugar, the flour, lemon juice and spices.nLightly dust a large piece of parchment paper with flour. Roll out 1 piece of the dough into a 12inch round on the parchment. Ease the dough into a 9inch pie plate. Add the filling, mounding it slightly in the center dot with the butter and refrigerate. Roll out the second piece of dough into a 12inch round and cut it into 12inchwide strips. Lay half of the strips on the pie in one direction, leaving about 1 inch of space between each strip. Lay the remaining strips on top, crossing them diagonally to make a lattice pattern no need to weave trim the edges of the strips, leaving a small overhang. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge of the crust with your fingers.nBeat the egg with 1 tablespoon water and brush on the crust edge and lattice top. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven. Put a baking sheet on the rack and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the pie on the hot baking sheet and bake 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and continue baking until the pie is golden and the filling is bubbly, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Cover loosely with foil if the top is browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack to cool completely before slicing.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [For the crust:, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, For the filling:, 4 pounds peaches, peeled and cut into wedges, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg], title: Country Peach Pie, picturelink: 83wTiowZYWjyPItYU952LfLC0G2qFwC}, 38172: {instructions: Marinate chicken breasts in Worcestershire sauce for at least 15 minutes. Heat butter in fry pan and brown chicken in butter. Remove chicken to plate. Saute mushrooms for about 3 minutes adding more butter if necessary. Add shallots and cook for 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with brandy. Add the Marsala and chicken broth, reduce by 13. Add the cream and cook sauce until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Season to taste and spoon over chicken., ingredients: [4 8ounce chicken breast halves, pounded, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 shallots, minced, 14 cup brandy, 14 cup Marsala, 1 cup chicken broth, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Chicken Marsala, picturelink: null}, 38173: {instructions: Mix 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 teaspoons red curry paste, 12 teaspoon fish sauce and the juice of 1 lime. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Thai Curry Mayo, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 38174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: heartshaped cookie cutter, alphabet stencils, tweezers and a small brushnCombine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Whisk together and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Add the vanilla and egg and beat until combined. Add the flourcocoa mixture in 2 or 3 batches, mixing well after each addition. Place the dough into a large resealable plastic bag and flatten slightly with your hand. Seal the bag and refrigerate for 2 hours.nTo bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Dust a work surface with cocoa powder.nRemove the dough from the bag and place on the cocoa powderdusted surface for 5 to 10 minutes. Roll out to 14inch thickness and cut with a heart cutter. Youll need to consolidate and reroll the dough as you go. Place on the prepared baking sheet and bake until set but not browning at all, about 12 minutes. Allow to cool completely.nTo decorate the cookies with stenciled letters, Pink Buttercream or melted chocolate: Stencil some of the cookies with the alphabet stencils to spell out things like Love You and Be Mine. Place the stencils on the cooled cookies and lay pieces of scrap paper on any areas of exposed cookie. Lightly sift powdered sugar over the stencils. Carefully remove the paper and stencils with tweezers, being careful not to drop powdered sugar as you remove them. Use a tiny brush to correct errors.nFor the remaining cookies, frost with Pink Buttercream if desired, or drizzle with melted white chocolate. Arrange on a platter or in a basket and deliver to your sweetie Dont stack the cookies.nAdd the powdered sugar, butter, heavy cream and food coloring to the bowl of an electric mixer and cream together until light and fluffy., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 large egg, Powdered sugar, for decorating, Pink Buttercream, recipe follows, optional, Melted white chocolate, for drizzling, optional, 4 cups powdered sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 drops red liquid food coloring], title: Chocolate Message Cookies, picturelink: 7eSq03E5MZSnFSpBaKIJhiz9fStaT0i}, 38175: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the rice and water, bring to a boil, stirring, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add 2 cups of the milk, the sugar, raisins, cashews or pistachios, cardamom seeds, and cinnamon, and simmer, stirring often, for 10 to 15 minutes more, or until rice is tender and mixture creamy. Add additional milk if necessary. Pudding may also be served chilled., ingredients: [1 cup short grain Indian or Italian Arborio rice, 1 12 cups water, 2 to 3 cups milk, 12 cup sugar, or to taste, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup raw cashews or shelled pistachios, chopped fine, Seeds from 4 cardamom pods, Ground cinnamon to taste], title: Warm Indian Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 38176: {instructions: In a small saucepan cook the onion and garlic in 1 tablespoon of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is soft. Add the wine and simmer the mixture until the wine is reduced by half. Add the parsley, basil, 12 cup of the beans and the chicken broth, simmer the mixture stirring for 1 minute, and in a blender puree it. In the saucepan stir together the puree, the remaining 12 cup beans, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture for 2 minutes.nIn a skillet, preferably nonstick, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it saute the shrimp, seasoned with salt and pepper, for 112 to 2 minutes on each side or until they are cooked through. Transfer the shrimp with a slotted spoon to a plate and keep them warm. To the skillet add the scallops and saute them, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until they are cooked through. Divide the bean sauce between 2 shallow bowls and arrange the shellfish over it., ingredients: [13 cup finely chopped onion, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 1 cup drained rinsed canned cannelini white beans, 14 cup chicken broth, 10 medium shrimp about 6 ounces, shelled and deveined, 14 pound bay scallops], title: Shrimp and Scallops with White Bean and Herb Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38177: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Spray an 8 x 8inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT butter until soft and creamy. Gradually add sugar, beating until mixture is light and fluffy. Add egg yolks, beating until well blended. Gradually add flour, mixing thoroughly. Fold in nuts.nSPREAD half of batter evenly into prepared pan. Spread with jam. Top with remaining batter dropped by spoonfuls.nBAKE 50 to 60 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into 2 x 1inch bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 23 cup chopped walnuts or pecans, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Black Raspberry Jam], title: Buttery Black Raspberry Bars, picturelink: null}, 38178: {instructions: In a bowl combine the cream, vanilla extract, and sugar. Whip until soft peaks form. The cream should have a satiny appearance. It should not be grainy., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar], title: Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 38179: {instructions: Line a 9inch by 13inch pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides. Lightly coat the foil and a wooden spoon with cooking spray.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the marshmallows, honey, vanilla and salt. Stir with the prepared wooden spoon until the marshmallows have completely melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the rice cereal and puffed millet and stir until the mixture is fully combined. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan and press into an even layer. Let sit at room temperature until firm, about 20 minutes.nUsing the overhanging foil as handles, lift the treats out of the pan and invert onto a cutting board. Cut into 15 pieces. The treats can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to a week. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving for a gooier texture., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 10 ounces mini marshmallows, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 4 cups crispy brown rice cereal, 4 cups puffed millet], title: Puffed Millet and Brown Rice Treats, picturelink: SyFTw3b.rZBCXgq1xZnTq5yyFlTXnDq}, 38180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nCombine the cream of chicken soup, frozen vegetables, garlic powder, shredded chicken and some salt and pepper in a bowl.nUnwrap the pie crusts and cut off the round edges of each to create a square. Cut each square into quarters, then trim the edges to create rectangles. Put 14 cup of the chicken mixture in the center of 1 rectangle and brush the pastry with water around the perimeter. Top with another piece of pastry and use a fork to press down on the edges to completely seal closed. Brush with the egg and poke a few fork holes in the top. Repeat with the remaining rectangles and filling to make 8 pot pie pockets. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [Two 10 12ounce cans cream of chicken soup, One 10ounce bag frozen vegetables carrot, corn and green bean mix, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 small rotisserie chicken, meat shredded, skin and bones discarded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 boxes refrigerated pie crusts 2 crusts in each box, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Chicken Pot Pie Pockets, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 38181: {instructions: Add the tomatoes to a medium serving bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with the olive oil and stir in the basil. Serve immediately or set aside, at room temperature, for up to 2 hours., ingredients: [1 pint 2 cups ripe cherry or grape tomatoes, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup chopped or torn fresh basil leaves], title: Virtual Tomato Herb Salad, picturelink: null}, 38182: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the honey mustard sauce: Mix together the mustard, honey and mayonnaise in a small bowl and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the fried chicken BLT melt: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nRemove the poached chicken from the refrigerator and let come to room temperature.nLay the bacon slices on the prepared baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 20 minutes. Drain on a papertowellined plate.nAdd 1 12 inches of oil to a highsided castiron skillet making sure you are below halfway and heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F. While waiting for the oil to heat, toast the buns in the stillwarm oven.nWhisk together the flour, salt, garlic powder, paprika and black pepper in a baking dish. In a separate baking dish, whisk together the buttermilk and hot sauce. Slice each chicken breast in half horizontally. Dredge the chicken through the buttermilk, letting any excess drip off, then through the flour. Carefully place in the hot oil and fry until golden and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove to a papertowellined plate to drain. Cover the chicken pieces immediately with the cheese slices so they can begin to melt.nSpread the cut sides of the buns with the honey mustard sauce. Add 2 pieces of fried chicken to each bottom bun, and top with 2 pieces of bacon, a piece of lettuce, a slice of tomato and more sauce if desired. Sandwich the buns together and enjoy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 leftover poached boneless, skinless chicken breasts 6 ounces each, 4 slices bacon, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 soft sandwich buns, split, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 4 deli slices Cheddar, 2 pieces iceberg lettuce, 2 slices beefsteak tomato], title: Fried Chicken BLT Melt, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 38183: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, lemon juice, oregano and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl slowly whisk in the olive oil until smooth.nAdd the cucumber, tomatoes, lettuce, olives, caperberries, Peppadews and red onion to the bowl with the dressing and toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small cucumber, chopped, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 large head romaine lettuce, chopped, 12 cup kalamata olives, 12 cup large caperberries, 12 cup chopped Peppadew peppers, 12 red onion, thinly sliced], title: Big Greek Salad, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 38184: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nWhisk together sugar and flour, adding eggs gradually. Slowly add melted butter. Whisk in remaining ingredients and pour into pie shells. Bake pie in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until mixture is just set., ingredients: [1 14 pounds granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 8 eggs, 8 ounces butter, melted, 16 ounces buttermilk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 ounce lemon juice, 2 pie shells, prebaked], title: Lemon Buttermilk Pie, picturelink: Aa7Cu.i7CutUV6fLL.umtryZINQmmy.}, 38185: {instructions: Place a piece of apple and a knob of butter inside each bird. Season inside and out with salt and pepper and wrap well in bacon. Stand in 12 inch of water in a roasting pan and cover with foil. Roast in a preheated oven at 300 degrees F for 45 minutes.nRemove the foil and pour the liquid from the pan. Unwrap the bacon. Zap up the oven temperature to 450 degrees and roast for 10 minutes to brown the birds., ingredients: [1 grouse per person, Apples, Butter, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, Streaky bacon rashers], title: Duntreath Roast Grouse, picturelink: null}, 38186: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10by15inch broilersafe rimmed baking sheetnPosition an oven rack 4 to 5 inches from the heating element, and preheat the broiler. Brush a 10by15inch broilersafe rimmed baking sheet with oil.nPut the turkey, egg, breadcrumbs, scallions, fish sauce, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a large bowl, and mix gently, just enough to incorporate evenly. Drop mounds of the mixture all around the prepared baking sheet, and press them into an even layer. Score the meat into 24 even squares, cutting down almost all the way. Brush the top with the hoisin sauce. Broil until the meat is browned and glazed and registers 165 degrees F on a meat thermometer, 8 to 9 minutes.nCarefully pour off any excess liquid from the cookie sheet. Rescore the meat into 24 sliders, then follow the score lines with a spatula to divide. Top each slider with a cucumber slice and a cilantro leaf.nWhile the sliders are cooking, arrange the lettuce, remaining cilantro, carrots, onions and lime wedges on a serving platter. Put the peanuts and Sriracha if using in small serving bowls. Slide a spatula in the pan and let guests build their sliders with their desired toppings., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil, 2 pounds ground turkey not lean, 1 large egg, 13 cup plain breadcrumbs, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, Large pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 24 thin slices of cucumber from 1 small cucumber, 1 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves and tender stems, For serving:, 24 large Bibb lettuce leaves, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, Lime wedges, 14 cup unsalted dryroasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, Sriracha sauce, optional], title: LightenedUp Asian Turkey Sliders, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 38187: {instructions: Combine the peach liquor, lemon juice and half the bourbon in a large pitcher. Taste. Does it need more bourbon Add the rest. Top with club soda. Start drinking., ingredients: [10 ounces peach liqueur, 5 ounces fresh lemon juice, 15 ounces bourbon, 10 ounces club soda], title: Philadelphia KentuckyStyle Fish House Punch, picturelink: null}, 38188: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Cook the bacon in a Dutch oven or large pot over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly browned and crisp, 5 minutes. Add the scallion whites. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and softened, about 2 minutes.nStir in 2 cups water, the peas, collard greens, barbecue sauce, mustard and 14 cup brown sugar. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium low. Cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened and the peas are tender, 20 minutes. Season with more salt and pepper keep warm over low heat.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar, the paprika, garlic powder and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rub the pork chops all over with the spice mixture.nBrush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Grill the pork until marked and just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve the peas on the side, topped with the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 scallions, sliced white and green parts separated, 1 1pound package frozen blackeyed peas 4 cups, thawed, 2 cups frozen chopped collard greens about 5 ounces, thawed and squeezed dry, 34 cup bottled barbecue sauce, 13 cup dijon mustard, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 bonein pork blade steaks or sirloin chops 12 inch thick about 2 pounds, Vegetable oil, for the grill], title: Grilled DryRubbed Pork, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 38189: {instructions: In a large saute pan over medium high heat add olive oil to coat. Add garlic, onion, carrots and celery and saute until onions are translucent. Add portobellos and button mushrooms and saute until tender, about 10 minutes.nAdd dry sherry to deglaze and bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. Then add chicken stock, heavy cream and thyme. Bring back to a simmer for until desired consistency is reached. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and serve in a demitasse cup., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteing, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped carrots, 12 cup chopped celery, 34 pound smoked portobellos available at specialty stores, 12 pound white button mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup dry sherry, 3 cups chicken stock, 3 cups heavy cream, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Portobello Cappuccino, picturelink: null}, 38190: {instructions: In a blender, combine frozen strawberries, orange juice, and orange zest. Pulse to coarsely chop. Add orange liqueur, frozen yogurt, and sugar. Continue to blend until smooth and frothy. Divide between 4 small glasses and garnish with an orange wedge and serve., ingredients: [8 large strawberries, trimmed, halved, and frozen, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 1 cup vanilla frozen yogurt or ice cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, or more if berries are not very sweet, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, Orange wedges, for garnish], title: Spiked Weekend Smoothie, picturelink: AVki9ifyI6hMke5y9d1uZk82xZO5dy}, 38191: {instructions: Mirepoix is a classic culinary term for a mixture of equal amounts of finely diced carrot, onion, and celery, often seasoned with minced herbs, and Sauteed in butter until just softened. Occasionally, cubes of ham or bacon are added to the vegetables to impart a richer flavor. A mirepoix is used either to season stews, soups, sauces, and fricasses or as a base for braising meats or fish. In this recipe, mirepoix refers to equal parts of finely diced carrot, onion, and celery., ingredients: [], title: Mirepoix, picturelink: null}, 38192: {instructions: For the spicy lemongrass mayo: Mix together the mayonnaise, chili sauce, lime zest and juice and lemongrass in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. For the Asian chicken burger: Combine the chicken, hoisin, sesame oil, soy sauce, garlic and scallions in a large bowl. Mix together and form into 4 equal patties about 12inch thick and 4 inches wide. This patty will be a bit wetter than your average patty because of the sauces and flavor in there. Sprinkle each side of the patties generously with salt and pepper. Create a small well in the center of each patty, using your thumb. Cook your patties on the griddle over medium heat until golden brown on each side and 160 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Because of the sugar content in these patties, they can burn easily so watch your heat. Let rest 5 minutes. Place your buns on the griddle and toast them. For assembling: Place some of the spicy lemongrass mayo on each side of the buns. Add the chicken patties and top with the Pickled Asian Slaw. Finish with the top bun and serve with additional slaw and mayo on the side.nAdd the rice wine vinegar to a mixing bowl and whisk in the sesame oil and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Add the ginger, cabbage and peppers and toss to coat with the dressing. Adjust the seasoning and let sit 20 minutes to let the flavors meld together before serving. Yield: 2 cups., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons chili sauce, such as Sriracha, 1 tablespoon bruised and finely minced lemongrass, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, half dark and half white meat, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 scallions, green and white parts minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 sesameseed hamburger buns, halved and buttered, Pickled Asian Slaw, for serving, recipe follows, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced pickled ginger, 14 small head napa cabbage, finely shredded about 3 cups, 14 red bell pepper, thinly sliced], title: Asian Chicken Burger with Spicy Lemongrass Mayo and Pickled Asian Slaw, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 38193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the kiwi and orange crosswise into 4 rounds, then cut each round into 3 pieces, so you end up with 12 pieces of each fruit. To prepare the skewers, put 2 blueberries about 13 of the way down the skewer, add a piece of kiwi, a pineapple chunk, a piece of orange, and top with a chocolate dipped strawberry.nLine a tray with waxed paper. Break up the chocolate into small pieces and place about two thirds of it into the bowl of a double boiler over barely simmering water. Make sure that the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water. Stir occasionally, very gently, until the chocolate has melted, about 1 minute. Remove the bowl from the double boiler and add the rest of the chocolate, stirring gently until it has melted. Dip the strawberries in the chocolate, place on the waxed paper and chill in the refrigerator for 15 minutes until chocolate is set., ingredients: [1 kiwi, peeled, 1 large orange, peeled, 12 cup blueberries, 1 cup pineapple chunks, 12 chocolate dipped strawberries, recipe follows, 2 12 ounces dark chocolate, 1 pound strawberries, washed and trimmed], title: Rainbow Fruit Skewers with ChocolateDipped Strawberries, picturelink: CD18R4b0XI4KvyDfW8BfGDN4fDq7dsW}, 38194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and fennel and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until the onions are translucent. Add the flour and cook over low heat for 1 more minute, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, bring the stock to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add the shrimp and scallops and cook for 2 minutes, just until firm. Remove the seafood to a large bowl with a slotted spoon, reserving the stock.nWhen the flour is cooked in the onion and fennel mixture, slowly add the stock, the Pernod, salt, and pepper and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream.nCut the lobster meat into mediumsize cubes and add it to the onion and fennel mixture with the shrimp and scallops. Add the frozen peas, frozen onions, and parsley and pour the mixture into a 9 by 13 by 2 baking dish.nFor the pastry, mix the flour, salt, and baking powder in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and pulse 10 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the ice water process only enough to moisten the dough and have it just come together. Dump the dough on a floured surface and knead quickly into a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow it to rest for 30 minutes in the refrigerator.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nRoll the dough out to fit the baking dish with about 14inch overlap. Use the egg wash to paint the outside rim of the dish. Place the dough on the filled baking dish and press it lightly to adhere to egg wash. Brush the dough with egg wash. Make 3 slashes in the top to allow the steam to escape. Place the dish on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes, until the top is golden brown and the filling is bubbling hot., ingredients: [14 pound unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 1 large, 1 cup chopped fennel, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups fish stock or clam juice, 12 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound sea scallops, sliced in half horizontally, 1 tablespoon Pernod, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 34 pound cooked fresh lobster meat, 1 12 cups frozen peas not baby peas, 1 12 cups frozen small whole onions, 12 cup minced flatleaf parsley, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 pound cold unsalted butter, diced, 14 to 13 cup ice water, 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water or heavy cream, for egg wash], title: Seafood Potpie, picturelink: V6KOgvdiJYab8KQy6BmIbtd3EZgVdEu}, 38195: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners.nIn a small bowl, whisk the flour, ground graham crackers, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and brown sugar on medium speed until combined. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and continue to beat, stopping once or twice to scrape down the sides of the bowl, until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture and milk, alternating, starting and ending with the flour mixture, until just combined.nDivide the batter between the muffin cups, filling each about twothirds full. Bake until golden brown, or a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the top springs back to the touch, about 25 minutes. Cool in the tin 5 minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the filling: While the cupcakes cool, prepare the filling: Combine the chocolate, cream and corn syrup in a medium bowl and microwave in 30second intervals on high, stirring, until smooth. Set aside until cooled and thickened slightly, about 30 minutes.nFor the meringue frosting: Bring 1 inch of water to a simmer in a saucepan that can hold a heatproof stand mixers bowl above the water. Combine the egg whites, granulated sugar and cream of tartar in the stand mixer bowl. Set the bowl above the simmering water and whisk until the sugar is dissolved and the egg whites are warm to the touch, turn white and are beginning to get fluffy. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer, fitted with a whisk attachment, and whip on high speed until the meringue is cooled, fluffy and very thick. Beat in the vanilla.nTo assemble: Place the chocolate filling in a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag fitted with a small round tip about 18inch diameter and snip the end. Pierce the center of each cupcake with the pastry tip and gently squeeze in the chocolate filling until it begins to come out of the top of the cupcake. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes.nPipe or swirl the meringue frosting onto each cupcake. If desired, brown the meringue with a kitchen torch or place briefly under the broiler. Garnish with a chocolate square., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup finely ground graham crackers, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup milk, Filling:, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, Meringue Frosting:, 4 egg whites, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Chocolate squares, for garnish], title: Smores Cupcakes, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 38196: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Prepare the cake batter according to the package directions to make cupcakes. Stir in the lemon zest and poppy seeds, pour the batter into cupcake tins and bake according to the package directions. Let cool completely.nFor the frosting: Warm the honey in a small saucepan over low heat. Add the saffron, turn off the heat and let sit until the honey is room temperature.nIn a large bowl, beat together the cream cheese, butter and confectioners sugar with an electric mixer until smooth. With the mixer running, slowly pour in the cooled honey until fully blended.nFrost the cupcakes with the cream cheese frosting and garnish them with a sprinkle of poppy seeds., ingredients: [1 box yellow cake mix, plus ingredients for preparing mix, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, One 8ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, Poppy seeds, for garnish], title: Popping Poppy Seed Cupcakes, picturelink: 97Ndn5T0DKYTjmBHnWmr3fVsLTxXHq}, 38197: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulse the cauliflower, mushrooms onions and Brussels sprouts in separate batches. Mix together in a large bowl. Mix in a little oil and salt. Spread out on a baking pan and roast, stirring every 15 minutes, for 1 hour let cool. This step is important because roasting helps evaporate moisture from the vegetables and adds deep roasted flavor to the final product.nToss the chickpeas with the potato starch, then grind with a meat grinder or pulse in a food processor.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the ground chickpeas and roasted vegetables with the lentils, oats, pumpkin seeds, quinoa, smoked paprika, cayenne, chile powder, curry powder, garlic powder, mustard powder, sage powder, sorghum, black pepper, white pepper and cider vinegar. Mix thoroughly by hand. Refrigerate for a few hours to let the oats absorb the oil and moisture.nForm into 8 patties. Cook in oil in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown and hot throughout. Serve on buns with your favorite burger toppings., ingredients: [12 head cauliflower, cored and divided into florets, 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 12 cup Brussels sprouts, Oil, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons potato starch, 12 cup cooked lentils, 12 cup glutenfree oats, 12 cup toasted pumpkin seeds, 12 cup cooked quinoa, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 teaspoon sage powder, 12 teaspoon sorghum syrup, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon cider vinegar, 8 hamburger buns, Serving suggestion: your favorite burger toppings], title: Veggie Burger, picturelink: pmS9QHgJyXhBiTZWvqL7wxoWcK5t.y}, 38198: {instructions: Rinse the mushrooms in cold water and drain. Remove and discard the stems. Cut the caps into 1inch strips. Rinse the green beans in cold water and drain. Snap off the ends. In a small bowl, mix the cornstarch and 2 teaspoons cold water.nHeat a wok over high heat. Add the vegetable oil and rotate the wok to coat the sides. Add the garlic, green beans, and salt and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and continue to stirfry until mixed. Stir in the oyster sauce. Stir in the chicken broth and heat to boiling. Stir in the cornstarch mixture cook and stir until thickened, about 30 seconds. Turn off the heat and remove the green beans with tongs. Arrange the green beans across a platter and top with the mushrooms., ingredients: [4 ounces fresh shiitake or oyster mushrooms, 1 pound green beans, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 cup chicken broth], title: Green Beans with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 38199: {instructions: For the pernil: In a blender, combine the Worcestershire, guava paste, peppercorns, ginger, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, bay leaves, oregano, and garlic. Transfer the marinade to a Dutch oven or other large pot stir in the malt beverage. Add the pork cover and refrigerate 24 hours.nFor the mango sauce: Meanwhile, heat the canola oil in a small saucepan over medium heat add the garlic and jalapeno. Fry until lightly golden, about 2 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove the garlic and jalapeno transfer to a blender. Add the mango puree, olive oil, cilantro and papelon blend until smooth. Refrigerate in an airtight container until ready to use.nWhen pork is ready to cook, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake until the meat shreds easily with a fork, about 4 hours. Shred the pork reserve about 1 cup pork and freeze the remainder for another use.nFor the arepas: Before serving, place 2 12 cups water in a medium bowl with 1 teaspoon salt and oil slowly pour the cornmeal into the water. Knead together the cornmeal and water until blended and smooth. With wet hands, divide the dough into 6 even portions. Roll each dough portion into a ball pat it into a 3 to 4inch disk, about 12inch thick.nHeat oil in a castiron skillet over medium heat add the arepas. Cook the arepas until golden brown on both sides, turning once, about 10 minutes. Transfer the browned arepas to a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.nTo serve, partially split the hot arepas not all the way around remove some dough to make room for your filling. Fill the arepas with warmed pulled pork, 3 tomato slices, and a dollop of mango sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound guava paste, 14 cup mixed peppercorns, 6 ounces fresh ginger, peeled, 13 cup whole fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 4 bay leaves, 2 bunches fresh oregano, 8 cloves garlic, peeled, 6 nonalcoholic malt beverage Recommended: Maltas, Kosher salt, 1 8 to 11pounds bonein pork shoulder, 1 cup canola oil, 5 cloves garlic, 2 jalapeno peppers, 2 cups mango puree, 1 cup olive oil, 12 bunch fresh cilantro about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons papelon, panela or sugar cane, Kosher salt, 2 12 cups lukewarm water, Salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 cups cornmeal, Tomato slices, for serving], title: Arepas de Pernil, picturelink: null}, 38200: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor or blender, add the rosemary, garlic, balsamic and soy. Pulse several times to combine, then add the black pepper and the lime juice. Pulse, then stir in the lime zest.nTrim the fat and sinew from the lamb leg. Put it in a resealable gallon plastic bag and pour in the in the marinade. Refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours. Strain and reserve the marinade.nPreheat the oven or indirect grill to 325 degrees F.nWith kitchen twine, tie the leg into an evenly shaped roast. Weave the bacon strips into the kitchen twine, along with the rosemary. Put the lamb into a roasting pan and pour in the marinade. Roast for approximately 25 minutes per pound for mediumrare, about 1 hour 40 minutes. Internal temperature should register 145 to 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer when done. Baste occasionally with the pan juices.nRemove the lamb from the oven when desired internal temperature is reached. Remove the lamb from pan to a cutting board and let rest lightly covered for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the lamb is resting, remove the fat from the roasting pan, put it over high heat and slowly incorporate the chicken stock. Strain and adjust seasonings, to taste. Return to the heat and reduce for 5 minutes, then stir in the butter and vermouth. Pour into a serving bowl. Slice the lamb and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve the sauce with the lamb., ingredients: [13 cup loosely packed fresh rosemary leaves, about 3 6inch sprigs, plus 4 fresh rosemary sprigs outside of lamb, 12 cup peeled and loosely packed chopped garlic, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, plus for seasoning, 3 limes, zested and juiced, about 12 cup juice, 1 4 pound boneless lamb leg, 4 to 6 pieces bacon, preferably apple wood smoked, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup dry vermouth], title: LegOLamb with Rosemary Au Jus, picturelink: y3OBH89Unmi8B0lWhrWfRbETNuLTJYm}, 38201: {instructions: Bring lots of water to a boil. Set diced squash in a sieve plunge sieve in boiling water and blanch the squash for a minute. Remove blanched squash, pat dry and add to a mixing bowl. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente. When done, drain, refresh under cold water and pat dry.nMeanwhile add diced tomatoes to the mixing bowl with the squash and add the vinaigrette.nIn a nonstick skillet add a little bit of olive oil. Add the squid and saute just for a minute or until rings turn opaque dont cook longer than 2 minutes or they will turn tough When they squid rings turn opaque, add the garlic, saute for a few seconds and remove from heat.nWhen pasta is done, drain and run under cold water to stop the cooking dry and add to mixing bowl. Add the squid with olive oil and garlic and toss all of the ingredients together. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium yellow squash, seeds removed, skin left on cut into 14 inch dice, 8 ounces pasta, preferably little ring circle pasta or else rotini, 4 ripe plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14 inch dice, 13 cup or so mustard vinaigrette 2 teaspoons mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar and 13 cup olive oil, whisked together, Olive oil, 34 pound cleaned squid, bodies cut into 14 inch rings tentacles, split lengthwise into strips, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Squid and Ring Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 38202: {instructions: Lightly spray a 6cup souffle dish with butterflavored cooking spray and set aside. Make a foil ring 12inch thick for souffle dish to sit on and place inside the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker.nIn a large bowl, combine cake mix, applesauce, eggs, pumpkin pie spice, and almond extract. Using an electric mixer beat on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat for 1 minute on medium speed. Pour into souffle dish and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, stir together baking mix, brown sugar, walnuts, cider mix, and melted butter. Sprinkle over cake batter. Use a butter knife to cut through cake and topping several times to swirl.nPlace souffle dish on top of foil ring in slow cooker. Place 5 folded paper towels over slow cooker bowl and secure with lid. Cook on LOW setting for 4 to 6 hours or until tester comes out clean. Do not lift lid to check cake for the first 3 hours.nCool in souffle dish on wire rack for 15 to 20 minutes before removing and slicing. Serve with whipped topping., ingredients: [Butter flavored cooking spray, 1 16ounce box pound cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 34 cup cinnamon applesauce, 13 cup pasteurized packaged egg whites, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 14 cup baking mix recommended: Bisquick, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 34 cup chopped walnuts, 1 .74ounce packet spiced cider drink mix recommended: Alpine, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, Whipped topping flavored with vanilla extract, for serving], title: Spiced Applesauce Coffee Cake, picturelink: 7eqnxr30HVZbK0LAQ.L0xzdimygf.}, 38203: {instructions: Peel and loosely chop carrots. Place in unsalted boiling water, remove when forktender.nUsing a fork, mash the carrots to desired texture. Lightly grate the Parmigiano and drizzle olive oil over the mashed carrots and mix. Serve immediately, ingredients: [4 to 6 large organic carrots or desired root vegetable, 1 to 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Baby Food Mix and Mash, picturelink: null}, 38204: {instructions: In each of the vodka glasses add an oyster, sriacha sauce, some shallots and lemon grass. Top off with vodka., ingredients: [6 vodka glasses, chilled, 6 raw oysters, bluepoints, shucked, Sriacha sauce, to taste, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon finely minced lemon grass white part only, 6 ounces Absolut Citron Vodka], title: Oyster Shots, picturelink: null}, 38205: {instructions: Slice off the bottom of the pineapple and stand it upright. Remove the rind in large pieces, cutting deep enough to remove all the prickles reserve the rind. Quarter the pineapple and remove the core. Roughly chop half of the pineapple reserve the other half for the PineappleJalapeno Salsa.nTo a blender, add the orange juice, vinegar, cumin, salt, oregano, smoked paprika, garlic, chipotles and adobo sauce, the roughly chopped sweet onion and the chopped pineapple. Blend until smooth. Place the pork butt in a large resealable plastic bag and add the marinade. Seal and refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set a large Dutch oven over high heat and add enough canola oil to cover the bottom. Remove the meat from the marinade and wipe off the excess. Add to the pot and sear on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Pour in the chicken stock and the marinade from the bag the liquid should come halfway up the meat add a little water if required. Bring to a simmer, then place the reserved pineapple rinds, skinside up, over the top to cover. Place, uncovered, in the oven and cook until the rinds are deep brown and the pork is forktender, 2 12 to 3 hours tent with foil if necessary.nDiscard the rinds and roughly chop the meat into 14 to 12inch pieces. Toss with a little braising liquid and keep warm.nServe the pork in warm corn tortillas. Garnish with finely diced onion, cilantro, PineappleJalapeno Salsa and cotija. Serve with a squeeze of lime.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the pineapple, onion, cilantro, jalapeno, lime juice, salt and chile and mix well. Allow to sit for 10 to 20 minutes before serving so that all the flavors meld together., ingredients: [1 pineapple, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 4 cloves garlic, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 sweet onion, half rough chopped and half finely diced, One 3pound bonein pork butt crosscut shoulder works well, Canola oil, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, Warm corn tortillas, for serving, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, PineappleJalapeno Salsa, recipe follows, Cotija cheese, crumbled, for serving, 2 limes, cut into wedges, 2 cups smalldiced pineapple, 12 cup smalldiced white onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons minced jalapeno seeds removed, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 small red chile, seeded and minced], title: Al Pastor Tacos with PineappleJalapeno Salsa, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 38206: {instructions: Combine 2 cups of the water with the dried fruit in a large bowl. Let soak for 1 hour.nIn a small saucepan, combine the remaining 2 cups of water, orange juice, sugar, and lemon zest over mediumhigh heat. Add the fruit and the soaking liquid to the pan. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the cinnamon and clove. Simmer 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the fruit has softened and the mixture has thickened. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Serve warm or cold.nCooks Note: If using store bought dried fruit, chop the pieces into 12inch chunks and simmer the mixture an additional 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups water, divided into 2 containers, 8 ounces dried apples, pears and apricots, 12 cup orange juice, freshly squeezed, 4 ounces sugar, approximately 12 cup, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 whole clove], title: Sweet Dried Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 38207: {instructions: Squeeze the juice of 12 lemon into a bowl of cold water. Prepare the artichokes by trimming away all the tough, inedible portions. Cut the trimmed artichokes lengthwise into wedges about 12inch thick. Drop the wedges into the bowl containing the water and lemon juice.nIf any shelled fava bean is more than 1inch in length, cut away the thick green skin that sheaths it.nDetach the leaves from the lettuce head, discarding any bruised, wilted, or discolored ones. Soak the leaves in two or three changes of water, drain, and shred them fine. You should have approximately 4 cups, but a bit more or less wont matter too much.nIf using fresh spring onions, cut off all the green tops and the root ends, then slice them very thin.nChoose a saucepan that can subsequently accommodate all the ingredients. Put in the sliced onions, the olive oil, and a large pinch of salt, and turn on the heat to low. Cook the onions, turning them over from time to time, until they have become completely wilted.nDrain the artichokes, rinse them in cold water, and put them in the pot, together with the shelled peas, fava beans, and shredded romaine lettuce. Sprinkle liberally with salt and turn over all ingredients several times to coat them well.nPut a lid on the pot and cook, always at low heat, turning the contents of the pot over from time to time, until the artichokes, peas, and beans are tender. It may take up to 2 hours, depending on the freshness and youth of the vegetables. Add 13 cup water whenever the cooking juices appear to be insufficient to keep the vegetables from sticking to the pot. You should need no more than 2 cups of water all together.nTaste and correct for salt, and serve warm, but not piping hot, from a shallow bowl or deep platter.nAhead of time note: You may cook the dish 2 or 3 days in advance, refrigerating it in an airtight container. Reheat gently but thoroughly before serving, adding a tablespoon or two of water if necessary., ingredients: [12 lemon, 4 to 5 medium globe artichokes, 2 pounds young fava beans in their pods, about 2 cups shelled, 1 large head of romaine lettuce, 2 to 3 fresh spring onions or 2 cups very thinly sliced medium white onions, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt, 2 pounds fresh, young peas in their pods, about 2 cups shelled], title: Roman Spring Vegetable Casserole with Artichokes, Peas, Fava Beans, and Romaine Lettuce or ala Vignarola, picturelink: null}, 38208: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the broth to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. Add the porcini mushrooms. Set aside until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Keep the broth warm over very low heat.nMelt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add olive oil. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the white mushrooms and garlic. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the porcini mushrooms to a cutting board. Finely chop the mushrooms and add to the saucepan. Saute until the mushrooms are tender and the juices evaporate, about 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and let it toast for a few minutes. Add the wine cook until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of hot broth simmer over mediumlow heat until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Continue to cook until the rice is just tender and the mixture is creamy, adding more broth by cupfuls and stirring often, about 28 minutes the rice will absorb 6 to 8 cups of broth. Stir in the peas. Mix in the Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [8 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth, 12ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups finely chopped onions, 10 ounces white mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or shortgrain white rice, 23 cup dry white wine, 34 cup frozen peas, thawed, 23 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Mushroom Risotto with Peas, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 38209: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large 10 to 12inch saute pan. Add the potatoes, onions, salt, and pepper and cook over mediumlow heat for 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally with a flat spatula, until the potatoes are evenly browned and cooked through. Allow the potatoes to cook for 5 minutes before turning. Turn off the heat and add the parsley, scallions and ham. Reheat on top of the stove or over a hot charcoal grill.nCooks Note: Use any leftover potatoes in Potato Basil Frittata see recipe for lunch.nYou can peel and dice the potatoes early and keep them in the refrigerator in a bowl of cold water. Drain them and dry them well with paper towels before frying., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and 12inch diced, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons minced scallions, white and green parts, 12 pound smoked ham slices, 12inch diced], title: Country Hashed Browns, picturelink: null}, 38210: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Rinse and dry chickens well. Rub the skin with olive oil. Salt and pepper the interior and exterior. Place in the oven and cook for 40 minutes or until juices run clear. Peel 1 yellow and 1 pink grapefruit and remove the sections carefully and reserve. Squeeze the other 4 grapefruits of all their juices and reserve. Peel, clean, and cut vegetables into 14 inch pieces. After 25 minutes, add the vegetables to the chicken and continue to cook until ready.nWhen chicken is ready, tilt the bird so the juices go into the roasting pan and then caramelize the juices. Degrease and deglaze with the grapefruit juice, scrape the bottom to dissolve the juices and then add the pan juices. Strain the sauce and let sit for 5 minutes, all fat will come to the surface and remove. Place sauce back onto heat, add pink peppercorns and cook at a low simmer for 5 minutes. Check for consistency and seasoning.nTo Serve: Carve the chicken into eighths. Place one piece white and one piece dark meat on each plate. Warm the sections of grapefruit in the sauce and arrange around the chicken. Spoon sauce over entire presentation., ingredients: [2 3 pound chickens, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 carrot, 1 onion, 2 bunches celery, 1 Bouquet Garni, 3 yellow grapefruits, 3 pink grapefruits, 12 cup pan juices, 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns], title: Roasted Chicken with Grapefruit and Pink Peppercorns, picturelink: null}, 38211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nUnfold the sheets of puff pastry and cut each sheet into quarters. Place the pastry pieces on the prepared sheet pans and refrigerate while you prepare the apples.nPeel the apples and cut them in half through the stems. Remove the stems and cores with a sharp knife and a melon baler. Slice the apples crosswise in 14inchthick slices. Place overlapping slices of apples diagonally across each piece of pastry and place a slice of apple on each side. Sprinkle the full 34 cup of sugar over all the pastry pieces and dot with the butter.nBake for 40 minutes, until the pastry is browned and the edges of the apples start to brown. Rotate the pan once during cooking. If the pastry puffs up in one area, cut a little slit with a knife to let the air out. Dont worry The apple juices will burn in the pan but the galettes will be fine When the galettes are done, heat the apricot jelly together with the Calvados and brush the apples and pastry completely with the jelly mixture. Loosen the galettes with a metal spatula so they dont stick to the paper. Allow to cool and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed in the refrigerator, 6 Granny Smith apples, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, smalldiced, 34 cup apricot jelly or warm sieved apricot jam, 3 tablespoons Calvados, rum, or water], title: French Apple Galettes, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 38212: {instructions: Prepare the salmon: Whisk the grapeseed oil, ginger, garlic, shallot, lemongrass, lime juice, fish sauce, brown sugar, a pinch of salt and 12 cup water in a medium bowl. Place the salmon on a rimmed baking sheet and pour the marinade on top. Turn the salmon so the marinade coats both sides. Cover and refrigerate, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the carrotsesame dressing: Whisk the fish sauce, rice vinegar, Sriracha, sesame oil, brown sugar, lime juice and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl until the sugar dissolves. Add the carrot, scallions and 14 cup water stir to combine. Set aside.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Remove the salmon from the marinade, wiping off any excess. Brush the grill grates with grapeseed oil. Brush the skin side of the salmon generously with grapeseed oil, then place on the grill skinside down. Cover and cook until the skin is crisp and the salmon is nearly cooked through, about 8 minutes. Uncover and cook until the salmon is just cooked through, about 5 more minutes. Do not flip the fish.nTransfer the salmon to a platter and spoon the carrotsesame dressing on top.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus more for brushing, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small shallot, minced, 1 stalk lemongrass, finely chopped, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 2 sides wild salmon, skin on 1 34 to 2 pounds each, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt, 1 carrot, julienned, 3 scallions, chopped], title: Vietnamese Grilled Salmon, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 38213: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the pitas on baking sheets or sheets. In a bowl combine the hummus and the olive tapanade. Spread the hummus on pitas and top with cheese, like pizza. Combine the chopped anchovies, peppers, artichokes, and pepperoncini. Cover the pizzas with the chopped mixture. Bake 10 to 12 minutes to melt cheese and crisp the pitas. Cut pizzas into wedges and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [6 6inch pitas, 12 pint container store bought plain hummus, 12 cup prepared olive tapenade, 3 cups shredded provolone or mozzarella or a combination of the 2, 6 anchovies, chopped, optional, 3 whole roasted red peppers, drained, chopped, 1 can artichoke hearts in water, 6 hearts, drained well and chopped, 12 cup sliced pepperoncini, chopped, optional, Handful of flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Hummus Pitzas, picturelink: IIuog6TLr0mtpOixeH4SNXJIhLr8pe}, 38214: {instructions: Pour popcorn into a bowl. Place butter in a small ramekin with garlic cloves, chili powder, and hot sauce and melt in microwave on high, 15 to 20 seconds. Drizzle hot and spicy butter over the popcorn and season with salt, to taste. Add honey peanuts to popcorn and eat, ingredients: [1 sack microwave low fat popcorn, cooked to directions, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt, 12 cup honey roasted peanuts], title: Hot Popcorn and Sweet Peanuts, picturelink: null}, 38215: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the beans and cook for until just tender but still firm, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the beans from the water to a large bowl of ice water to preserve color and stop the cooking. Drain the beans and set aside.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Stir in the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the flour and stir for another minute, to cook out the raw flour taste, and then whisk in the sour cream. Simmer for just a couple of minutes to bring the flavors together and taste for seasoning.nCut the green beans into 2inch pieces. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in a small pan. Crush the cereal flakes in a resealable plastic bag and add them to the pan with the butter. Toss to coat. Spread the green beans over the bottom of a 9inch casserole dish. Pour all of the mushroom sauce mixture over the beans and top with the grated cheese. Sprinkle with the buttered cereal flakes and bake in the preheated 400 degree F oven, until light golden brown and bubbly, approximately 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds fresh French green beans, ends trimmed, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Vidalia onion, 4 ounces baby portobello mushrooms, cleaned and finely chopped about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup 8 ounces sour cream, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups corn cereal recommended: Corn Flakes, 12 pound grated mozzarella cheese], title: Family Fresh Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 38216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a mixer, cream the butter and sugar until fluffy, scraping the sides once. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing after each addition. Mix in the vanilla.nSift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt, and then add in batches to the mixer, mixing until just combined after each addition. Gently blend in the white chocolate and chocolate chips.nUsing a cookie scoop, add 1 tablespoon portions to a baking sheet. Bake until the cookies are done but still soft and chewy, about 8 minutes.nLet cool on a baking rack. Yummy, ingredients: [2 12 sticks butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 2 12 teaspoons vanilla, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups white chocolate chips, or more to taste, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chocolate White Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: ve5WlhLRN03aeKpMYerJreYmULBaa}, 38217: {instructions: Special equipment: a leafshaped cookie cutternFor the pumpkin cake: Spray a 12cup Bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine 2 boxes of the pound cake mix, 1 stick of the butter, 4 of the eggs, 1 can of the pumpkin puree and 2 teaspoons of the pumpkin pie spice. Mix with a handheld electric mixer on high speed until blended, about 1 minute. Pour into the prepared Bundt pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes.nLet cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then unmold onto a wire cooling rack. Repeat the process to make a second Bundt cake.nOnce the cakes are cooled, level off the bottoms with a serrated knife so the cakes will sit flat. Place one of the cakes cutside up and spread the vanilla frosting over it. Place the second cake, cutside down, on top to form a pumpkin.nFor the glaze: In a medium bowl whisk together the confectioners sugar, cream cheese, milk and food coloring. The glaze should be a bright orange color add a few more drops of food coloring if needed. The mixture will be very thick but still pourable. Place the pumpkin cake on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack. Slowly pour the glaze over the top, moving in a circular motion around the top of the cake and letting the glaze drip down the sides. Set aside until set, about 1 hour.nWrap some fruit leather around the green ice cream cone and press it into place upside down on the cake to form a stem. Dust a work surface with confectioners sugar, place some fruit leather on top, and cut out a leaf with a leafshaped cookie cutter. Press the leaf into place on the cake near the stem.nFor the graveyard: Spray an 18by13inch baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and line with parchment spray the parchment.nPrepare both boxes of brownie mix according to the package instructions and pour into the prepared baking sheet. Bake according to the package instructions. Let cool completely, then remove from the pan and place on a large cutting board.nFrost the top of the brownie sheet with the chocolate frosting. Slice about 60 of the chocolate ladyfingers in half crosswise. Press the halved cookies, cutside down, sidebyside around the top edge of the frosted brownie sheet to form a fence. On one of the long sides of the brownie sheet, leave a 3inch opening in the fence to create an entrance. Place 2 whole ladyfingers on either side of the opening to form the gate entrance. Place another whole ladyfinger on top of the two ladyfingers to make the top of the gate, using a little bit of frosting to adhere it.nCover the top of the frosted brownie with the crumbled chocolate creamfilled cookies to make dirt. Place the pumpkin cake in the center of the graveyard.nTo make the gravestones, place the rectangular cookies and vanilla wafer sandwich cookies on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Spray both sides of the cookies with the silver spray food coloring.nUse a knife to cut slits into the brownie to hold the gravestones. Carefully place the gravestones into the slits.nPlace the small candy pumpkins and marshmallow ghosts in the graveyard around the pumpkin. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Four 16ounce boxes pound cake mix, such as Betty Crocker, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, softened, 8 large eggs, Two 15ounce cans pumpkin puree, 4 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 14 cup vanilla frosting, Green fruit leather, for the stem and leaf, 1 green wafer ice cream cone, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk, 15 drops orange food coloring or 20 drops yellow food coloring plus 15 drops red food coloring, more as needed, Nonstick cooking spray, Two 18.3ounce boxes brownie mix, such as Duncan Hines, Two 16ounce cans chocolate frosting, such as Duncan Hines, Two 4.4ounce boxes chocolatecovered ladyfinger cookies, such as Cadbury, 1 package chocolate creamfilled cookies, such as Oreos, crumbled, 4 rectangular cookies, such as tea biscuits, graham crackers, almond thins or chocolatecoated tea biscuits such as Petit Ecolier, 2 vanilla wafer sandwich cookies with chocolate inside, such as Pepperidge Farm Milano, One 1.5ounce can silver spray food coloring, such as Wilton Color Mist, 6 mini pumpkin candies, 3 marshmallow ghost candies, such as Peeps], title: Pumpkin Cake Graveyard, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 38218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray. Add the cubed bread to the baking dish.nPlace the walnuts in a dry skillet over mediumlow heat cook and stir until the walnuts are golden brown and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the heavy cream, egg yolks, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt, vanilla and nutmeg. Once combined, stir in the mashed bananas and 34 cup of the walnuts.nPour the custard over the bread cubes. Carefully toss to coat, making sure that the bread cubes are submerged in the custard, and let stand to allow the bread to soak up the custard, 10 to 15 minutes. Top with the remaining walnuts.nBake until the center is set, about 45 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the baking dish, 1 medium loaf challah bread preferably stale, cut or torn into 1inch pieces about 10 cups, 1 cup Diamond of CaliforniaR Shelled Walnuts, roughly chopped, 2 cups heavy cream, 7 large egg yolks, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 3 ripe medium bananas, mashed, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Banana Walnut Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 38219: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the squash, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the allspice, cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste in a shallow baking dish. Roast until tender, stirring once, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool slightly.nWhisk the yogurt, lime juice, 1 tablespoon water, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Transfer the squash to a serving dish and drizzle with the yogurt dressing. Sprinkle with the pomegranate seeds and cilantro. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 small kabocha, kuri or other winter squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1 12inchthick pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro], title: Spiced Squash With Yogurt Dressing, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 38220: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the carrots, parsnips, sweet potato, and butternut squash in 1 to 1 14inch cubes. All the vegetables will shrink while baking, so dont cut them too small.nPlace all the cut vegetables in a single layer on 2 baking sheets. Drizzle them with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss well. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until all the vegetables are tender, turning once with a metal spatula.nSprinkle with parsley, season to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, peeled, 1 pound parsnips, peeled, 1 large sweet potato, peeled, 1 small butternut squash, peeled and seeded about 2 pounds, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Roasted Winter Vegetables, picturelink: 6HW1TwF25d6VCFAo0ByGG6Ls3fD.Qe}, 38221: {instructions: Combine chopped romaine, baby greens, radishes, snap peas, and scallions in a large salad bowl. Combine vinegar, sugar and relish in a small bowl. Whisk in oil in a slow stream. Toss salad with dressing. Season salad with salt and pepper, to your taste and serve., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine, chopped, 1 sack, 5 ounces, mixed baby greens, 6 red radishes, sliced, 1 cup fresh snap peas, chopped, 6 scallions, sliced on an angle, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 1 rounded teaspoon sugar, 12 cup red pepper relish, found on condiment aisle, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Salad with Red Pepper Relish Dressing, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 38222: {instructions: When cooking the pasta, add a potato to the salted water. This trick returns to the pasta the starch it tends to lose in draining, thus preventing the linguine from clumping. Drain the pasta cubes along with the pasta, reserving a little of the cooking water. Transfer the pasta and potato to a large bowl and dress them with the pesto and butter. If the pasta looks too dry, add a little of the reserved cooking water. Serve in individual dishes, topping each with grated Parmesan cheese and pepper.nIf using a food processor, put the garlic, pine nuts, a pinch of salt, the basil, and the oil into the bowl and process it until the ingredients form a smooth paste. Add the Parmesan and the pecorino and pulse just to combine. Taste and adjust the salt., ingredients: [1 pound fresh or dried linguine, 1 boiling potato, peeled and cubed, 1 cup pesto see below, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, for serving, Freshly ground black pepper, for serving, 2 cloves garlic, 34 cups pine nuts, Salt, Leaves fromo 1 bunch basil, about 14 pound, well washed and dried, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup grated hard pecorino cheese], title: Linguine al Pesto Linguine with Pesto Sauce and Potato, picturelink: null}, 38223: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the rice until well coated. Add the tomato sauce and 34 cup water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside, covered.nMeanwhile, mix the broccoli, cheese spread, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon olive oil and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a small bowl set aside.nLine a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Cut three deep slits across the top of each chicken breast at an angle do not cut through. Rub the chicken with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil and season with salt, pepper and the paprika. Stuff the broccoli mixture into the slits and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Roast until the chicken is just cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve with the chicken.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small shallot, minced, 34 cup converted white rice, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup finely chopped broccoli florets and tender stalks, 14 cup garlicandherb cheese spread such as Boursin, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 small skinless, boneless chicken breasts 6 to 8 ounces each, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Cheesy BroccoliStuffed Chicken with Tomato Rice, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 38224: {instructions: Special equipment: Soaked hickory wood chips optionalnFor the rub: In a small bowl, stir together the brown sugar, paprika, salt, garlic powder, cumin, oregano and black pepper. Rub into the pork butt and allow to sit at room temperature, 1 to 2 hours.nFor the wet mop: Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk the apple juice, vinegar, mustard and pepper flakes together with 1 cup water. Cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPrepare a grill for indirect low heat if desired, add wood chips to the burner element on the direct side: For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes, turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to medium. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nLightly oil the grill grates. Cook the pork butt over indirect heat, keeping the temperature consistently at about 225 degrees F, 5 hours and 30 minutes. Continue to cook, basting the pork butt with the wet mop sauce every 20 minutes, until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 195 degrees F, 2 hours and 30 minutes to 4 hours and 30 minutes more. Transfer the pork butt to an aluminum pan, tent loosely with foil and allow the meat to rest 20 minutes. Use 2 forks to shred the meat and transfer to a bowl. Add drippings and any leftover mop sauce to the pulled meat to moisten further.nServe the pulled meat on the buns., ingredients: [2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, One 4pound pork butt or shoulder, 1 cup apple juice, 1 cup cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Oil, for oiling the grill, 8 potato roll buns], title: Smoked Pork Butt on the Grill, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 38225: {}, 38226: {instructions: For the salad: Combine the tomatoes, parsley, onions and bell peppers.nFor the dressing: Whisk together the EVOO, vinegar, anchovy paste, garlic, chile pepper and lemon juice in a bowl.nPour water over the bread, then wring out the loaf and tear it into bitesize pieces. Toss the bread, vegetable mixture and olives with the dressing. Serve.nCooks Note: Wrap the bread loosely in foil overnight so it becomes stale and a little hard if it goes too far, place it in a plastic bag overnight. If you are making the salad ahead of time, you can combine the vegetables and parsley in a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate them. Pit and chop the olives and return them to their container in the refrigerator. Store the dressing in the refrigerator and bring it to room temperature before using., ingredients: [2 pounds plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 loaf stale peasant bread, 34 cup oilcured black olives, pitted and chopped, About 13 cup EVOO, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated, 1 Fresno or Italian cherry chile pepper, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lemon], title: PuttanescaStyle Panzanella, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 38227: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Cut the squash in half lengthwise, then halve each piece crosswise remove the seeds. Transfer to a large glass bowl and add 14 cup water. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and microwave until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Uncover and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, season the pork with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the olive oil. Working in two batches, add the pork and cook until browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Remove to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven.nMelt the butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the capers and cook until sizzling, 1 minute. Add the wine and lemon juice. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Add the broth boil until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Keep warm over low heat.nDrain the squash and scrape the flesh into strands with a fork discard the skin. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Stir the herbs into the pan sauce and transfer to a liquid measuring cup. Return the skillet to medium heat and add the tomatoes. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly blistered, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve the pork with the squash and tomatoes drizzle the squash and pork with the pan sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 spaghetti squash about 3 pounds, 8 pork scallopini or thin cutlets about 114 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 212 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 12 cup dry white wine, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley andor chives, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes], title: Pork Scallopini with Spaghetti Squash, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 38228: {instructions: Special equipment: Equipment: An ice water bath An ice cream machine 20 clamshells, such as Cherrystones A small icecream scoopnAt least 1 day before serving, start the ice cream: Heat the coffee beans, halfandhalf, heavy cream, and vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium heat just to a boil, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. Turn off the heat and let cool. Cover and refrigerate overnight to infuse the coffee flavor.nThe next day, whisk the egg yolks and sugar together in a bowl. Strain the vanilla and coffee beans out of the cream mixture and rewarm it in a heavy saucepan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture, then pour in the remaining half and whisk well.nPour the mixture back into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. Test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nPour the cream mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl. Rest the bottom of the bowl in the ice bath. Let the mixture cool for 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Then freeze according to the directions of your ice cream machine.nChocolate Shells: Cut pieces of aluminum foil large enough to more than cover the back side of each clam shell. Cover the back outside of each shell with foil, folding it over the rim to hook it tightly to the shell. Press the foil against the surface, rubbing to smooth it so that it acts as a skin for the shell. Arrange the wrapped shells on a pan, with the wrapped sides facing up. Melt the chocolate. Spoon 1 to 2 tablespoons of chocolate onto the wrapped side of one shell, spreading it with the back of the spoon to cover the shell all the way to the edge. As needed, add more chocolate until the entire back of the shell is well coated with chocolate. Repeat with the remaining shells and chocolate. Refrigerate until set, about 20 to 30 minutes.nOnce the chocolate is set, carefully unhook the foil from all around the rim of the shell. Lift the real shell out of the foil, leaving you with the chocolatecovered foil cups. Place the shells back in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to reharden. Taking the shells out of the refrigerator one at a time, carefully peel the foil back to reveal the chocolate shell. Repeat with the remaining shells. Store in an airtight container until ready to serve. The shells can be made up to 1 week in advance. To serve, pour raw sugar on a platter to look like sand. Place a scoop of ice cream in each clam shell and rest it on the sand. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup whole darkroasted coffee beans, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 8 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, Raw sugar, for serving], title: Chocolate Seashells with White Coffee Ice Cream Pearls, picturelink: null}, 38229: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 minimuffin tinsnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGrease the cups of 2 minimuffin tins and set aside.nCream the butter and brown and granulated sugars. Add the beaten egg yolks, flour, baking powder and 3 tablespoons of the cherry juice, blending well. Fold in the egg whites. Sprinkle 14 teaspoon of chopped pecans in the bottom of each muffin cup. Spoon in 2 teaspoons of batter, then place half a cherry in the center of the batter. Sprinkle a few pieces of chopped pecan on top of each muffin. Bake for 10 minutes, then remove from the tins and dust the muffins with powdered sugar while hot, so the sugar melts in., ingredients: [14 cup butter, room temperature, plus more for greasing tin, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs yolks, well beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, One 10ounce jar maraschino cherries, drained, juices reserved, 2 eggs whites, stiffly beaten, 12 cup chopped pecans, Powdered sugar, for dusting, ], title: Blanches Miniature Cherry Muffins, picturelink: aJeLs4dixRDuvTlRhP0iFnbvIbWyYvC}, 38230: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel pears and leave stem intact. In a large saucepan, bring wine and an equal amount of cold water to a simmer. Split vanilla bean lengthwise and add to wine and water mixture. Add cinnamon sticks, bay leaves and sugar, to taste. Add pears to liquid and simmer for about 20 minutes or until tender. Cool pears in wine mixture to room temperature. You can refrigerate them in the poaching liquid until youre ready to fill them.nRemove stems from pears and set stems aside. Core pears with an apple corer, leaving pear whole.nWhisk together mascarpone cheese, heavy cream, pinch cinnamon and powdered sugar until smooth. Transfer to a pastry bag, or if you do not have one, use wax paper tightly wrapped into a cone with the corner snipped off. Pipe filling into cored pears and finish by putting the stems gently into the mascarpone filling on top of the pears.nBring sauce up to a simmer and reduce by half. Add butter to reduced sauce and stir until combined. Spoon generously over pears. Cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [6 firm Bartlett pears, 1 bottle red wine, 1 vanilla bean, whole, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups sugar, 2 8 ounce containers mascarpone cheese, softened, 12 cup heavy cream, Pinch cinnamon, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Red Wine Poached Pears with Mascarpone Filling, picturelink: VQWpB8.ccTwfHjHng9mJ.LsWEz0.}, 38231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the coconut oil in a Dutch oven set over medium heat. Add the leeks, carrots and celery, and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic, thyme, bay leaves and creole seasoning stir, and saute 2 more minutes.nAdd the mushroom broth, beer, tomatoes and pinto beans. Bring to a simmer, then cover with a tightfitting lid and cook until the beans are tender, about 1 hour.nUncover the pot and cook until the liquid is reduced by onethird, about 15 minutes. Season with 2 tablespoons of the miso paste and some pepper. Taste and add more miso as needed., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coconut oil, 4 leeks, white parts only, sliced thin and washed to remove dirt, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, diced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning blend should be spicy, 5 cups mushroom broth, One 12ounce bottle dark beer, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes with juices, 2 cups dried pinto beans, soaked overnight and drained, 2 to 4 tablespoons red miso paste depending on saltiness, Coarsely ground black pepper, Sour cream, for garnish, Sliced green onions, for garnish], title: Creole Pinto Beans, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 38232: {instructions: Roll out the dough 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into a 10inch tart inch pan with a removable fluted rim, and trim the edge, leaving a 12inch overhang. Fold the overhang inward onto the side of the shell for 30 minutes. Spread the chocolate. Melted on the bottom of the shell and chill the shell for 15 minutes. In a heavy saucepan combine the brown sugar and the syrup, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer it for 5 minutes. Let the mixture cool until it is no longer bubbling, add the butter, and stir the mixture until the butter is melted. In a bowl whisk together the eggs, the vanilla, and a pinch of salt and add the syrup mixture in a slow stream, whisking. Add the pecans to the shell, pour in the egg mixture, and if necessary tap down the pecans to coat them with the egg mixture. Bake the tart for 40 to 45 minutes, or until the crust is pale golden, let cool, and serve it warm with ice cream., ingredients: [1 recipe pate brisee, 3 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 34 firmly packed brown sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 23 cups pecans halves, Ice cream of your liking for garnish], title: Pecan Chocolate Tart, picturelink: null}, 38233: {instructions: For the broth: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the turkey bones and parts, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil in a large bowl. Lightly sprinkle with salt and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet, spreading everything out into a somewhat even layer it is okay if some items slightly overlap. Roast turning the bones and vegetables halfway through until the vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the star anise pods, peppercorns and cinnamon sticks to a large pot. Set over medium heat and toast until very fragrant, shaking the pot occasionally, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the chicken broth, fish sauce, according to taste, and 8 cups of water.nAdd the roasted turkey bones and vegetables to the pot, scraping any browned bits off of the baking sheet and adding them in as well. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and gently simmer for 1 hour. Remove from the heat and strain the broth through a finemesh sieve and into another large pot. The broth can be made to this point up to 2 days in advance let cool, then refrigerate in a covered container. Stir the shredded turkey meat into the hot broth.nFor the soup: Cook the noodles according to the package instructions. Divide the noodles among 6 bowls then top with the broth and shredded meat. Serve with the bean sprouts, Thai basil, jalapenos, red onion, hoisin sauce, sriracha and a lime wedge on the side so that guests can top their pho as they like., ingredients: [Broth:, 1 leftover turkey carcass, including any leg bones and reserved turkey parts such as the neck, wings, etc., plus 1 pound leftover turkey meat about 4 cups, shredded into large bitesize pieces, 3 large yellow onions, halved, One 6inch piece fresh ginger root, halved lengthwise, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 4 star anise pods, 3 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 2 cinnamon sticks, 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 to 13 cup fish sauce, 1 pound flat rice noodles, 4 cups fresh bean sprouts, 1 large bunch Thai basil, 2 jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced, 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, Hoisin sauce andor sriracha Asian chile sauce, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Leftover Roast Turkey Pho, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 38234: {instructions: Select the fish you like to eat, Jazz is great on them all however, be sure your selection is suitable for the grill. Some fish grill better than others, if youre unsure, ask your butcher. Excellent selections are salmon, bass, halibut, mahimahi, yellowtail, and lingcod.nHeat the grill on high. Combine the butter and olive oil in a bowl and set aside. Combine the pineapple, jalapeno, and honey.nBrush a mix of melted butter and olive oil onto the fillet or fish steak before placing it in the grill. This will cause the flames to rise up, searing in the juices. Brush more of this mixture on the top as its cooking. Do not overcook, most fish grill quickly. You must adjust the cooking time based on the thickness of the fish being cooked.nFlip the fillets or steaks and reapply another brushing of the butteroil mixture. Once seared, reduce the flame to low and close the lid on the barbecue. Wait a few minutes until fish is nearly done and pour the pineapple mixture or Jazz HoneyJalapeno Pineapple Sauce over the top. Close the lid and cook until the fish is cooked.nGarnish platter with green leaf lettuce, carefully place fish on the bed of lettuce, and serve. This is a simple and amazingly eye attractive dish. Sit back and enjoy the raves from your guests., ingredients: [2 pounds seafood, 14 cup butter, melted, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped pineapple, 14 cup seeded and finely chopped jalapenos, 14 cup honey, Green leaf lettuce, Jazz HoneyJalapeno Sauce can be used instead of the pineapple, jalapenos, and honey], title: Jazz on the Grill: Seafood BBQ, picturelink: null}, 38235: {instructions: Line a cookie sheet with waxed paper. Melt caramels with milk in microwave on low heat for 1 12 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Stir walnuts into caramel. Using about 13 cup of popcorn for each ball, dip 1 end of each popcorn kernel into melted caramel and adhere to another popcorn kernel. Repeat with remaining popcorn, forming 12 2inch popcorn balls. Store in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [18 soft caramel candies, unwrapped, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 cup finely chopped walnuts, toasted, 1 3ounce package microwave popped popcorn, or about 4 cups popped popcorn], title: Caramel Popcorn Cones, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 38236: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a skillet, over medium heat. Add the prosciutto and cook until crisp. Remove and drain on paper towels. Set aside.nLightly oil a serving plate with some of the prosciutto crisping oil and put it in a warm oven until ready to serve.nDrain the ricotta of excess moisture in a fine mesh sieve for 10 to 15 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the peas and blanch them until just tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the peas to an ice water bath, to shock and stop the cooking and preserve the color. Keep the pot of hot water on the stove to cook the ravioli.nTransfer the peas to a food processor and puree with the drained ricotta and salt and pepper, to taste. Put a teaspoon or more depending on wonton size of the pea mixture in the center of each wonton wrapper avoid overfilling. Dampen the inside outer edges of wonton with water and fold, pinching around the borders to ensure that the ravioli is well sealed. Repeat with the remaining wonton wrappers and filling.nBring the pot of hot water to a boil over medium heat.nDrop the ravioli, in batches, into the boiling water and cook until tender and the wrapper becomes slightly translucent, about 3 minutes. With a slotted spoon or skimmer, transfer the cooked ravioli to the lightly oiled serving plate. Drizzle with lemon infused olive oil and top with crispy prosciutto and a few peas. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lemon infused olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 slices prosciutto, cut into thin strips, 12 ounces fresh whole milk ricotta, 1 12 cups fresh shelled English peas, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 24 to 36 square wonton wrappers], title: Fresh Pea Ravioli with Crispy Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 38237: {instructions: Melt the butter in a Dutch oven or large heavybottomed pot. Add the whole potatoes, salt, and pepper and toss well. Cover the pot tightly and cook over low heat for 20 to 30 minutes, until the potatoes are just tender when tested with a small knife. From time to time, shake the pot without removing the lid to prevent the bottom potatoes from burning. Turn off the heat and allow the potatoes to steam for another 5 minutes. Dont overcook Toss with the herbs, and serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 12 pounds small white or Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh green herbs, such as parsley, chives, and dill], title: Herbed New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 38238: {instructions: Combine the shallots, lemon zest and juice, mustard, anchovy paste and the hardboiled egg and egg yolk in a blender, then slowly stream in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped shallots, Grated zest of 1 lemon plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons anchovy paste, 1 hardboiled egg, 1 hardboiled egg yolk, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.], title: HardBoiled Egg Dressing, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 38239: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nSeason chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and salt in shallow dish. Dip chicken in eggs, then bread crumb mixture.nHeat olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook chicken, turning once, 8 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked.nEvenly spread 1 cup Sauce in 13 x 9inch baking dish, then arrange chicken. Evenly spoon 12 cup Sauce on chicken, then top with asparagus and mozzarella. Bake 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling. Top, if desired, with shaved Parmesan cheese. Serve with remaining Sauce, heated., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., pounded thin, 12 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 2 Tbsp. grated Parmesan cheese, 14 tsp. salt, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Organic Traditional Sauce, 12 spears asparagus, partially cooked, 4 slices mozzarella stuffed with prosciutto about 4 oz.], title: Chicken and Asparagus Parmesan, picturelink: aOWwE2bT42txzglXWrL.RRjqaMi3a}, 38240: {instructions: Bring water to a boil, turn off heat add tea bags and steep until tea is dark, about 5 minutes. Remove bags, add mango nectar and add sugar, to taste. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Place in pitcher and add mint leaves. Pour over ice and garnish with mango slices., ingredients: [1 12 quarts cold water, 6 high quality black tea bags, 2 cups mango nectar, Sugar, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, Thinly sliced mango], title: Mango Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 38241: {instructions: In a large bowl stir together the garlic paste, tomatoes, arugula, olives, oil, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste and let the mixture marinate for 20 minutes. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook the linguine for 10 minutes, or until it is al dente, drain it, and while it is still hot, toss it with the sauce. Serve the pasta warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 6 fresh plum tomatoes, chopped, 2 bunches of arugula, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well, spun dry, and chopped coarse about 2 cups, 10 kalamata or other brinecured black olives, pitted and chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste, 1 pound linguine], title: Linguine with Uncooked Tomato, Arugula, and Olive Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the ketchup, curry powder and fennel pollen. Set aside to let the flavors relax as you prepare the chicken.nSlice the chicken breasts at a slight angle, about 13inch thick, making 4inchlong chicken fingers. Place the flour, eggs and pretzel crumbs in three separate shallow bowls. Season the flour and egg each with 14 teaspoon salt. Working one at a time, dip the chicken fingers in the flour, then in the egg and, lastly, in the pretzel crumbs, pressing gently to adhere.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 14 cup of the oil to the pan. When hot, add half of the chicken fingers  the chicken should begin to sizzle gently when it hits the pan. Cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Drain on a papertowellined plate. Repeat with the remaining oil and chicken fingers, wiping out the pan between uses.nServe warm with the curry ketchup for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon Madras curry powder, 14 teaspoon fennel pollen, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, 12 cup flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups ground pretzels, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil], title: PretzelCrusted Chicken Fingers with Curry Ketchup, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 38243: {instructions: Place 2 egg whites and 1 whole egg in a microwavesafe bowl about 7 inches in diameter. Add 2 tablespoons turkey, 1 tablespoon Parmesan and salt and pepper to taste. Whisk with a fork. Microwave on high 1 minute. Stir and microwave 30 seconds and stir. For drier eggs, microwave 30 seconds more. Arrange lettuce leaves on 2 plates and place tomato slices on top. Spoon eggs onto plate. Using the same bowl, repeat for second serving., ingredients: [2 egg whites, 1 large eggs, 2 ounces smoked turkey, cut into small cubes, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Several romaine lettuce leaves, 1 medium tomato, sliced], title: Microwave Eggs Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 38244: {instructions: Place salmon, skinside down in a glass baking dish. Rub with sherry. In a mortar grind together salt, sugar and pepper lightly with a pestle. Coat flesh side of salmon with salt mixture. Strew tarragon over salmon, distributing it evenly. Top with another glass dish and weight it with cans. Refrigerate for 48 hours, basting a few times with accumulated liquid.nCook asparagus in boiling, salted water until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Refresh under cold water, then pat dry. Set aside at room temperature.nPrepare sauce: In a small saucepan bring sherry to a boil and reduce it by onethird. Let cool slightly, then pour into workbowl of a food processor with mayonnaise and mustard. Process for 5 seconds. Combine walnut and vegetable oils and, with the motor running, slowly begin to add to sherry mixture drop by drop. After 1 tablespoon of oil has been absorbed, you can begin to pour it slowly in a thin stream. Process to a medium consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside at room temperature.nRemove tarragon from salmon and wash off brine under cold water. With a very sharp knife, cut salmon into broad, thin slices. Divide among dinner plates. Pour a little sauce alongside. Top decoratively with asparagus. Grind black, ingredients: [1 2 pound thick salmon fillet, wellchilled, 3 tablespoons mediumdry Amontillado sherry, 4 tablespoons coarse salt, 4 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon freshlyground black pepper, 4 cups fresh tarragon leaves, 64 very thin asparagus spears, ends peeled, 34 cup Amontillado sherry, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup walnut oil, 12 cup neutralflavored vegetable oil, such as canola or sunflower], title: Raw Salmon Marinated in Amontillado Sherry, picturelink: null}, 38245: {instructions: Heat a large castiron pan, and add the vegetable oil. Once the oil is hot, add the mushrooms and some salt and pepper and cook until golden brown. Transfer the mushrooms to a plate, and refrigerate. Put the bean sprouts in a tall plastic container, add some salt and 4 tablespoons of the lime juice and refrigerate. Before you cook the eggs, gather all the ingredients and start building your bowls: Add 1 teaspoon of the sesame oil into each of 4 bowls, and spread it around with a plastic spatula. Distribute the quinoa evenly among the bowls, and continue with the nori, lettuce, sesame seeds, kimchi and tofu. I like to keep everything separated near the edge of the bowl. Once the bowls are filled, heat a large nonstick pan over medium heat, add enough oil to coat the whole pan and add the eggs. Cook to desired doneness I prefer mine sunnyside up, so the yolks can coat all the ingredients. Once the eggs are cooked, season with salt and pepper, and place 1 egg in the middle of each bowl. Garnish with green onions and cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for cooking eggs, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bean sprouts, Juice of 2 limes, 4 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 cups cooked red quinoa season with salt, cook in a rice cooker in a ratio of 2 water to 1 red quinoa, and refrigerate, 1 pack toasted nori sheets, 1 head organic baby lettuce, picked, washed and dried, 2 tablespoons toasted white sesame seeds, 1 cup kimchi, sliced, 4 ounces soft tofu, 4 large eggs, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, for garnish, Leaves from 12 bunch cilantro, for garnish], title: Korean Quinoa Bowl, picturelink: FovPIJhDCyIWsc7pbgVFIP4SEq2bC26}, 38246: {instructions: Make court bouillon: Cut up leek, carrot, and celery and in a large saucepan bring to a boil with remaining ingredients. Boil mixture 10 minutes and pour through a fine sieve into a bowl. Court bouillon keeps, covered and chilled, 3 days or, frozen, 2 months. Makes about 2 quarts.nRinse fillets under cold water then pat dry. Lay salmon strips on top of sole fillets. Coat lightly with 2 tablespoons of the butter on one side. Sprinkle on the same side with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon white pepper, then add the parsley.nStarting at the narrow tapered end, roll up each fillet loosely and secure the ends with 1 or 2 toothpicks. This may be prepared in advance, covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated up to 4 hours.nBring court bouillon to a simmer. Place fish in simmering court bouillon for 5 to 8 minutes, or pour boiling Court Bouillon over fish and let stand 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer fish rolls one at a time with a small metal spatula to plates. Let rest 1 to 2 minutes, then remove the liquid that accumulates., ingredients: [12 small leek white and pale green parts only, a 3inch piece carrot, a 3inch piece celery rib, 3 medium garlic cloves, 7 cups cold water, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 fresh thyme sprig, 2 bay leaves not the stronger California variety, 1 12 teaspoons white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 4 fish fillets of sole or any other white fleshed fish, 38inch thick, trimmed to about 6 inches in length, 4 salmon strips, 1 by 6 inches, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter or oil, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley], title: Paupiettes de Sole a la Vapeur, picturelink: null}, 38247: {instructions: Make the franks: Whisk the flour, cornmeal, sugar and paprika in a large bowl. Add the egg and milk and whisk to make a thick batter, adding more milk if the mixture is too dry. Add 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nHeat about 2 inches vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Dip the franks in the batter, then carefully wrap a long curly fry around each. If desired, thread the franks on wooden skewers before wrapping with fries.nWorking in batches, fry the franks in the hot oil, turning, until golden on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels sprinkle with salt.nMeanwhile, make the dip: Whisk the Sriracha, lime juice and mayonnaise in a bowl. Serve with the franks.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon paprika, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 18 cocktail franks, 5 to 6 cups frozen curly french fries, thawed slightly about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon Sriracha hot Asian chili sauce Juice of 12 lime, 14 cup mayonnaise], title: French Fry Franks, picturelink: ITz9oSPzJMP8tJESV6IBrlOK4I14bWy}, 38248: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In an 8 by 8inch baking dish, arrange a fourth of the potatoes, season to taste with salt and pepper and pour a fourth of the cream over all. Repeat with the remaining potatoes and cream, forming 4 layers. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until the cream has been absorbed and the potatoes are browned. Remove from the oven and let sit 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy cream, 3 Idaho or other large, waxy potatoes, peeled and sliced thin, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Potatoes au Gratin, picturelink: null}, 38249: {instructions: Cook 4 ounces diced pancetta in a saucepan until slightly crisp. Add 2 cloves minced garlic, one 14ounce can crushed tomatoes and 1 cup water bring to a boil. Stir in two 15ounce cans drained and rinsed white beans, 2 tablespoons each honey and balsamic vinegar, 1 sprig thyme and a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes. Simmer until thickened, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and top with chopped parsley., ingredients: [], title: Balsamic Beans, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 38250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the stems from the mushrooms and chop them finely. Set aside. Place the mushroom caps in a shallow bowl and toss with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and Marsala. Set aside.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage, crumbling it with the back of a wooden spoon. Cook the sausage for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until its completely browned. Add the chopped mushroom stems and cook for 3 more minutes. Stir in the scallions and garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the panko crumbs, stirring to combine evenly with all the other ingredients. Finally, swirl in the mascarpone and continue cooking until the mascarpone has melted and made the sausage mixture creamy. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan, parsley, and season with salt and pepper, to taste, Cool slightly.nFill each mushroom generously with the sausage mixture. Arrange the mushrooms in a baking dish large enough to hold all the mushrooms in a snug single layer. Bake until the stuffing for 50 minutes, until the stuffing is browned and crusty., ingredients: [16 extralarge white mushrooms, 5 tablespoons good olive oil, divided, 2 12 tablespoons Marsala wine or medium sherry, 34 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from the casings, 6 scallions, white and green parts, minced, 2 garlic cloves minced, 23 cup panko crumbs, 5 ounces mascarpone cheese, preferably from Italy, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 12 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: SausageStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: 4OnRAvOJr2DSO43PShJA1yMBzmNi8O}, 38251: {instructions: In a nonaluminum pan, bring cream to a boil with the lemon grass and scraped vanilla beans. Simmer on very low heat for 20 minutes. Mix will reduce about 20 per cent. Pull off heat and store overnight. The next day, strain the lemon grass and vanilla beans out and lift to whip cream stage. Bring yolks, eggs, and sugar to ribbon stage, whisking constantly over a bain marie. 110 degrees. Using a mixer, whip at high speed for 10 minutes until the mix is pale in color and light. Fold in the lifted cream. Place in molds and freeze at least 4 hours, preferably overnight.nPINEAPPLE SALSA: In a nonstick pan, heat all together and serve warm with the frozen parfait., ingredients: [6 stalks lemon grass, chopped, white part only, 4 vanilla beans, 3 cups heavy cream, 12 egg yolks, 6 eggs, 13 ounces 10x powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups pineapple, peeled, cored and diced, Juice of 1 orange, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Lemon Grass Parfait with Warm Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 38252: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the slaw: Toss the green cabbage, red cabbage, vinegar, oil, salt pepper and green onions in a medium bowl to blend. Cover and refrigerate while preparing the pork.nFor the pork: In a medium bowl, whisk together the orange juice, soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, sesame oil, pepper, garlic, ginger and orange zest to blend. Add the pork tenderloin and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, turning occasionally.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove the pork from the marinade. Reserve the marinade. Place the pork on a nonstick heavy baking sheet and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the pork from the oven and let stand 5 to 10 minutes.nPour the marinade into a heavy medium saucepan and whisk in the arrowroot. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the sauce from the heat and cool slightly.nTransfer the pork tenderloin to a work surface and cut crosswise into 14 to 13inchthick slices. Divide the pork among the bottom halves of the rolls. Top the pork with sauce and slaw. Cover with the top halves of the rolls and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups very thinly sliced green cabbage about 14 cabbage, 1 12 cups very thinly sliced red cabbage about 14 cabbage, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 thinly sliced green onions about 12 cup, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 packed cup golden brown sugar, 2 12 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, Zest of 1 large orange, One 1 to 1 14pound pork tenderloin, trimmed, 2 teaspoons arrowroot, 10 to 12 mini Hawaiianstyle sweet rolls, halved horizontally], title: Sweet and Sour Pork Sliders, picturelink: fKp878DWEeqcoGUmkZ3OeoSy.Z2bA.}, 38253: {instructions: Fill 4 martini glasses with ginger ale. Add a splash of maraschino cherry juice to each glass. Garnish each drink with 2 maraschino cherries., ingredients: [Ginger ale, Maraschino cherry juice, 8 maraschino cherries], title: Pink Contessas, picturelink: null}, 38254: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine mashed potatoes, Parmesan, bacon, 1 tablespoon parsley, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons flour, salt and pepper. Using 2 tablespoons or a small ice cream scoop form into balls then flatten slightly.nIn a pie plate combine the other egg with milk. Set up a breading station with one plate of flour, then the egg mixture then the bread crumbs and panko. Place croquettes in flour, dip in egg then roll in breadcrumbs.nHeat canola oil to 360 degrees F and fry for about 4 minutes until browned on all sides. You can also shallow fry these in a pan with about 1 inch of oil then flip them.nPlace on a paper towel lined plate. Sprinkle with a bit of salt.nIn a small bowl combine mayonnaise, cranberry sauce, orange juice, remaining parsley, and salt and pepper. Serve with croquettes while theyre hot., ingredients: [2 cups leftover mashed potatoes, 2 tablespooons grated Parmesan, 14 cup cooked and chopped, bacon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 eggs, 12 cup allpurpose flour plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup milk, 12 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 12 cup panko, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup cranberry sauce, 12 orange, juiced], title: Mashed Potato Croquettes with Cranberry Mayo, picturelink: 2EVyg6g1syuHQpo8X4Qgq8TIwThPJC2}, 38255: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil and cook the egg noodles to al dente according to the package instructions. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until starting to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, for a couple of minutes. Sprinkle the flour evenly over the mixture and stir so that the flour coats the onions and mushrooms thoroughly. Cook, stirring, for another minute. Add the milk and sherry and whisk to combine. Cook the sauce until its nice and thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle in salt and pepper to taste and stir. Adjust the seasoning to make sure the sauce is adequately salted.nAdd the tuna and stir it into the sauce. Then stir in the bell pepper and 1 tablespoon of the parsley. Stir in the noodles until theyre coated. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish and transfer the noodle mixture to the dish.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a bowl in the microwave stir it around with the breadcrumbs and remaining tablespoon of parsley.nTop the casserole with the breadcrumbs and bake until golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve piping hot with a green salad and warm crusty bread., ingredients: [12 ounces wide egg noodles, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, plus extra for buttering the baking dish, 1 medium onion, diced, 6 ounces white button mushrooms, finely chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups warmed whole milk, 12 cup dry sherry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Three 6.4ounce cans white albacore tuna in water, drained, 14 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, Serving suggestions: a green salad and crusty bread], title: Tuna Noodle Casserole, picturelink: fbd2RREzNptFSTegnwF03goFn55vaC}, 38256: {instructions: Prepare the corn by cutting the kernels from the cob. You should have approximately 3 cups of corn kernels from 4 cobs of corn. Save the corn cobs and set aside. The cobs will add additional corn flavor to the soup. In a mediumsized saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, then the onions. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes until they are translucent, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and chipotle chili powder and saute for 1 more minute. Add the corn kernels and saute for another 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the salt, black pepper, and chicken stock and bring to a boil. If you have cut your corn fresh from the cob, place the reserved cobs into the saucepan at this time. Once the mixture has boiled, reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Stir occasionally to prevent the corn kernels from burning or sticking to the bottom of the pan. While the corn soup is simmering, roast the red bell pepper. Char the skin of the pepper until it is black over an open flame or on a grill. When the skin is blistered and blackened, remove the pepper from the flame and place in a paper or plastic bag and seal. Let steam for 15 minutes. When the pepper is cool enough to handle, peel, seed, and dice it.nPlace the diced bell pepper into a blender with 12 cup of the heavy cream and blend thoroughly for 1 minute. Pour through a fine sieve and discard the contents of the sieve. Pour the red bell pepper sauce into a plastic squirt bottle and set aside. Remove the corn soup mixture from the heat, discard the corn cobs and set aside. Place the corn soup mixture in a blender and puree for 3 minutes. Pour the mixture through a sieve and discard the contents of the sieve. Return the mixture to a saucepan, add the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream, and heat, over medium heat for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally to prevent burning. Pour into bowls, garnish with some of the red pepper sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ears corn, kernels scraped from the cob, or 3 cups corn kernels fresh, frozen, or canned, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon dried chipotle chili powder see note, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 12 cups heavy cream], title: Spicy Corn Soup, picturelink: enrsM0bCc2rgnDTzJ3A3HzTHku24JJC}, 38257: {instructions: Whisk 1 cup flour, 1 12 cups almond meal, 1 tablespoon baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk 23 cup milk, 1 egg and 13 cup vegetable oil, then stir in the flour mixture. Drop scoops of the dough on a parchment paperlined baking sheet, sprinkle with sugar and bake at 475 degrees F until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Split the shortcakes and fill with whipped cream and blackberries.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Almond Shortcakes, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 38258: {instructions: Bring a pot of water with a pinch of salt to a rapid boil. While the water heats, fill a large bowl 34 full with ice and add enough cold water to just cover ice. Add the green beans, carrots and garbanzo beans to boiling water in small batches to ensure the water does not lose its boil. Boil the vegetables for 3 to 4 minutes, strain and submerge into ice bath as quickly as possible. Remove vegetables from the ice bath as soon as they are no longer warm.nIn a small bowl, whisk together harissa spice, lemon juice, olive oil and white wine vinegar set aside.nPlace green beans, carrots, garbanzo beans and diced cucumbers in a serving dish and toss with harissa dressing. Serve cold or warm by slightly heating in a saucepan.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 cups green beans cut into 2 to 3inch pieces, 1 12 cups carrots julienne, cut into 2 to 3inch pieces, 1 15ounce can garbanzo beans, drained, 1 cup cucumber, peeled and diced, 4 teaspoons harissa spice, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar], title: Harissa Spiced Green Bean Salad, picturelink: TwtyIwzG4exWudK.A8Loaprmmn9QK}, 38259: {instructions: Fill a highsided saute pan with the butter and oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nPound out the pork cutlets between 2 pieces of plastic wrap until they are 14inch thick. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Set up a dredging station with the flour, eggs and panko in 3 separate bowls. Dredge the cutlets first in the flour, shaking off any excess, followed by the egg and panko.nCarefully slip the cutlets into the oil and shallow fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and serve immediately with Braised Red Cabbage. Garnish with lemon wedges.nCombine the cabbage, vinegar, spices, onions and bay leaves in a glass bowl. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and weigh down with heavy cans. Marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator, keeping any liquid thats released.nIn a Dutch oven, saute the bacon until it begins to crisp and the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and reserve. Add the red cabbage mixture plus 1 cup water and cook over medium heat until the cabbage is soft, 45 minutes to 1 hour, stirring regularly.nWhisk together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl until it looks like heavy cream. Add to the cabbage mixture and boil until thickened, about 2 minutes. Return the bacon to the pan, season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups clarified butter, 1 14 cups canola oil, 6 boneless pork loin cutlets, 1inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 eggs, beaten, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, finely ground in food processor, Braised Red Cabbage, for serving, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 medium head red cabbage, julienned, 12 cup cider vinegar or red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 bay leaves, 3 ounces doublesmoked bacon, diced, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Schnitzel, WienerStyle, picturelink: j2vPo6otQ8PY9VwMzAFuB..ppizS2Q6}, 38260: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350F.nTOP crackers with meat and cheese.nBAKE 4 to 5 min. or until cheese is melted.nMIX sour cream and steak sauce: spoon onto crackers.nTOP with onions and parsley. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 RITZ Snowflake Crackers, 14 lb. cooked steak, cut into 12 bitesize pieces, 3 oz. KRAFT Pepper Jack Cheese, cut into 12 pieces, 2 Tbsp. BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN Sour Cream, 2 tsp. A.1. Original Steak Sauce, 2 Tbsp. finely chopped red onions, 2 tsp. finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Spicy Beef Melts, picturelink: BhT9T29qN48fBi6h.3bgW8LQS4x.Sy}, 38261: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine the yogurt, lime juice, avocado, jalapeno, 34 teaspoon salt and 2 tablespoons water in a blender and puree until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the wings: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Drizzle the garlic heads with 1 tablespoon of the oil and wrap in foil. Bake until golden and soft, about 1 12 hours.nAfter about a 30 minutes, generously oil 2 rimmed baking sheets. Toss the wings with 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper and divide them between the two baking sheets, spreading them in a single layer. Bake until very crispy, about 55 minutes.nSqueeze the baked garlic from the heads into a large bowl. Combine the balsamic vinegar, honey, thyme, red pepper flakes, 13 cup water and 1 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat slightly and simmer briskly until the liquid becomes syrupy and is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Whisk into the bowl with the garlic.nTransfer the baked wings to the bowl with the glaze and toss to combine. Serve with the dipping sauce and lime wedges.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Dipping Sauce:, 14 cup plain Greek yogurt, Juice of 2 limes, 1 avocado, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and chopped, Kosher salt, Wings:, 2 heads garlic, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling the baking sheets, 4 pounds split chicken wings, wing tips removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 sprigs thyme, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Baked Garlic Balsamic Wings with Spicy Avocado Greek Yogurt Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38262: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 4 large martini glasses in the freezer. Combine the sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl whisk until the sugar dissolves. The lemon syrup can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.nCombine 14 cup lemon syrup and the vodka in a martini shaker. Add ice cubes. Cover and shake 8 to 10 times, then strain the mixture equally into 4 very cold martini glasses about 3 tablespoons each. Add 14 cup chilled sparkling wine to each glass. Garnish each martini with a lemon slice if desired, and serve very cold., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, preferably superfine, 12 cup strained fresh lemon juice about 2 large lemons, 12 cup chilled vodka, Ice cubes, 1 cup chilled sweet sparkling white wine, such as Asti Spumante, Lemon slices, optional], title: Lemon and Vodka Martinis, picturelink: ezd1mjJ92zHzz8jdZWpCg.nFrKKOI0O}, 38263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Throw in the roast beef and move it around with a spatula, breaking it up a bit as you go. Add a few dashes of Worcestershire sauce and warm for about a minute or so, then remove to a plate and set aside.nAdd 2 tablespoons butter to the same skillet and throw in the onions and peppers. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook the veggies until dark golden and soft, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the black pepper and cayenne to the processed cheese sauce, then microwave according to the package instructions.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter on a griddle over medium heat, then place the deli roll halves on the griddle until golden brown.nTo build the sandwiches, place a pile of beef on the bottom half of each roll. Spoon cheese sauce over the beef. Top with peppers and onions, then top with more cheese sauce. Place the top half of the roll on top and serve immediately as is, or with a little spicy mustard, horseradish or hot sauce if you like, ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pounds thinly shaved goodquality deli roast beef, Few dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 yellow onion, sliced thick, 1 green bell pepper, sliced thick, 1 red bell pepper, sliced thick, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced thick, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 15ounce jar processed cheese sauce or spread, such as Cheez Whiz, 6 deli rolls, halved, Serving suggestions: spicy mustard, horseradish or hot sauce, optional], title: Pawhuska Cheese Steaks, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 38264: {instructions: Blend 10 to 15 seconds and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 14 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons soybean powder anatomy elixir, 1 teaspoon agave nectar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup mixed berries, 34 cup ice], title: Triple Berry, picturelink: null}, 38265: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE cake mix, butter and 1 egg in large bowl beat at medium speed of electric mixer until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press evenly into prepared pan.nBAKE 15 minutes. Remove from oven sprinkle with pecans and butterscotch chips.nBEAT sweetened condensed milk, remaining 2 eggs and vanilla in small bowl. Pour evenly over chips.nBAKE an additional 25 to 30 minutes or until center is set. Cool thoroughly. Cut into bars.nTo toast pecans: Place pecans in dry nonstick skillet cook over medium heat, shaking pan until nuts are lightly brown., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 18.25 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Yellow Cake, 13 cup butter, softened, 3 large eggs, 1 cup chopped pecans, toasted, 1 cup 6 oz. butterscotchflavored chips, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Butterscotch Blondies, picturelink: w8IylZhvrSHO22QaFYRa4GT4Lhj3.xi}, 38266: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all of the ingredients in a medium mixing bowl. Put 4 layers of cheesecloth in a fine mesh sieve set over a large bowl or plastic container. Add the yogurt and cover with the cheesecloth overhang. Put a small plate directly on the cheesecloth and top with a 16ounce can. Refrigerate for 1 hour. The desired consistency is that of Greek yogurt or thick sour cream. Store in the refrigerator, in an airtight container, for up to 10 days., ingredients: [1 quart plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Greek Style Yogurt Herb Cheese Spread, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 38267: {instructions: Trim and blanch asparagus spears in boiling salted water for about 1 minute and then chill in an ice bath. Dry them with paper towels. Wrap a slice of ham around each of the asparagus, leaving the tips showing. Serve with lemon wedges and sprinkle with black pepper., ingredients: [12 asparagus spears, 12 slices Parma ham, 1 lemon, cut into small wedges, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Asparagus Nibbles, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 38268: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Remove giblet bag from cavity. Rinse chicken and pat dry. Stuff the chicken cavity with peeled onion or split lemon. Rub skin with minced garlic, salt and pepper. Roast in oven for approximately 10 minutes per pound, until juices run clear. The temperature of chicken should reach approximately 160 degrees. Let chicken sit to allow juices to reabsorb. Carve and serve.nRemove grease from the roasting pan using a large spoon, but leave brown bits and juices. On stovetop place pan over medium heat. Add chicken stock. Scrape up bits and bring to a simmer. Season and serve with carved chicken., ingredients: [6 to 7 pound chicken, 1 large onion or lemon, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and pepper, Juice and oil of roasted chicken, 1 cup canned chicken stock, Salt and pepper], title: Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38269: {instructions: Whisk the flour, cornstarch, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Set aside.nBeat the melted butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla and almond extracts in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until thick and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg and egg yolk. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Stir in 1 cup each chocolate chips and shredded coconut. Refrigerate the dough until firm enough to scoop, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Arrange tablespoonsize scoops of dough about 2 inches apart on the baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until lightly golden, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPut the remaining 1 12 cups shredded coconut in a medium bowl. Melt the remaining 2 cups chocolate chips with the vegetable oil in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring, until smooth. Dip each cookie partway in the melted chocolate, then immediately dip in the coconut. Return to the parchmentlined baking sheets and refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 2 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil], title: Chococonut Cookies, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 38270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan to high and a soup pot to medium high. Drizzle oil on corn and place on grill. Add red pepper to grill with corn. Char vegetables 10 minutes, total, turning occasionally. Remove to cool, 5 minutes. Remove charred skin from the pepper.nWhile vegetables cook, dice chicken. Add 2 tablespoons oil to hot soup pot. Add chicken to pot. Season with poultry seasoning, cumin, salt and pepper. Lightly brown chicken on each side. Add zucchini, onions and garlic and chipotle peppers. Cook vegetables with chicken 5 to 7 minutes to soften. Add tomatoes, tomato sauce and stock. Bring soup to a bubble, reduce heat to medium low.nScrape corn off cob and add to soup. Chop grilled red pepper and stir into soup. Add chips to soup in handfuls and fold in. Serve soup immediately with scatter of shredded cheese and a dollop of sour cream. Top with any or all of the suggested garnishes., ingredients: [Vegetable or corn oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons  2 turns of the pot in a slow stream, 3 ears corn on the cob or 2 ears freshfrozen cobs, defrosted, 1 red bell pepper, split and seeded, 1 pound chicken breast tenders, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 13 palm full, 1 teaspoon cumin, 13 palm full, Salt and pepper, 1 small to medium zucchini, small dice, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 chipotle in adobo peppers medium to hot heat level, chopped  available in small cans in Mexican and Spanish food section of market, 1 can stewed tomatoes, 28 ounces, 1 can tomato sauce, 8 ounces, 3 cups chicken stock, available in resealable paper containers on soup aisle, 4 cups blue corn tortilla chips, broken up into large pieces, 1 cup shredded cheddar or pepper Jack cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 14 red raw onion, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro or parsley leaves, 1 ripe avocado, diced and dressed with the juice of 12 lemon], title: WhytheChickenCrossedtheRoad Santa FeTastic Tortilla Soup, picturelink: sb7lCq3nBHPMFr5UTaazC6EJ1QXU16}, 38271: {instructions: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir together the cream cheese, lemon zest, 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, the chopped dill, a large pinch of salt and several grinds of pepper in a small mixing bowl. Set aside.nDivide the pizza dough into 2 balls. Sprinkle the flour on a clean flat surface and roll each ball into an elongated crust, approximately 16 inches long and 6 inches wide. Transfer the crusts to the prepared baking sheet. Brush both sides of both crusts with 2 tablespoons of the oil and lightly sprinkle with salt.nLightly oil the grill grates. Grill the crusts until they start to puff and distinct grill marks appear, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until just cooked through, an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Discard the used parchment paper and put the finished crusts on the baking sheet.nSmear each crust with the cream cheese mixture. Shingle the smoked salmon on top making sure that each bite will have a piece of salmon. Scatter the sliced cucumbers and radishes on top of the salmon and garnish with dill fronds.nWhisk together the remaining lemon juice, remaining 2 tablespoons oil and a large pinch of salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the mesclun mix and toss to combine. Serve the pizzas familystyle or cut each pizza in half and serve as individual pizzas for 4 people, with some salad on the side.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [8 ounces whipped cream cheese, at room temperature, Zest and juice of 1 small lemon, 14 cup fresh dill, roughly chopped, plus more fronds for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for sprinkling, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 12 pound smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 1 Persian cucumber, verythinly sliced, 2 radishes, verythinly sliced, 5 ounces mesclun mix], title: 20Minute Grilled Pizza with Smoked Salmon and Mixed Greens, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 38272: {instructions: Equipment:nA steaming rackn4inch circle or biscuit cuttern3inch circle or biscuit cutternSeason salmon fillets with salt and pepper. Place a steaming rack in a saucepan or pot and fill with a couple of inches of water. Cover and let salmon steam until the fish flakes. Then set aside to cool.nBegin the lobster bisque sauce. Melt the butter over medium heat in a saucepan, add the shallot saute and saute until translucent. Whisk in the flour to make a roux. Add the brandy and gradually whisk in the stock. Let reduce by half. Whisk in heavy cream and remove from heat.nWhile the lobster bisque sauce is reducing, make the volauvent.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out puff pastry dough, and using a 4inch circle or biscuit cutter, cut out 8 dough rounds. Place 4 of the dough rounds on a lightly greased baking sheet. Using a 3 inch circle or biscuit cutter, cut a concentric circle in the middle of the remaining 4 inch dough rounds to create a halfinch wide circle of dough. These halfinch wide circles of dough are to be used without the 3 inch pieces from the center. Place 1 of these halfinch wide circles of dough on top of each of the rounds already on the baking sheet, matching up the edges. Brush egg wash over the surface of each of the paired dough circles and rounds. Then use a fork to prick through the dough around the perimeter that is, through each dough circle and into the accompanying round beneath it. Place in the oven and bake until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. The center of each will rise. Remove pastry shells from oven and allow to cool slightly.nFlake the now cooled salmon into chunks and fold sauce into the salmon. Do not feel compelled to use all of the sauce. The filling should not be too liquid. Spoon some into each of the pastry shells. Sprinkle with fresh dill and top with 14 teaspoon caviar., ingredients: [2 pounds salmon fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh finely minced dill, 1 teaspoon salmon roe caviar, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, minced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup brandy, 2 cups lobster or seafood stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 sheets puff pastry dough often sold in 17 or 18ounce packages containing 2 9 or 10inch square sheets, 1 to 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash], title: Salmon Wellington, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 38273: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh and lightly oil the grates. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small pot, melt the butter with the garlic and Sichuan peppercorns over low heat.nStir and cook for 2 minutes. Sprinkle over the brown sugar, and cook for an additional 1 to 2 minutes, stir and remove from the heat.nToss the sweet potatoes in 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, and season with salt, to taste. Grill the sweet potato slices on both sides, achieving grill marks. Transfer the grilled rounds to a baking dish and spoon the garlic butter mixture over the sweet potatoes. Roast the potatoes for 20 to 25 minutes, or until they are tender and cooked through., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the grates, 13 cup butter, melted, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, coarsely ground, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 34inch thick rounds about 2 pounds, Kosher salt], title: Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 38274: {instructions: Special equipment: a smallcavity silicone mold and 24 cake pop sticksnFor the flourless chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, mix together the melted chocolate, granulated sugar and cocoa powder. Pour in the hot espresso while mixing and process until the mixture turns creamy. Add the cubed butter piece by piece and process until fully incorporated. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix until fully emulsified. Mix in the vanilla.nFill the cavities of a smallcavity silicon mold with the batter, place in a water bath and bake for 12 minutes. Let cool completely, then refrigerate to set. Once set, remove from the molds.nFor the milk chocolate hazelnut crunch: Put the milk chocolate in a mixing bowl and melt over a double boiler. Add the praline paste and mix until fully emulsified. Take the chocolate mixture off the double boiler and add the feuilletine flakes. Fold gently until fully combined making sure to scrape the bottom of the bowl. Spread evenly on a silicone mat and let set. Cut out pieces the same size as the bottom of the cakes and refrigerate until hardened.nFor the raspberry vanilla bean cream: Put the butter, sugar and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer and cream together until light, fluffy and lighter in color. Add the raspberry puree and mix slowly until completely combined.nTo assemble: Microwave the chocolate chips in a microwavesafe bowl in 15second intervals until melted, about 1 minute total, stirring between each interval. Make a small cavity in the bottom of each cake and fill the hole and smear the bottom with the raspberry vanilla bean cream. Place a disc of the milk chocolate hazelnut crunch on the bottom of each cake. Poke a hole in each disc and insert a lollipop stick. Dip in the melted chocolate and garnish as desired., ingredients: [1 pound dark chocolate, melted, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 1 ounce cocoa powder, 3 ounces hot brewed espresso, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, cubed, 2 large eggs, 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped, 250 grams milk chocolate, 600 grams hazelnut praline paste, 300 grams feuilletine flakes, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 8 ounces confectioners sugar, 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped, 14 cup raspberry puree, 12.5 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Decadence Cake Pop, picturelink: 8WugaoZmOT80iWqfPr3WskwfeyI.O7C}, 38275: {instructions: 1. Preheat broiler and adjust rack so that it is about 4 inches from heat source.n2. Beat together cream cheese, mayonnaise, gorgonzola cheese and green onions season with salt and pepper. Fold in grapes and pine nuts.n3. Spread a tablespoon of cheese mixture on each baguette slice.n4. Broil until heated and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Serve immediately.nTo toast pine nuts: Put pine nuts on baking sheet. Bake in preheated 350 degrees F. until lightly browned, about 7 minutes., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup mayonnaise, 4 ounces 1 cup crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 2 Tablespoons finely chopped green onion, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, to taste, 1 cup halved red grapes, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 30 slices baguette bread], title: Gorgonzola, Grape and Pine Nut Crostini, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 38276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nCombine meat with salt and pepper, chopped crimini mushrooms, chopped bell pepper, chopped onion, garlic, tomato paste, Worcestershire, crushed red pepper flakes, cheese and parsley. Score and form meat into 4 large patties, 1 inch thick. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil on top the patties then fry 5 or 6 minutes on each side in a hot skillet.nPlace portobello caps on a small baking sheet gill side up and drizzle extravirgin olive oil on them. Roast the caps 12 minutes. Remove them from the oven and season them with salt and pepper. Turn oven off. Top each cap with about 12 cup arugula and a burger. Cap burger with mozzarella and place back in stillwarm oven. Melt the cheese 1 minute. Transfer burgers on bun bottoms to plates. Top with onions and tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [1 13 pounds ground turkey breast, the average weight of 1 package, Salt and pepper, 6 crimini mushrooms baby portobellos stems removed and finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed away from skin and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, stems removed, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 cups arugula leaves, coarsely chopped, 12 pound fresh mozzarella or fresh smoked mozzarella, thinly sliced, Sliced red onion and sliced yellow and plum tomatoes], title: Turkey Cacciatore Burgers on Portobello Buns, picturelink: LEmfnYLP21P6XdBkmuWw2lKUDnZqiZO}, 38277: {instructions: Add the squid to a nonmetallic bowl with 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic, chile, and toss to coat the squid. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and leave it in the refrigerator to marinate for 2 to 3 hours.nHeat a large frying pan over high heat. Remove the squid from the marinade, and discard the marinade. Add the squid strips, and cook until it is just cooked, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Take care not to overcook the squid or it will become tough.nCombine the cucumber, tomatoes, celery, celery leaves and basil in a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and lemon juice, and season the mixture with the sea salt and black pepper. Set the dressing aside.nAdd the squid to the vegetables and toss well. Pile the salad onto a large platter, garnish with the capers and drizzle with the lemon dressing. Serve the salad immediately., ingredients: [2 14 pounds squid, cleaned, scored on the inside and sliced into strips, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 long red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 Lebanese or English cucumber, peeled, halved, seeded and cut into small halfmoons, 12 pound yellow teardrop or grape tomatoes, halved, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced on a bias, 1 small handful celery leaves, 1 large handful fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon nonpareil or salted baby capers, rinsed], title: Spicy Squid Salad with Cucumber and Capers, picturelink: null}, 38278: {instructions: To make the potato topping: Boil the yams and russet potatoes in salted water until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Strain the potatoes and transfer to a large bowl. Add the butter, milk, sea salt, freshly ground black pepper and mash together.nTo make the meat: In a pan, heat the extravirgin olive oil over medium heat. Add the red onion and saute for 8 minutes. Add the ground sirloin, parsley, smoked paprika, smoked cayenne, sea salt, and freshly ground pepper to the pan. Mix and saute for 10 minutes. Turn the heat up to mediumhigh and saute for a few more minutes, until some crispy bits develop.nTo make the creamed corn: Boil the corn in salted water for about 5 minutes. Remove from the water and slice off the corn niblets. Heat the unsalted butter in a pan over medium heat. Add the corn niblets, sea salt, pepper, and saute for a few minutes. Pour in the heavy cream and bring to a boil. Once it begins to boil, cover the pan and reduce on low heat for about 10 minutes. Transfer the creamed corn to a food processor, add a handful of minced chives and pulse.nEvenly distribute the crisped beef into the bottom of a baking dish. Cover it with a layer of creamed corn. Top the pie off with the yam and russet mash. Sprinkle with a handful of crumbled potato chips and pinch of smoked paprika. Broil for a few minutes, until edges are golden and crispy., ingredients: [2 yams, sliced into equalsize chunks, 2 russets, sliced into equalsize chunks, 1 heaping tablespoon butter, Splash whole milk, Big pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, small diced, 2 pounds organic ground sirloin, Handful minced fresh parsley, Big pinch smoked paprika, Pinch smoked cayenne, Pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cobs corn, 1 heaping tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 bunch fresh chives, minced, 23 cup heavy cream, Handful potato chips, crumbled, Pinch smoked paprika], title: Sirloin Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 38279: {}, 38280: {instructions: Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and when melted, add the beans. Let the beans sit and blister for about 90 seconds, then toss and allow to blister some more. Add the soy sauce, toss to coat the beans and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Blistered Green Beans, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 38281: {instructions: Puree 2 seeded, soaked ancho chiles, 1 onion, 2 tomatoes and 2 garlic cloves fry in oil. Add 6 cups chicken broth, 4 torn corn tortillas, some shredded cooked chicken and 12 cup cilantro simmer until thick. Add salt garnish with crisp tortilla strips, Mexican cheese, avocado, cilantro and lime juice.nSee all 50 Easy Soups, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Tortilla Soup, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 38282: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet and saute apple slices on high heat, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly browned. Remove to a large bowl with a slotted spoon. Add 2 teaspoons butter to the skillet, lower heat to medium, and quickly saute raisins and almonds, stirring constantly. Be careful not to burn them. Add to bowl with apples, and set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Place matzo squares in another large bowl, and run cool water over them to soften. Crumble the matzo, and drain in a colander. Return drained matzo to bowl.nCombine eggs with matzo and stir well. In another bowl, mix sour cream and cream cheese thoroughly. Then add it to the matzo mixture, along with sugar, cinnamon, salt, and fruitnut mixture. Mix all ingredients thoroughly.nGrease a 10inch square Pyrex baking pan or similar with butter use quite a bit, pour mixture into pan, and bake for 50 minutes or until top is a light golden brown. Let cool on counter. Loosen sides with a knife, place a large platter over the baking pan, and carefully turn the kugel out onto the platter. If any pieces stick in the pan, just put them in place. When cooled, sprinkle top with confectioners sugar best done through a sieve or sifter. YOu can serve this kugel warm not hot or at room temperature, but we like it best chilled in the refrigerator with the confectioners sugar added just prior to serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 4 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 34inch slices, 14inch thick, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup sliced blanched almonds, 10 squares plain unsalted matzo, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 cups sour cream, 12 cup whipped cream cheese, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, Softened butter for greasing pan, Confectioners sugar], title: Creamy MatzoApple Kugel, picturelink: null}, 38283: {instructions: Boil the yuca until tender and set aside in a bowl. Mix the onions, sour orange juice, cilantro and garlic and pour it over the yuca. In a pan heat up oil very, very hot make sure it does not smoke. Pour the hot oil over the yuca., ingredients: [4 medium sized yucas, peeled and cut into 1 12inch pieces, or 1 pack frozen yuca, 1 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup sour orange juice, if unavailable, combine 18 cup orange juice and 18 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon cilantro, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Yuca con Mojo, picturelink: null}, 38284: {instructions: Preheat a charcoal grill or kamadostyle ceramic charcoal cooker for direct grilling over high heat.nWhisk together the miso, mirin, sugar and 2 tablespoons water until combined.nBrush the cutside of the eggplant with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the eggplant, cutside down, until lightly golden brown, about 4 minutes. Turn the eggplant over, brush with some of the glaze and continue grilling for 2 more minutes. Brush with more glaze, flip over and grill until the cutside is caramelized, about 4 minutes. Remove to a platter, cutside up, and sprinkle with mint., ingredients: [12 cup white miso also called shiro miso, 14 cup cup mirin, 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 Japanese eggplants, halved lengthwise, 14 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh mint, for garnish], title: Miso Glazed Grilled Japanese Eggplant, picturelink: zboVkAuh47LSjijNWTvrF1XXixpb6ue}, 38285: {instructions: In a large bowl, with an electric mixer cream the butter, add the sugar, and beat the mixture until fluffy. Beat in the egg, the molasses, and the vinegar.nInto another bowl, sift together the flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and salt and stir the mixture into the butter mixture, a little at a time. The dough will be soft. Divide the dough into fourths, dust it with flour, and wrap each piece in waxed paper. Flatten the dough slightly and chill it for at least 3 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the dough, 1 piece at a time, 14inch thick on a floured surface and cut out cookies with a 4inch gingerbread man cutter dipped in flour. Transfer the cookies with a spatula to buttered baking sheets, arranging them 2inches apart, and bake them in the oven for 6 to 8 minutes or until no imprint remains when they are touched lightly with the fingertip. Transfer the cookies with the spatula to racks and let them cool. Make cookies with the dough scraps in the same manner. If desired, pipe the sugar icing decoratively on the cookie using a pastry bag fitted with a small decorative tip. Let the cookies stand for 20 minutes, or until the icing is set.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar, a pinch of salt, and 2 teaspoons water until the mixture is frothy, beat in the sugar, a little at a time, and beat the mixture until it holds stiff peaks. Beat in the food coloring, if desired.nDecorate baked cookies with the icing using a spatula or a pastry bag fitted with s small decorative tip and let the cookies stand for 20 minutes, or until the icing is set.nYield: enough icing for about 50 4inch cookiesnRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 cup dark molasses, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, Sugar icing, optional, recipe follows, 2 large egg whites, 1 pinch cream of tartar, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Food coloring, optional], title: Gingerbread Men, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 38286: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and pancetta. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon and pancetta are brown and crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon and pancetta pieces to paper towels to drain. Add the potatoes and garlic to the pan. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the potatoes are golden and cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add the thyme, cooked bacon and cooked pancetta to the skillet and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the potatoes to a large serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 thickcut slices bacon, roughly chopped, 2 14inch thick slices pancetta, cut into 14inch pieces, 3 medium russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Bacon and Pancetta Potatoes, picturelink: GvT.5B3Xx1H0KVDSwBAVCV332cHKGe}, 38287: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the chickpeas with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt in a large baking dish, then spread out in a single layer. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the shrimp with 4 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic, lemon zest, red pepper flakes and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Marinate 10 minutes.nRemove the baking dish from the oven and scatter the shrimp over the chickpeas. Return to the oven and bake until the shrimp are pink, 5 to 8 minutes. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with the parsley. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Garlic Shrimp and Chickpeas, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 38288: {instructions: Special equipment: One 12cup muffin tinnPull the leaves off of 10 sprigs of mint. Divide them among the 12 cups of a 12cup muffin tin. Pour water over to cover. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours.nCombine the sugar with 1 cup water in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and stir to dissolve the sugar. Add the remaining 10 sprigs of mint. Remove from heat and steep 15 minutes. Strain and allow the simple syrup to cool slightly.nMix the gin, grapefruit juice, rum, tequila, triple sec, vodka and mint syrup in gallonsize container. Chill until ready to serve. Pour the mixture into a large punch bowl.nPour in the cola just before serving. Float 6 to 8 grapefruit slices in the punch. Unmold the mint ice cubes and add to the punch bowl. Serve in cups over ice and garnish with mint sprigs.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [20 sprigs mint, plus more for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups gin, 2 cups fresh pink grapefruit juice, 2 cups white rum, 2 cups tequila, 2 cups triple sec, 2 cups vodka, One 2liter bottle cola, 1 pink grapefruit, sliced], title: Grapefruit Long Island Iced Tea, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 38289: {instructions: Special equipment: Grill, 3 roasting trays, basting brush, spice grinder, heavyduty aluminum foil.nBegin by toasting the fennel seeds in a dry pan over mediumhigh heat. Toast for 4 or 5 minutes, until they become fragrant toss occasionally as they toast so they dont burn. Transfer to a spice grinder and grind to a fine powder.nRinse the ribs in cool water and pat dry with paper towels. Unless your butcher has already done so, remove the membrane from the back and trim off any excess fat. Combine the dry rub ingredients in a small bowl and mix well. Coat both sides of the meat with a heavy layer of the dry rub. Refrigerate overnight, uncovered.nHeat half the grill to medium to create indirect heat.nSet out a few large sheets of foil one for each slab. Divide the sliced onion and thyme between the sheets and spread them out evenly. Place 1 rack on each sheet, meat side down, and fold the foil over to form a sealed pouch around each rack. Place each pouch on a roasting tray to keep foil from getting pierced and letting steam out and grill it over indirect heat for 2 hours.nOpen the foil and peel it back so the ribs are exposed. Carefully turn the meat over so the meat side is on top, then cook for 1 12 hours with the foil open. When done, the ribs will be tender and the meat will have shrunk back from the bones.nFor the last 10 minutes, remove the ribs from the foil and place them directly on the hot side of the grill. Brush with the Orange BBQ Sauce and allow the heat to caramelize the sauce and crisp the exterior, then flip the ribs and brush the other side for the final 5 minutes. Serve with additional sauce.nWhisk together all the ingredients in a medium saucepan and simmer over mediumlow heat for 25 to 30 minutes, until it reaches a ketchuplike consistency., ingredients: [3 racks centercut beef ribs 8 or 9 pounds total, 1 sweet onion, peeled and cut into 14inch rings, 6 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup cracked mustard seed, 12 cup paprika, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 14 cup granulated garlic, Orange BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup molasses, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes], title: Beef Ribs with Orange BBQ Sauce, picturelink: j0pMsj3DJlzArfG8pjET1FM9MXxvR6S}, 38290: {instructions: Place a saucepan on high heat and get it hot. Add the olive oil and swirl it around to make sure the entire surface is covered with oil. Add the shallot and sweat cook until translucent but not brown. Add the crimini mushrooms and cook until brown. Add the quinoa, thyme leaves, bay leaf, kosher salt and black pepper to the pan and stir. Let the ingredients heat up and roast a little to bring out all their fullest flavors. The steam coming up should be very aromatic.nSlowly and carefully add the vegetable stock it will spatter because the pan and ingredients are hot. When it comes to full boil, reduce the heat to a low simmer, cover and allow to steam for about 15 minutes.nAfter 15 minutes, turn off the heat, remove lid and fluff the quinoa and then replace the lid and allow to sit for about 10 minutes.nTaste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher for Passover olive oil, 1 small shallot, peeled and chopped, 12 cup crimini mushrooms, wiped clean and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups quinoa, rinsed well and drained, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves removed from their stems, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups vegetable stock, or water], title: Quinoa Pilaf with Crimini Mushrooms, picturelink: KPbWPRXF2Bf1bTSl3ZJLQPpZz7H7EO}, 38291: {instructions: Special equipment: Cornet or pastry bagnPlace 12 cup water, salt, pinch of granulated sugar, zest of 12 orange and 12 lemon, and butter in a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan the paste is easier to mix in a large pan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove from heat. Add bread flour all at once. Stir thoroughly with a wooden spoon. Return the saucepan to the stove and cook mixture over medium heat to dry out the paste, about 3 minutes. As it cooks, push the paste from side to side with the wooden spoon. Turn it onto itself to allow every side to touch the bottom of the saucepan, helping it to dry. Keep the paste moving, or it will burn. You will know the paste is dry when it begins to leave a thin film on the bottom of the saucepan. Remove pan from heat and transfer the paste to a large mixing bowl. Mix with an electric mixer set on low speed or by hand for about 2 minutes, to release some of the steam. Continue to mix, and slowly add eggs, 1 at a time, incorporating well after each addition. After each egg is added, the paste will become loose and look separated. Dont worry once each egg is well incorporated, the paste will become smooth and homogenous again. The number of eggs used will vary depending on the size of the eggs and how well the pate a choux is dried. The drier it is, the more eggs you will need. After you have added 2 eggs, check the consistency by scooping a large amount of the paste onto a wooden spoon. Hold the spoon horizontally about 1 foot above the bowl and watch as the batter falls from the spoon back into the bowl. If it is pale yellow, smooth, moist, slightly elastic, sticky, and takes 5 to 7 seconds to fall into the bowl, it is ready. If it appears rough and dry, and falls into the bowl in 1 big ball, it needs more eggs. Add another egg, and check the consistency again after it is well incorporated. If the pate a choux is too dry, it will not pipe well. If it is too wet, it will be loose, runny, and wont hold its shape. Use a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan placed over mediumhigh heat to heat the oil to 330 degrees. Check the temperature with a candy thermometer. It is important to maintain the temperature, so you may need to adjust the heat or remove the pan from the burner to keep it where you want it. If the oil is too cool, the puffs will absorb too much oil before they finish frying. Transfer the batter into a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch opening, no pastry tip, or use a paper cornet. Dip a wooden skewer into the hot oil this will keep the dough from sticking to it. Hold the pastry bag over the oil and pipe 12inch dollops of batter about the size of a dime out of the tip. Use the skewer to cut the paste from the tip, so the paste drips into the hot oil. Be careful not to splatter the hot oil onto your arms or face. Repeat until the saucepan is full of frying dough without being too crowded. Fry puffs, turning once, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Using a large, slotted spoon, remove the puffs from the hot oil. Drain on paper towels. Combine remaining orange zest and granulated sugar in a bowl. While the puffs are still warm, roll them in the sugar and orange zest mixture until evenly coated. Just before serving, dust puffs with the powdered sugar. Serve immediately.nTechnique Making a Cornet:nThe Cornet: A cornet is a small piping bag made from parchment paper. It is usually used to make fine decorations. Cut an 8 by 12 by 14 12inch triangle from a sheet of parchment paper. Hold the middle of the long side of the triangle between 2 fingers of 1 hand. Take the tip of the triangle on the short, wide end and roll it toward the other tip of that same end while simultaneously pulling it in an upward motion. The tip of a cone will form where your thumb and finger hold it on the long side. Release your grip from the long side, so that you are now holding the 2 corners where they meet. The paper will already resemble a partially formed cone. Roll the remaining tail until it is completely rolled into a cone. There will be 1 point sticking up from the open end. Fold it inside toward the center, and crease the fold. Now you should have a cornet. To close the cornet once it has been filled, fold it away from the seam this will keep the seam from opening. Use a pair of scissors or a sharp paring knife to cut an opening at the tip of the cornet to the desired size., ingredients: [12 cup water, Pinch salt, Pinch granulated sugar, plus 1 cup for coating, 1 orange, zest grated, 12 lemon, zest grated, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 12 cup bread flour, sifted, 2 to 3 large eggs, Vegetable or canola oil for deepfrying, 1 cup powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Jacques Torress Cloud Puffs, picturelink: null}, 38292: {instructions: Chop 4 scallions put the white parts in a bowl with 12 peeled, seeded and diced cucumber. Pulse the green parts in a food processor with 14 cup fresh parsley, 8 ounces cream cheese, a pinch of cayenne, and salt and pepper to taste stir into the cucumber mixture. Serve with toasted bread.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Herbed Benedictine, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 38293: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix jerk seasoning with the oil in a small bowl this will thin it and cut the heat. Trim any excess fat from the pork loin, leaving a thinlayered wide strip down the center of the top. Evenly rub the entire pork loin with the jerk seasoning mixture. Place pork loin in a shallow greased roasting pan, and bake for 20 minutes. Then reduce the temperature to 300 degrees F and continue baking for about 1 more hour, or until a meat thermometer stuck in the thickest part reads 145 degrees F. Remove from oven and let rest for at least 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Jamaican jerk seasoning in a jar pick a brand with low carbs and sugars, 14 cup canola oil, 4 pounds boneless pork loin], title: Jamaican Jerk Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 38294: {instructions: Mix 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons curry powder and a generous pinch each of ground cumin, garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper. Toss with a large bag of frozen sweet potato fries cook as the package directs.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Bollywood Fries, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 38295: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the glaze: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the honey, mango juice, brown sugar and lemon juice. Bring to a boil and cook until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes.nPlace chicken on a nonstick cookie sheet. Using a pastry brush, coat chicken with a generous amount of glaze. Place mango slices over breast meat to create a zebra stripe. Insert toothpicks to secure slices into chicken.nBake chicken just until warmed throughout, about 12 minutes. Remove chicken and discard toothpicks. Garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [2 cups honey, 1 cup mango juice, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 3 to 4pound whole rotisserie chicken, 2 mangos, peeled and sliced 1inch thick, Toothpicks, soaked in water for 10 minutes, 1 bunch basil, for garnish], title: Mango Honey Chicken with Mango Slices, picturelink: null}, 38296: {instructions: The dough. If using masa harina, mix it with the hot water, then knead until smooth, adding more water or more masa harina to achieve a very soft but not sticky consistency cover with plastic and let rest 30 minutes. When youre ready to bake the tortillas, readjust the consistency of the fresh or reconstituted masa, then divide into 15 balls and cover with plastic. Heat a large, ungreased, heavy griddle or 2 heavy skillets: one end of the griddle or one skillet over mediumlow, the other end or the other skillet over medium to mediumhigh. Cut 2 squares of heavy plastic to fit the plates of your tortillas press. With the press open, place a square of plastic over the bottom plate, set a ball of dough in the center, cover with the second square of plastic, and gently flatten the dough between. Close the top plate and press down gently but firmly with the handle. Open, turn the tortilla 180 degrees, close and gently press again, to an even 116inch thickness. Open the press and peel off the top sheet of plastic. Flip the tortillas onto one hand, dough side down, then starting at one corner, gently peel off the remaining sheet of the plastic. Lay the tortilla onto the cooler end of the griddle or the cooler skillet. In a about 20 seconds, when the tortilla loosens itself from the griddle but the edges have not yet dried or curled, flip it over onto the hotter end of the griddle or onto the hotter skillet. When lightly browned in spots underneath, 20 to 30 seconds more, flip a second time, back onto the side that was originally down. If the fire is properly hot, the tortilla will balloon up like a pita bread, When lightly browned, another 20 or 30 seconds, remove from the griddle it will completely deflate and wrap in a towel. Press, unmold and bake the remaining balls of masa, placing each hot tortilla on top of the last and keeping the stack well wrapped. Resting. Let the wrapped stack of tortillas rest for about 15 minutes to finish their cooking, soften and become pliable., ingredients: [1 pound fresh masa for tortillas, store bought of homemade or 1 34 cups masa harina mixed with 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons hot tap water], title: Corn Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 38297: {instructions: Add Godiva Cappuccino Liqueur and Smirnoff No.21 Vodka in icefilled oldfashioned glass, stir, and top with cream, ingredients: [1 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, .75 oz. Godiva Cappuccino Liqueur, 2 oz. heavy cream], title: White Russian, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 38298: {instructions: Brush 1 tablespoon of the oil on the octopus reserving the rest, season with salt and pepper, and add to a pot with enough water to cover. Simmer until the octopus is cooked through, about 20 minutes.nIn a medium bowl combine the remaining sesame oil with soy sauce, cucumber, scallions, chile, nori and salt.nRemove octopus to a utility plate to drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the octopus head and legs, split in half, then slice and dice small.nFold octopus into cucumberscallion mixture.nServe at room temperature as a salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame oil 1 tablespoon to brush on octopus and 1 tablespoon to mix in, 3 to 4 pound octopus, debeaked, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 English cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced, 5 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the bias, 1 red chile, stem and seeds removed and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon nori from about 3 seaweed sheets used to wrap sushi, such as from a package of 10 yakinori, pulverized, Salt, if needed], title: Tako Poke, picturelink: null}, 38299: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a heavy, wide, lidded pan, melt butter over mediumlow heat. Add onion, red pepper, and kosher salt. Sweat the onions and peppers until aromatic, stirring constantly. Add the rice and stir to coat. Continue stirring until rice smells nutty. Add chicken broth, orange zest, saffron and water, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil. Stir once, then cover pan with moistened dish towel or tea towel. Place lid on pan and fold towel corners over lid. Bake for 15 minutes. Then rest at room temperature for 10 to 20 minutes without removing the cover.nMeanwhile, simmer peas in salted water until heated through or heat in a microwave.nRemove lid from rice and turn out onto a platter. Add peas and fluff with a large fork. Add raisins and pistachios., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 onion, chopped, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 pinches kosher salt, 2 cups long grain rice, 2 34 cups chicken broth, 2 strips orange zest, Pinch of saffron strands, steeped in 14 cup hot water, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups frozen peas, thawed, Golden raisins and pistachios, for garnish], title: Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 38300: {instructions: Cut 2 pieces naan or other flatbread in half. Combine 23 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, 1 minced scallion and a pinch of salt sandwich between the naan halves. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Stir in a large pinch of curry powder, then add the stuffed naan cook until golden, 4 minutes per side. Cut in half.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: CheeseStuffed Naan, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 38301: {instructions: Prepare rice according to package directions.nCoat a large nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Add meat and brown over mediumhigh heat drain off excess fat. Add seasoning and mix with water and cooked rice. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese. Top with lettuce and tomato just before serving. Serve with salsa, if desired., ingredients: [1 bag Successu00ae White or Brown Rice, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 packet 1 14 ounces taco seasoning mix, 12 cup water, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 2 cups shredded lettuce, 1 large tomato, chopped, Salsa, optional], title: Success One Pan Taco Dinner, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 38302: {instructions: Stud the roast with the cloves and rub with the Smokey BBQ Rub. Place the roast in a slow cooker and top with the onions. Cover the roast with 2 cups of water and slow cook for 8 to 10 hours. Remove the pork, discard the cloves and layer of fat, as well as any water and grease remaining in the pot. When the pork is cool enough to handle, use a fork or your hands to shred and pull the meat apart. Return the meat to the slow cooker along with the barbecue sauce. Heat for 1 to 2 hours. Serve on your favorite roll.nCombine the granulated and brown sugars, chili powder, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, pepper, salt, mustard and cayenne in a bowl and mix well. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 pounds pork shoulder roast, 5 to 6 whole cloves, 3 tablespoons Smokey BBQ Rub, recipe follows, 2 red onions, thinly sliced, 16 ounces barbeque sauce, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark chili powder, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 38303: {instructions: 1. Place an oven rack on the middle shelf of the oven and the second rack on the top shelf. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. On the first baking sheet, trace two 8inch circles on the parchment paper, using the bottom or an 8inch cake pan as a template. Trace a third circle on the second baking sheet. Turn the parchment paper over on the baking sheets so that you can see the outline but the meringue wont come in contact with the markings when you pipe it onto the parchment.n2. To make the meringue: In a large bowl, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar with an electric mixer at low speed until foamy. Increase the mixer speed to medium high and continue beating until soft peaks form. Continue beating, adding the superfine sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, until stiff, glossy peaks form. Beat in the vanilla.n3. Sift the confectioners sugar, cocoa powder, and salt together. Using a rubber spatula, carefully fold the cocoa mixture into the meringue just until no streaks of cocoa remain. Do not fold the cocoa mixture in any more than is necessary, as overmixing will deflate the meringue. You want the mixture to hold stiff peaks, which ensures that the meringue disks will hold their shape.n4. Fit a 16 or 18inch piping bag with a 38inch No. 5 plain tip. Fill the bag with the meringue. Starting from the center of each circle, squeeze out the meringue in a spiral. Pipe the remaining meringue into long strips on the baking sheet with 1 meringue circle.n5. Bake the meringues for 2 hours, or until crisp. If the oven seems too hot, or the meringues are beginning to color, reduce the oven temperature to 175 degrees F and prop the oven door open slightly with the handle of a wooden spoon. Turn the oven off and let the meringues cool in the oven for 1 hour. Cut the meringue strips into 14 to 12inch pieces.n6. To make the chocolate mousse: Place the chopped chocolate in a medium bowl.n7. In a small saucepan, combine 34 cup of the cream with the coffee mixture. Heat over medium heat until bubbles start to form around the edges of the pan and the cream is just about to boil. Immediately pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let sit for about 30 seconds to soften the chocolate. Stir until smooth.n8. Let the chocolate mixture cool until it is at room temperature but still malleable. In a large bowl, beat the remaining 1 14 cups cream until soft peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, fold the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture until thoroughly blended.n9. To assemble: Place 1 meringue circle on a serving plate. With a small palette knife or offset spatula, spread one third of the mousse over the surface of the meringue. Cover with a second circle of meringue and spread with another one third of the mousse. Place the final meringue disk on top of the cake. Frost the top and the sides of the cake with the remaining mousse. Press the broken meringue sticks into the top and sides of the cake. Dust the entire cake with confectioners sugar and cocoa powder. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 1 day before serving. The meringue will soften slightly the longer it sits in the refrigerator, but remains just as delicious., ingredients: [6 egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup superfine sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 14 cup unsweetened Dutch processed cocoa powder, Pinch of salt, 9 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, or semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons instant coffee or espresso powder dissolved in 2 teaspoons hot water, Confectioners sugar and unsweetened Dutch processed cocoa powder for dusting], title: Concorde, picturelink: null}, 38304: {instructions: In a large heavy nonstick skillet cook cabbage in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until wilted slightly, about 5 minutes. Add fennel and cook, stirring until just tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in water, vinegar, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and cook, over moderately low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender and liquid is almost evaporated, 10 to 15 minutes.nServe cabbage and fennel hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 12 cups thinly sliced red cabbage, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 34 pound fennel bulb, stalks trimmed flush with bulb and bulb chopped fine, 12 cup water, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar], title: Sweet and Sour Red Cabbage and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 38305: {instructions: In food processor, combine all ingredients except for olive oil and salt and pepper. Puree until a smooth paste. With mixer running, add olive oil until emulsified. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Store refrigerated for up to one week., ingredients: [2 cups chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steubens Chimichurri Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38306: {instructions: Rinse, pat dry and trim the duck legs use the excess fat to render. Rub salt and herbs into duck legs allow to cure for 2 days covered in refrigerator. Melt duck fat and bring to 200 degrees. Rinse salt off of duck, pat dry and immerse in pan of duck fat, cover and cook for 3 12 hours. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Duck can be held refrigerated for several days. Before service remove duck from fat, discard skin or use to make cracklings and take meat from bone. Reserve duck fat.nIn a small saucepan add halved shallots, honey and just enough water to cover bring to a boil and simmer until tender and glazed, remove and reserve.nIn a medium saute pan heat 1 tablespoon reserved duck fat, add potatoes, duck, walnuts, reserved shallots and toss until hot. Add chopped shallots, green beans, vinegar, salt and pepper and taste for seasonings.nArrange in the center of plate, garnish with watercress tossed in olive oil and crouton brushed with farmers cheese.nIn a non reactive saucepan, combine milk and slowly bring to 180 degrees. Strain through cheesecloth and allow to cool. When cool, place in a bowl, season, add herbs and lemon zest, to taste., ingredients: [4 duck legs, hind quarters, 12 cup kosher salt, 6 juniper berries toasted and crushed, 6 black peppercorns crushed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic crushed, 2 cups duck fat, 6 shallots, peeled cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons honey, Water, 1 tablespoon reserved duck fat, 6 small white new potatoes cut into 12inch cubes, blanched until tender about 8 minutes, drained and patted dry, 12 cup walnut halves, toasted, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup tender green beans cut into 2inch lengths, blanched in salted water, shocked in ice water and patted dry, 12 tablespoon Spanish sherry vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch watercress, washed and dried, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 small slices sourdough bread, 12 cup farmers cheese or goat cheese, recipe follows, 1 quart whole milk, 1 cup buttermilk, Salt and fresh white pepper, Small amount grated lemon zest, Snipped chives, chervil, parsley or whatever fresh herbs available], title: Cured Duck Salad, picturelink: null}, 38307: {instructions: Make the bechamel: Combine the parmesan, parsley, granulated garlic, nutmeg, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat whisk in the flour until a thick paste forms, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly pour in the heavy cream, whisking constantly. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking, until thickened, about 1 minute. Whisk in the parmesan mixture until combined. Slowly drizzle in the beaten egg, whisking constantly so it doesnt scramble.nMake the burgers: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the beef, granulated garlic and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Let cool, then drain the meat through a finemesh strainer and transfer to a large bowl set aside.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Add the bechamel to the bowl with the beef stir to combine. Spread the mixture on the prepared baking sheet and freeze until firm enough to form into patties, 1 to 2 hours.nPut the flour in a shallow dish. Lightly beat the eggs in another shallow dish spread the breadcrumbs in a third dish. Form the beef mixture into six 34inchthick patties. Dredge the patties in the flour, then dip in the beaten eggs and coat with the breadcrumbs. Return to the baking sheet and freeze until the coating sets, about 1 hour.nHeat 1 inch of vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 365 degrees F. Working in 2 batches, add the burgers and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate.nTop each patty with a slice of cheese while still warm let sit until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes. Serve the burgers on the buns top with pickles, mustard and mayonnaise.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 pounds ground beef chuck, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 1 cup breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 6 slices monterey jack or provolone cheese, 6 brioche buns, split, Sliced dill pickles, mustard and mayonnaise, for topping], title: Croquetesa Burgers, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 38308: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, add the potatoes, some salt and water to cover. Bring to a boil. Cook the potatoes until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Strain and halve the potatoes.nIn a small glass jar, combine the oil, mustard, vinegar, agave syrup and garlic. Shake vigorously until emulsified. Taste, and season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Combine the potatoes and red peppers in a large mixing bowl. Toss with the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the scallions, if using., ingredients: [2 pounds small red bliss potatoes, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon agave syrup, 1 clove garlic, minced, Freshly cracked black pepper, 13 cup roasted red peppers, julienned, 1 cup finely sliced scallions, optional garnish], title: Potato Salad with Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: NIDFGRuUPQUYUwVA6iB.ZWaid0j9M6}, 38309: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in a shaker and pour over ice. Garnish with cherry., ingredients: [12ounce vodka, 12ounce triple sec, 12ounce blue cuaraco, 12 lemon, juiced, Splash lemonlime soda, Splash sweet and sour mix, 2 teaspoons sugar], title: Legends Honky Tonk Lemonade, picturelink: EZ6SwM4OD3Q5xKhDGWS8MPGa8qJT4AK}, 38310: {instructions: PREPARE brownie mix according to package directions using oil, milk and eggs cool completely. Cut pan of brownies in half cut each half into quarters. Combine pudding mix, milk and sweetened condensed milk in medium bowl mix until smooth. Reserve 12 cup whipped topping for garnish mix remaining topping into pudding mixture.nBREAK up half of the brownies, placing them into the bottom of a 14 cup trifle or glass bowl. Top with half of the filling. Place 2 tablespoons hot fudge topping into a resealable plastic bag reserve for garnish. Heat topping according to the label directions spoon all but reserved topping over filling. Reserve 7 cherries for garnish spoon remaining cherry filling over fudge topping. Top with remaining brownies and filling.nDOLLOP reserved whipped topping into center of trifle mound with cherries. Heat bag of hot fudge topping in microwave on HIGH 100 power 7 to 10 seconds. Cut a small corner off bag drizzle topping over trifle. Sprinkle with decors or sprinkles. Refrigerate 6 hours or overnight., ingredients: [em, Brownie:, em, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup milk, 2 large eggs, beaten, Filling:, 1 3.9 oz. pkg. chocolate cherry or chocolate pudding mix, 12 cup milk, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 12 oz. container frozen whipped topping, thawed, divided, 1 21 oz. can cherry pie filling, divided, 1 11.75 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Hot Fudge Topping, divided, Holiday decors or sprinkles for garnish], title: Hot Fudge and Cherry Trifle, picturelink: HWON1OV1IBkMQkV2vl5mLBzsweR0D7q}, 38311: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut cookie dough into 8 equal pieces. Work with 1 piece of dough at a time refrigerate remaining dough pieces until needed.nFor each cookie, cut 1 piece of dough into 3 equal slices. Place 2 slices side by side on ungreased cookie sheet press into 3x3 12inch rectangle see photo. Place third slice on center of long side of rectangle press slice into triangle for roof house should be about 5 inches tall. Repeat with remaining dough making a total of 8 house shapes, 1 12 inches apart on cookie sheets.nBake 8 to 11 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 2 minutes remove from cookie sheets. Cool completely, about 15 minutes.nDecorate with decorating icing use cereal for shingles and candy for house features. Let stand until frosting is set, about 30 minutes. Store between sheets of waxed paper in tightly covered container.nTheres no need for a cookie cutter because you form these adorable houses with your hands. Follow shaping directions in step 2., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated holiday gingerbread cookies, Decorating icing from 6.4oz aerosol can, MultiBran Chexu00ae cereal, Assorted small candies], title: Santas Houses, picturelink: null}, 38312: {instructions: In a blender combine the lemon juice and tahini. Add the rest of the ingredients and puree until smooth. Transfer to a shallow bowl and sprinkle with paprika. Serve immediately or chill., ingredients: [4 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons tahini, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and roughly chopped, 14 cup chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Paprika], title: Avocado Appetizer, picturelink: null}, 38313: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 pastry bag fitted with medium star tip Aluminum foil SaucernSlice off the top half of the top portion of each cupcake or muffin. Using a teaspoon carve a small amount of the cake so that you are left with a shallow indentation about 1inch deep and place 1 tablespoon of the cherry pie filling into the indentation. Smooth into a circle.nAdd the peppermint extract to the frosting container and mix. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a star tip with the frosting. Pipe the icing around the circumference of the cherry pie filling to the edge of the cupcake.nCut the fruit roll into 6 thin strips about 6 inches long. Tie each strip into a bow and place onto the edge of the icing. Place a red cinnamon candy in the center of the bow using a bit of icing to secure it. Repeat with remaining bows and candies. Lightly sprinkle the icing with green sanding sugar.nFoil Wrap:nCut out 6 6 by 6inch squares of foil. Stack the foil squares on top of each other and place a saucer on top of the foil. Using scissors cut around the saucer so that the foil is a perfect circle. Place a cupcake in the center of each of the foil circles and wrap the foil up along the side of the cupcake. Fold out edges of foil., ingredients: [6 storebought uniced large chocolate cupcakes or jumbo muffins, 1 15ounce can cherry pie filling, 1 teaspoons peppermint extract, 1 container white icing, 1 green fruit roll strip, 6 small red cinnamon candies, Green sanding sugar], title: Holiday Wreath Cupcakes, picturelink: Z1E730MdFvppbwyi6eFtYmmjogK8kje}, 38314: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease 15x10inch or larger dark or nonstick cookie sheet with shortening. Unroll dough onto cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 15x10inch rectangle. Bake 7 minutes. Remove from oven.nSpread sauce over warm crust. Top with chicken, bell pepper and cheese.nBake 6 to 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and crust is golden brown.nIf you prefer, refrigerated Alfredo sauce can be substituted. You can find it in the dairy case, next to the fresh pasta., ingredients: [1 can Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated thin pizza crust, 12 cup Alfredo sauce from 15 ounce jar, 2 cups diced cooked chicken, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 1 cup shredded Italian cheese blend or mozzarella cheese 4 ounce], title: Chicken Alfredo Pizza, picturelink: null}, 38315: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing kitchen shears, cut the jerky into small bitesize pieces. Place in the boiling water and set aside.nPlace the vegetable oil, onion, and bell pepper, along with a pinch of kosher salt, in a large, 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Sweat for 4 to 5 minutes or until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the jerky and its liquid along with the tomatoes, parsley, and cream, and continue to cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly. Serve over toast, biscuits, rice, or pasta., ingredients: [3 to 4 ounces beef jerky, 1 cup boiling water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, Pinch kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 14.5ounce can chopped tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Jerky Tomato Sauce, picturelink: XTvBCm8OlpR42PStzTmUdr.QKZBnQMi}, 38316: {instructions: In a bowl combine the mayonnaise, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, scallion, 1 teaspoon salt and egg. Add to crab and fold in enough breadcrumbs so crab cakes just hold together season with Tabasco sauce. Refrigerate the mixture for 30 minutes so that it is easier to handle. Shape mixture into 8 small cakes. Heat oil and butter in a nonstick skillet. Dip cakes in flour on both sides and shake off excess. Cook gently, on low heat for about 5 minutes a side or until cooked through. Drain and serve over cole slaw., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup finely sliced scallion, light and dark part, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 pound picked over crab, 14 cup or more fresh breadcrumbs, Tabasco sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, Flour for dredging, Cole slaw made with threads of carrot, red bell pepper and parsley], title: Crabcakes, picturelink: null}, 38317: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large saute pan, add half of the spinach and saute until spinach wilts, tossing with tongs, about 2 minutes. Remove spinach and squeeze out excess liquid, then chop roughly. Repeat with remaining spinach, using 1 more tablespoon of olive oil. Pour off any liquid from the pan, and add remaining olive oil. Add scallions and saute until soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the spinach to the scallions, along with the parsley, salt and pepper. Cook over low heat for 1 to 2 minutes, then remove from heat to cool. This part can be done ahead and kept refrigerated.nStir the feta and as much beaten egg to moisten the cooled spinach mixture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a baking sheet with some of the melted butter.nUnroll the filo dough on a flat surface and keep it covered with waxed paper and a damp towel so it doesnt dry out and become brittle. Using a sharp knife, cut the filo into 3 by 11 inch strips, and recover with the towel. Use a pastry brush to brush a strip of filo with melted butter. Place a small spoonful of spinach filling 1 inch from the end of the pastry. Fold the end over the filling to form a triangle, then continue to fold up the strip in triangles, like folding up a flag. Continue with remaining strips of dough, placing filled triangles on the baking sheet and keeping them covered with a towel until all are ready to bake.nBrush the triangles lightly with butter, then bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden and crisp. Serve hot. These may be frozen before baking, layering waxed paper between layers of triangles to keep them from sticking. Bake frozen triangles an extra 10 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 2 pounds spinach, washed and drained, 1 bunch scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 1 to 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 1 pound filo pastry sheets], title: Spanakopita Spinach Triangles or Pie, picturelink: null}, 38318: {instructions: Preheat grill. Brush both sides of each tuna steak with 2 teaspoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the hot grill and cook for 2 minutes per side for rare. Saute onions and garlic in 2 tablespoon olive oil until soft and fragrant. Add tomatoes, olives, parsley and capers and simmer until tomato juice evaporates. Season to taste. Spoon sauce over tuna steaks., ingredients: [4 34inch thick tuna steaks, 2 Tbs. olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 medium onion, sliced, 2 tbs. capers, 14 cup pitted and coarsely chopped black olives, 1 14oz. can whole plum tomatoes with their juice, crushed by hand, 2 Tbs. chopped fresh parsley, salt and pepper to taste], title: Mediterranean Grilled Tuna, picturelink: null}, 38319: {instructions: Whisk the paprika, cornstarch, 1 tablespoon salt, the cumin, coriander and cayenne in a small bowl. Pat the chickens very dry with paper towels. Season inside the cavities with some of the spice mixture and rub the rest all over the skin. Refrigerate, uncovered, 15 to 30 minutes to dry out the skin.nAbout 30 minutes before roasting, bring the chickens to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Stuff the halved garlic heads into the chicken cavities. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine and tuck the wings under the body. Toss the baguette slices and garlic cloves with the olive oil in a large roasting pan season with salt and arrange in a single layer. Arrange the chickens breastside up on top of the baguette slices leave a bit of space between the chickens.nRoast until the breasts and tops of the legs start browning, about 30 minutes. Rotate the pan and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue roasting until the skin is crisp and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 35 to 50 more minutes.nRemove the chickens from the oven let rest 15 minutes in the pan. Remove the twine and carve the chickens serve with the roasted garlic and baguette.nThe garlic cloves will soften during roasting, so you can squeeze them out of their skins onto the toasted bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons smoked Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 3 to 4pound chickens, giblets removed, 4 heads garlic 2 halved crosswise 2 crushed and cloves separated, 1 baguette, cut into 12inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Smoky Spanish Roast Chicken, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 38320: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the tomatoes, garlic, onions and half of the cilantro. Season with salt and set aside.nSpread the Baked Tortilla Chips on a baking sheet and top with the black beans, pinto beans, olives, Cheddar and pepper Jack. Cook until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes.nWhile the nachos are cooking, slice each lime into 6 wedges. Squeeze 2 of the wedges into the yogurt, season with a pinch of salt and stir. Reserve the remaining wedges for serving.nWhile the chips are still hot, scatter the tomato mixture and avocados on top, then drizzle on the yogurt. Top with the remaining chopped cilantro. Serve with lime wedges.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush both sides of the tortillas with the oil. Stack the tortillas and cut the pile into sixths to make chips. Spread the chips out in a single layer on 2 large baking sheets and season with salt. Bake until golden brown and crisp, rotating the baking sheets once, 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt, Baked Tortilla Chips, recipe follows, 12 cup black beans, 12 cup pinto beans, 14 cup black olives, chopped, 14 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 14 cup shredded pepper Jack cheese, 2 limes, 3 tablespoons Greek yogurt, 1 avocado, diced, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas preferably white, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Fine salt], title: Lighten Up Nachos, picturelink: null}, 38321: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients. Roll batter into oneinch balls and set on waxed paper. Refrigerate until firm and roll them in your favorite topping such as, shredded coconut, granola, chocolate chips, andor chopped almonds., ingredients: [1 cup creamy or chunky peanut butter, 1 cup powdered milk, 1 14cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup honey], title: Peanut Butter Power Balls, picturelink: null}, 38322: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 38323: {instructions: Beat the butter until smooth and set aside. In a small saucepan, combine the water and 34 cup of sugar. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Slowly heat the mixture, stirring constantly, until it starts to bubble. Reduce heat to low and insert a candy thermometer. Do not contiue to stir.nIn a large bowl of an electric mixer, beat the egg whites at medium speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar and beat at high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remianing 14 cup sugar and beat until stiff peaks form.nMeanwhile, boil th esuagr mixture until it reaches 248 to 250 degrees F. on the candy thermometer. Do not let the temperature go above 250 degrees F. Turn off the heat and immediately pour the mixture into a glass measuring cup to stop the sugar from cooking. Pour a little of the sugar mixture onto the egg whites and beat them on low. Slowly add the rest of the sugar and then beat on high for 2 minutes. Beat on low until the mixture is cool. Add the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, to the egg white mixture, beating continuously on low until all the butter is added. If the mixture starts to separate, beat on high for a few seconds until it solidifies. Beat until smooth, then add the flavoring. This icing can be stored at room temperature for 2 days or refrigerated for 10 days., ingredients: [2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, softened but cool, 14 cup water, 1 cup granulated sugar, 5 large egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons flavoring or liqueur], title: Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 38324: {instructions: Place the feta in a large shallow bowl, add the onion, garlic, lemon zest, orange zest, cherry tomatoes, if using, green olives, and black olives. Toss lightly but thoroughly. Drizzle the olive oil over the salad and toss again. Add the fresh herbs, toss, and add several turns of black pepper. Arrange the lettuce leaves on 1 large or several individual plates and spoon the feta salad on top. Serve immediately.nNote Use the tomatoes only when they are in season locally otherwise, omit them., ingredients: [1 pound feta crumbled, 12 small red onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 lemon, zested and minced, 1 orange, zested and minced, 1 cup very small cherry tomatoes, halved optional, 12 cup green olives, pitted and sliced, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and sliced, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro optional, 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint, Black pepper in a mill, Several large romaine or butter lettuce leaves], title: Feta Olive Salad, picturelink: null}, 38325: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. On a large piece of foil, drizzle olive oil and top with fish fillets. Top with leeks and red pepper. Season with dried tarragon, salt and pepper. Splash fish with 34 tablespoons wine. Fold foil up into a package and place on baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 fillets red snapper or other firm fish, 12 cup thinly sliced leeks, 12 cup thinly sliced red pepper, Salt and pepper, White wine], title: Baked Snapper with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 38326: {instructions: For the crust, combine grahamcracker crumbs, cocoa, sugar and melted butter and mix very thoroughly. Line a clean, ungreased springform pan with the crumb mixture by pressing it first against the sides, then the bottom of the pan. Crumb mixture should hold its shape the sides will take about 23 of the mixture. Press until very smooth and even all around. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours.nMelt chocolate chips in a double boiler and keep warm. In small glass dish or teacup, stir together instant coffee, water and vanilla and orange extracts. Set aside.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar. Gradually add softened cream cheese, mixing well after each addition. Stir in melted chocolate, coffee mixture and the cocoa. Mix well. Gradually add sour cream, mixing well after each addition. Fold in melted butter and blend thoroughly but gently. Pour batter over chilled crust in pan. Place pan on heavy cookie sheet and bake 45 minutes. Cut off heat and open oven door, but do not move cheesecake. Let sit in turnedoff oven 10 to 15 minutes.nGently transfer cheesecake, still on the cookie sheet, to counter and cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate overnight. The next day, unfasten the ring from the springform pan and remove. If desired, garnish top of cheesecake with drizzle of melted dark chocolate, orange candy, chocolatecovered espresso beans and orange zest., ingredients: [212 cups grahamcracker crumbs, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup 112 sticks plus 2 tablespoons melted butter, 8 oz. 113 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tsp. instant coffee, 1 tsp. water, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 tsp. orange extract, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 3 8 oz. packages cream cheese, softened, 2 Tbs. unsweetened cocoa, 3 cups sour cream, 14 cup 12 stick melted butter, Melted dark chocolate optional garnish, Orange candy optional garnish, Chocolatecovered espresso beans optional garnish, Orange zest optional garnish], title: CocoaMocha Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 38327: {instructions: Cut Cuban bread to desired size, common size is 7 inches. Next, slice open the bread down the middle. On the topside of the bread spread 1ounce of mustard, evenly across. Then place 4 pickles on top of the mustard. You then place 1 slice of Swiss cheese on top of the pickles. Slice ham to desired thickness, recommended size is 1 12 ounces per slice, the thinner the better. Now fold each slice of ham in half and place evenly on bottom of bread. On top of the ham, place slices of roast pork, 1 12 ounces per slice. You then join both halves of the sandwich. You are now ready to grill your Cuban sandwich.nUse a sandwich grill if you have one, a waffle iron if not. Spread butter on top of the bread evenly. Close the grill, smashing the sandwich. Leave sandwich in the grill until top of bread turns to a golden brown, and top is crisp. Approximate time is 4 to 6 minutes. After the sandwich is crispy and the cheese has melted, remove the sandwich carefully and slice it diagonally, from corner to corner. DO NOT USE A MICROWAVE OVEN, ingredients: [1 loaf Cuban bread, 1ounce regular mustard, 4 dill pickles, 5 slices boiled ham or Virginia ham, 2 slices roast pork, 1 slice imported Swiss cheese, 1ounce butter], title: Original Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 38328: {instructions: Kill lobster and remove claws and tail. Cook in boiling water for 2 minutes or until they just begin to turn red. Remove from water and cool under running water. Remove from the shell. In a heavy bottom saute pan heat olive oil and butter. Add the corn and cook for 1 minute. Add the lobster and cook until opaque, salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide between 4 shallow bowls. Drizzle with vanilla oil. Drizzle the rosemary ginger vinaigrette and garnish with cracked pepper and ronCombine vanilla bean and seeds from vanilla bean in glass container with oil and let stand for at least 1 honChop ginger, rosemary and garlic in food processor. Add vinegar, soy, honey and continue to blend. Drizzle in peanut and sesame oil while process, ingredients: [2 1 12 pound lobsters, 2 cups sweet corn, cut from the cob, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Cracked black pepper, Salt, to taste, Vanilla oil, recipe follows, Rosemary Ginger vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 cup grape seed or canola oil, 2 2inch stalks fresh rosemary, 1 2inch piece ginger root, peeled, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 cup peanut oil, A few drops sesame oil], title: Sauteed Maine Lobster with Sweet Corn and Rosemary Ginger Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 38329: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 lollipop sticksnThread one mini powdered donut vertically onto each lollipop stick, then top each with the donut holes. Fill a small resealable plastic bag with some orange frosting and a second with the chocolate frosting snip off the tips. Pipe an orange frosting nose onto the center of each doughnut hole, then pipe eyes and a mouth with the chocolate frosting. Set aside while you make the mocha.nAdd the coffee to a 4cup liquid measuring cup or large bowl and stir in the chocolate sauce and whipped cream until completely combined.nPour the mocha into four mugs and insert the snowman donut dippers. Serve with a swirl of whipped cream on top., ingredients: [4 mini powdered donuts, 4 powdered donut holes, Storebought orange frosting, Storebought chocolate frosting, 4 cups strong hot coffee, 34 cup chocolate sauce, 12 cup prepared whipped cream, plus more for serving], title: Snowman Mocha, picturelink: null}, 38330: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the filling ingredients and set aside.nRemove the excess fat and rib meat on chicken breast. Lightly and evenly pound chicken breast to 38inch thickness.nLay the breast flat on the table shiny side down, and place filling on 12 of the breast. Fold the chicken in 12 and tuck in corners.nIn a bowl, beat together the egg and milk to make an egg wash. Lightly dust the chicken in flour and shake off excess flour. Dip chicken in egg mix, shaking off excess. Coat the chicken in Japanese bread crumbs. Place on a baking pan and lightly drizzle with butter. Bake until golden brown and the internal temperature of the chicken reaches 170 degrees F. Remove from the oven and place on serving dish. Top with bearnaise sauce., ingredients: [2 ounces cream cheese or other cheese if desired, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 8ounce chicken breast, 2 ounces butter, melted, 2 ounces bearnaise sauce, Flour, for dusting, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon milk, Japanese bread crumbs Panko, for breading], title: Chicken Tiffany, picturelink: null}, 38331: {instructions: Special equipment: A Belgian waffle ironnPreheat the waffle iron. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F if you plan on holding the cooked waffles in the oven. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a medium bowl.nWhisk the evaporated milk, applesauce, brown sugar, oil, vanilla and 34 cup water in a large bowl.nFold the dry ingredients into the wet, and stir until combined. Dont mix too muchsome lumps are OKjust make sure the flour is coated. Allow the batter to rest at room temperature for 5 minutes before baking.nLadle enough batter into the waffle iron to fill it to the edges, and cook until crispy and brown, 6 to 7 minutes. You can tell the waffles are ready when very little steam comes out of the waffle iron. Continue in batches until all the batter is used. Keep the cooked waffles warm in the oven or covered with foil on a plate while you make the remaining waffles. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and cinnamon, and serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, 12 cup applesauce, 13 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Powdered sugar, ground cinnamon and maple syrup, for serving], title: Applesauce Waffles, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 38332: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9 by 12inch baking pan with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine the blueberries and 12 cup of the sugar. Toss to combine and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the remaining 1 cup sugar, the flour, and baking powder.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter and milk together until smooth. Gradually beat in the flour mixture until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, then scatter the blueberries over the batter, letting them sink in, without mixing. Bake until the top is golden brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving. Spoon the cobbler into bowls and top with ice cream andor blueberries, if using., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 16ounce bag 2 cups frozen blueberries keep frozen until ready to use, 1 12 cups sugar, divided, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup milk regular, lowfat or skim, Ice cream, for plating, optional, Blueberries, for garnish, optional], title: Anitas Blueberry Cobbler, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 38333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and put a rack on the middle shelf. Butter and flour a 9 by 5 by 3inch loaf pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.nIn a separate small bowl, mash the bananas with a wooden spoon, leaving a bit of texture.nIn another large bowl, use a hand electric mixer or stand mixer to cream the 12 cup of butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time. Stir in the mashed bananas, sour cream and vanilla and beat until just combined. Add the dry ingredients and gently stir in pecans. Pour the batter into the pan and put on a sheet tray.nBake for 1 hour and 10 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes in the pan then turn out onto a wire rack to finish cooling. Slice and serve with Honey Butter.nMix the butter and the honey together in a small bowl with a wooden spoon. Serve with the banana bread., ingredients: [1 stick butter, at room temperature, plus more for loaf pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large very ripe bananas, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup chopped pecans, Honey Butter, for serving, recipe follows, 1 stick salted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Momma Callies Banana Nut Bread with Honey Butter, picturelink: s1Zp54Ya2.2e03Nc7pS6uDwAdHSjK6}, 38334: {instructions: In a blender, combine all ingredients and process to a puree. Strain into a stainless steel pan and freeze.nTo serve: scrape ice with fork and spoon and place about 4 ounces in a serving glass. Serve immediately.nIn a stockpot, bring milk to a slow boil. Stir in almond meal and whole almonds. Simmer for 30 minutes. Turn off heat, cover pan, and allow to infuse for 20 minutes.nUncover, and using an immersion blender, process to puree whole almonds. Strain through a fine strainer lined with a dampened cheesecloth. Stir in flavoring and sugar. Chill over bowl of ice.nYield: 2 quarts, ingredients: [1 quart almond milk, recipe follows, 2 ounces almond paste, 2 ounces sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 quarts milk, 1 pound almond meal, 1 pound blanched whole almonds, 2 ounces almond essence, 12 cup sugar], title: Almond Granita, picturelink: null}, 38335: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line a baking sheet with foil. Halve 2 zucchini lengthwise scoop out the seeds, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Chop the scoopedout zucchini flesh and transfer to a bowl. Grate the remaining whole zucchini on the large holes of a box grater add to the bowl along with 1 teaspoon salt. Set aside 10 minutes, then squeeze out the liquid.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, minced jalapeno, chile powder and grated zucchini mixture cook until tender, 4 minutes. Let cool, then stir in the cheese. Spoon into the zucchini halves. Transfer to the baking sheet and bake until bubbling, 20 minutes.nCombine the tomato, scallions and cilantro in a small bowl. Spoon over the zucchini, then top with pickled jalapenos.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [3 medium zucchini, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 1 cup grated muenster cheese, 1 large tomato, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Sliced pickled jalapenos, for topping optional], title: TexMex Stuffed Zucchini, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 38336: {instructions: Bring a small amount of water to a simmer in a pot and set a steamer basket over it.nUsing a sharp paring knife, peel the stems on the artichokes and remove the tougher outer leaves remove the inner leaves by hand, then cut away the center chokes. Place the artichokes in the steamer basket, cover and cook until tender when pierced, about 30 minutes, adding hot water if needed during cooking. Roughly chop the artichokes into 12inch pieces and combine them with the cannellini beans and leeks in a large bowl.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the ParmigianoReggiano, heavy cream and creme fraiche. Pour into the artichoke mixture and toss well. The mixture should be creamy and smooth if too thick, add more cream to thin. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPour the mixture into an 8inch casserole dish. In a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, thyme leaves and lemon zest sprinkle over the top of the casserole.nBake the gratin until the mixture is bubbly and the crust is golden brown, about 30 minutes. Finish with a sprinkle of fleur de sel., ingredients: [8 fresh artichokes, One 14ounce can cannellini beans, 1 leek, split and thinly sliced crosswise, washed and drained, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup heavy cream, plus additional if needed, 12 cup creme fraiche, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 lemons, zested, Fleur de sel, for sprinkling], title: White Bean and Artichoke Gratin, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 38337: {instructions: Flatbread, for servingnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Wrap garlic cloves in foil and roast 15 minutes, until tender.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, combine beans, artichoke hearts, tahini, and lemon juice. Process until blended. When garlic is soft, add half of the cloves about 13 cup to bean mixture and process until smooth. Set aside. Reserve remaining roasted garlic about 13 cup for another recipe. Set hummus aside.nIn a large bowl, combine tomatoes, jalapeno, cilantro, and lime juice. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add shrimp and cook 3 minutes, until cooked through or opaque.nSpoon salsa verde onto a serving platter and top with shrimp. Sprinkle scallions over top, if desired. Serve hummus and flatbread on the side., ingredients: [1 head peeled garlic cloves, 1 15ounce can white beans, rinsed and drained, 1 15ounce can waterpacked artichoke hearts, strained, 14 cup tahini sesame paste, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 large green tomatoes, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup chopped scallions, as optional garnish], title: Shrimp in Salsa Verde and Roasted GarlicArtichoke Hummus with Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 38338: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the ginger and 2 minced garlic cloves cook, stirring, until golden, about 1 minute. Add 1 tablespoon curry powder and the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the ginger and garlic are well coated, about 1 minute.nAdd the lentils, carrots, leeks and 7 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat so the liquid simmers. Season with 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the lentils are tender and start breaking apart, about 25 minutes. Add the spinach and stir until wilted season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, cut the naan into 1inch pieces. Whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 minced garlic clove and 1 teaspoon curry powder and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the naan and toss to coat. Spread on a baking sheet and bake until golden and crisp, about 10 minutes.nTop each serving of soup with the naan croutons, a dollop of yogurt and some cilantro., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 12 cups dried green or red lentils, picked over, 4 carrots, thinly sliced, 2 leeks, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced and well rinsed Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 5ounce package baby spinach about 8 cups, 2 pieces naan bread Plain yogurt and fresh cilantro, for topping], title: Curried LentilVegetable Soup, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 38339: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 1 quart baking dish with nonstick spray.nIn a large bowl, mix together the cream cheese, pepper Jack, mayonnaise, lime juice, and hot sauce until smooth. Fold in the crabmeat, tomatoes, green onions, basil, garlic, salt, and pepper.nSmooth the mixture into baking dish. Bake until golden and bubbly, about 30 minutes.nSplit, pit, peel, and dice the avocados and sprinkle them over the crab dip after it has cooled slightly. Serve warm with crackers or crusty bread., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup 4 ounces grated pepper Jack cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Paula Deen, 1 pound lump crabmeat, well drained and picked clean of shells, 1 cup seeded, diced tomatoes 2 medium tomatoes, 14 cup chopped green onions scallions, white and light green parts, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed black peppercorns, 2 avocados, Crackers or crusty bread, for serving], title: Bobbys Hot Tomato, Jack and Crab Dip, picturelink: null}, 38340: {instructions: Bring rice wine, soy sauce, sugar, fivespice powder, and 14 cup water to a boil in a large casserole or Dutch oven. Add the damp greens. Cover, reduce the heat, and simmer, stirring once or twice, until the greens are very tender, about 15 minutes.nRemove the cover and simmer until the greens are no longer soupy, 3 to 4 minutes. Adjust the seasoning, adding rice vinegar to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine or sherry, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon fivespice powder, 2 12 pounds collard green, tough stems discarded, washed, shaken dry to remove excess water, and coarsely chopped, Rice vinegar], title: SoyBraised Collards with FiveSpice Powder, picturelink: null}, 38341: {instructions: Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 2 batches, beating after each, until just incorporated. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap form into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nMake the filling: Bring the heavy cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over the chocolate in a medium bowl and let stand 2 minutes stir until smooth. Set aside.nWorking with 1 disk at a time, roll out the dough between floured sheets of parchment paper until about 18 inch thick chill 15 minutes. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Cut out circles with a 2inch cutter transfer to the baking sheets. Gather the scraps and refrigerate until firm reroll once to cut out more cookies. Chill the cutouts 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until just golden, about 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nBriefly beat the filling with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until thick, 30 seconds. Chill until cold, about 1 hour. Sandwich between the cookies and roll the edges in sprinkles.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 23 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped, Sprinkles, for decorating optional], title: VanillaChocolate Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 38342: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the mustard and vinegar. Slowly whisk in the oils. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Whisk again when ready to serve.nIn a small skillet, heat the olive oil. Season the diced artichokes lightly with salt and pepper and saute until al dente, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool.nBlanch the carrots and beans by placing each into a fine mesh basket. Set the basket into a pot of boiling salted water and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Plunge onto cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain, cool, and add to the artichokes. Add the onion, radicchio, corn and celery.nWhen ready to serve, dice the avocado and the tomato and add to the other vegetables. Reserving a little vinaigrette, toss the vegetables with the vinaigrette, sprinkle with the grated cheese, and toss again. Correct seasoning to taste.nToss the greens with the reserved vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper to taste.nDivide the salad greens among 4 salad plates. Mound the chopped salad on the greens and serve immediately.nNote: You can be creative as to the vegetables you want to include or exclude in your salad. For example, you can use baby peas in season, or diced Chinese pea pods, or diced Italian squash, etc., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup almond or safflower oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup diced fresh artichoke bottoms, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced green beans, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup diced radicchio, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced ripe avocado, 14 cup peeled, seeded, and chopped tomato, 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup mixed greens of your choice curly endive, chicory, baby lettuce, cut or torn into bitesize pieces], title: Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 38343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, eggs, marinara, parsley, salt, pepper and bread crumbs. Mix thoroughly and put on a baking dish. Shape the meat into a loaf and cover the baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 to 90 minutes. Uncover the last 15 minutes of bake time. Remove the meat from the oven and let it sit for 15 minutes before slicing. Slice and keep warm.nPuree the tomatoes until smooth in a blender. Cook onions in heavy pan, over medium heat until softened. Add the pureed tomatoes to the onions add all the remaining ingredients, except the lime juice. Simmer uncovered, stirring frequently, until thick, about 1 hour.nRemove from heat and let the mixture cool down a little before adding it to a blender. Add the lime juice and puree again.nPut 1 piece of sliced meatloaf on half of the wheat bread slices, add a slice of pepper jack cheese and top with chipotle ketchup. Cover with remaining bread slices and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 2 eggs, 23 cup marinara, 34 cup finely diced parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 13 cups bread crumbs, Wheat bread, 24 slices, 12 slices pepper jack cheese, 2 16ounce cans tomato puree, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 chipotle pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons chipotle sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Meatloaf Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 38344: {instructions: Spoon 2 tablespoons of cranberry sauce into each of 8 4ounce ramekins.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a small saucepan, combine the halfand half, vanilla bean, and vanilla extract. Heat over medium heat just until scalded do not allow the mixture to boil.nFill a large bowl with water and add ice. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the egg, egg yolks, and granulated sugar and mix. Gradually stir in the scalded halfandhalf mixture and place the smaller bowl in the bowl of ice water to cool completely. Stir in the heavy cream and top equally the cranberry prepped ramekins. Place in a baking dish just large enough to hold them and add enough hot water to the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover the baking dish tightly with foil and bake until the custard is set but still quivers in the center, about 35 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the water and refrigerate to cool completely.nPreheat the broiler, if using. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the sugar on top of each custard, spread over the surface, and tap out any excess. Place the ramekins on a broiling tray and broil until the top is melted and caramelized, about 30 seconds. Watch carefully the sugar can burn easily. If using a torch see Tip, pass the flame about 2 inches over the surface of the custards until the sugar is completely caramelized. Serve while the sugar is still warm.n If using a torch, replace the superfine sugar with raw sugar, which caramelizes more successfully under a torch flame., ingredients: [16 tablespoons cranberry sauce, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 vanilla bean, preferably Tahitian, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 egg plus 8 egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, cold, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar see tip], title: Cranberry Vanilla Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 38345: {instructions: In a saucepan, place mustard seeds in oil and cook until they pop. Add whole cloves, star anise, and curry leaves. Cook until fragrant about 1 minute. Next, add grapes, raisins, allepo pepper and pomegranate seeds. Stir ingredients to mix, then add grape juice and vinegar. Cover and simmer slowly over low heat until grapes soften, but hold their shape. Finish with the pine nuts and salt to taste., ingredients: [18 cup of oil, 1 12 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, 3 cloves, 1 star anise, 15 curry leaves, 2 12 cups red seedless grapes, halved, 1 tablespoon raisins, 12 teaspoon allepo pepper, 1 teaspoon pomegranate, ground coarsely, 38 cup fresh green grape juice, 38 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted and chopped, Salt, to taste], title: Grape Chutney, picturelink: null}, 38346: {instructions: Soak 8 bamboo skewers in water for at least 1 hour.nIn a large ziptop bag, combine scallops, thawed pina colada mix, rum, salt, pepper, and garlic. Squeeze out air and seal bag. Gently massage to thoroughly combine ingredients. Marinate in refrigerator 15 minutes or up to 30 minutes. Do not marinate longer then this or the marinade will begin to cook the scallops.nSet up grill for direct cooking or a grill pan over medium heat. Lightly oil the grate when ready to start cooking.nRemove scallops from marinade and discard marinade. Thread 3 scallops through 4 skewers and thread the pineapple wedges onto the remaining skewers. Season with salt and pepper. Note: If grilling indoors on a grillpan, pat the scallops dry before grilling.nSpread toasted coconut on a plate set aside. Place brochettes on hot oiled grill and cook until scallops are opaque and just cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Grill the pineapple until there are nice grill marks and fruit softens a bit, about 4 minutes. Remove from grill and immediately press both sides of brochettes into toasted coconut. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 large sea scallops, 1 10ounce can frozen pina colada mix, thawed recommended: Bacardi, 12 cup light rum, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic recommended: Christopher Ranch, 12 ounces fresh pineapple wedges, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup shredded sweetened coconut, toasted], title: Pina Colada Scallop Brochettes, picturelink: Gn1YQA2BumyU2rTkMiMGBZPAvjWWzO}, 38347: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the artichokes, lemon juice, olive oil, pepper, salt, parsley, coriander seeds, and hot sauce mix well. Refrigerate and marinate overnight.nPreheat the oven broiler and spread the bread slices onto a baking sheet. Broil the bread slices until they are toasted. Spread the sliced bread generously with Garlic Aioli, top with a marinated artichoke, a strip of red pepper, and then sprinkle with basil. Serve immediately.nIn a blender or food processor, combine the eggs, chiligarlic sauce, lemon juice, and garlic. Pulse until well mixed, and then slowly pour in the olive oil and continue processing until the mixture is thick and creamy. Season, to taste, with salt., ingredients: [1 12ounce can quartered artichokes, 4 ounces lemon juice, 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1ounce whole coriander seeds, Dash hot sauce, 1 loaf baguette, sliced 12inch thick, brushed with a mixture of olive oil, garlic, salt, black pepper, rosemary, and thyme, Garlic Aioli, recipe follows, 1 roasted red pepper, peeled, seeded, and sliced, 1ounce fresh basil leaves, very thinly sliced, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon Thai chiligarlic sauce recommended: Sriracha, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Artichoke Toasts, picturelink: null}, 38348: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together the tofu, shallot, curry powder and hot pepper sauce. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Serve with pita chips., ingredients: [1 pint silken tofu, 12 small shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon curry powder, or to taste, Dash hot pepper sauce, Pita chips as an accompaniment], title: 2 Alarm Tofu Dip, picturelink: null}, 38349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a nonstick 10inch saute pan, heat the vegetable oil and butter over medium heat. Press grated potato into pan. Season with salt and pepper. Let cook undisturbed until crisp on bottom, 8 to 10 minutes. Gently flip onto a plate and then slide other side into pan to cook. Salt and pepper second side. Cook another 5 to 10 minutes, until potato cake is cooked through and nicely browned. Cut into wedges, sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Crispy Potato Cake, picturelink: wg.kz1q1ZYsA5OEZLgL2cRxL9jzFE0K}, 38350: {instructions: Zest and juice 1 orange reserve. Cut the peel and white pith from the remaining orange. Slice the orange into halfmoons and put into a bowl. Add the fennel, 4 teaspoons olive oil, vinegar, and 1 teaspoon salt toss to coat and set aside.nToss the shrimp with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil sprinkle with salt. Sear the shrimp in a hot skillet for 45 seconds, then flip. Add 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange zest, and butter cook until the shrimp is opaque in the center, 1 to 2 minutes.nServe the fennel salad with the shrimp., ingredients: [2 oranges, 1 large bulb fennel, thinly sliced about 2 cups, 4 teaspoons plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Shrimp With Orange Butter and Fennel and Orange Salad, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 38351: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 4 layers of cheesecloth in colander set over a bowl. Add the yogurt and let drain overnight in the refrigerator. The desired consistency is that of soft cream cheese., ingredients: [2 quarts plain yogurt], title: Yogurt Cheese, picturelink: ZYlmnn.PNQGoTfZj7frXChQNdG3T8uG}, 38352: {instructions: Combine coffee and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Pour into a freezer safe container. Place in freezer and scrape with a fork every 30 minutes until completely frozen. In a mixing bowl whip cream until soft peaks.nAssemble in a tall champagne flute alternating granita and cream., ingredients: [3 cups strong coffee, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Espresso Granita, picturelink: null}, 38353: {instructions: Halve bananas, then cut into quarters. Place 3 segments into each serving dish. Using a melon baler to achieve tiny scoops, place a scoop of each flavor of ice cream on top of the banana. Ice cream may be scooped ahead of time and refrozen. This will help the ice cream to hold its shape.nDrizzle a little bit of each sauce over the ice cream and sprinkle with crushed nuts, whipped cream, and top it off with a maraschino cherry.nBreak up or chop the chocolate and place it in a bowl. Melt in microwave on low power, stirring every 30 seconds. Serve immediately.nUsing a fork, mash strawberries with sugar in a bowl until well mixed. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPuree pineapple and sugar in food processor or blender until slightly chunky. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [6 bananas, 1 cup each vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry ice cream, Chocolate Syrup, recipe follows, Strawberry Sauce, recipe follows, Pineapple Topping, recipe follows, Crushed nuts, Whipped cream, Maraschino cherries, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 pint strawberries, rinsed, dried, and tops removed, 12 cup sugar, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into large dice or 3 cups canned or frozen pineapple, 12 cup sugar], title: Tiny Banana Splits, picturelink: null}, 38354: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a straightsided baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the coconut, sugar, lime zest, nutmeg and salt. Set aside.nIn a second small bowl, whisk together the jam and the lime juice. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nUnroll the pizza dough and, using a rolling pin, roll into a 10by12inch rectangle. With a pizza cutter, cut the dough into twelve 1inch strips. Tie a knot at both ends of the strips and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush each of the bones with some egg wash and then sprinkle with the coconut mixture.nBake until golden brown and puffed, 13 to 16 minutes. Remove from the baking sheet and serve with the raspberrylime blood for dipping., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon lime zest plus 1 tablespoon lime juice 1 large lime, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch salt, 12 cup seedless raspberry jam, One 13.8ounce can refrigerated pizza dough, such as Pillsbury, 1 egg, beaten], title: Coconut Bones, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 38355: {instructions: Make the Chicken: Season the chicken with salt and pepper.nUsing scissors, round off the 4 corners of the parchment paper squares to make large circles dont worry about the circle being perfect. Arrange each breast, slightly off center, on the paper circles, with the smooth rounded sides up. Fold one end of the paper over each breast, to make halfmoon shapes. The breasts should be horizontal to the folds. Make 14inch folds all around the open ends and press to crimp and seal. Close the final crimp with a paper clip. Place packages on a baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the Sauce: Heat the oil in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the roasted squash and fennel and season with salt, to taste. Cook, scraping the bottom of the pot with the wooden spoon to loosen any bits, about 3 to 4 minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the sherry, and cook, stirring, until completely evaporated. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for 7 minutes. Season with pepper. Remove from the heat and let cool.nPuree the sauce in a blender and strain it through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth. The sauce and can be made a day in advance.nWhen ready to serve: Arrange a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.nBake the chicken packages until puffed and lightly browned, about 20 minutes.nHeat the sesame oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bok choy, season with salt, and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the soy sauce and chicken stock, cover, and cook until soft but still firm in the center, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, reheat the sauce in a small saucepan and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide the chicken packages among 4 plates. Using scissors, cut an X in the top of each package and pull back the edges to reveal the chicken. Spoon 2 to 4 tablespoons of the sauce over the chicken, and nestle 2 halves of the bok choy beside the chicken. Garnish with the cilantro sprigs and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 square sheets of parchment paper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed or canola oil, 14 cup sliced shallot, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups cubed butternut squash, roasted, 1 cup diced fennel, roasted, Kosher salt, 14 cup dry sherry, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 4 baby bok choy, sliced in 12 down the center, Kosher salt, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, Fresh cilantro sprigs], title: Chicken Supremes in Parchment with Roasted Squash Sauce and Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 38356: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9 12 by 5 12inch loaf pan.nIn a large mixing bowl, sift flour, wholewheat flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Reserve.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, food processor, or blender, add eggs, butter, buttermilk, lemon juice, bananas, sugar, and salt.nMix or blend until smooth. Slowly add dry ingredients. Fold in nuts. Pour batter into pan and bake 1 hour and 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted comes out clean., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 eggs, 5 tablespoons butter, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 5 large bananas, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup pecan or walnut halves], title: Banana Nut Bread, picturelink: null}, 38357: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the ground beef and pork in a large bowl and douse with the wine. Grate 3 to 4 tablespoons onion directly into the bowl to catch the juices. Add the oregano, garlic, chile, cheese, 1 tablespoon pepper and a drizzle of EVOO. Mix until just combined. Shape into 4 large patties or 12 small patties for sliders. Make an indentation in the center of each patty to help them cook evenly and prevent them from puffing up. Sprinkle with a little salt.nArrange the salami slices on a rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until they crisp up a bit, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nHeat a heavy griddle or castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties and cook, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes for regular ones and 6 minutes for sliders. Top with the provolone and cook until melted.nSpread some of the giardiniera relish on the bottom halves of the rolls and top with the patties. Top with the salami and some Quick Marinara Sauce. Cover with the top halves of the rolls.nHeat the EVOO in a small pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, chile and onion and cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the wine and cook 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, oregano, basil and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer over low heat until thickened., ingredients: [1 14 pounds 80percent ground beef, 34 pound ground pork, 13 cup dry red wine, 12 onion, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, 2 large cloves garlic, finely grated or minced, 1 fresh chile pepper, finely chopped, or 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, A handful of grated Pecorino, Freshly ground pepper, EVOO, for drizzling, Salt, 8 slices hard salami or Genoa salami sliced not too thin, 4 slices provolone sliced not too thin, 1 cup giardiniera Italian pickled vegetables, drained and finely chopped or pulsed in a food processor, 4 large kaiser rolls, or 12 small rolls for sliders, Quick Marinara Sauce, for topping, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 cloves garlic, grated or minced, 1 fresh chile pepper, finely chopped, 14 onion, grated, 14 cup dry red wine, One 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, A few fresh basil leaves, lightly torn, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: The Ultimate Salami Burgers, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 38358: {instructions: Lightly salt both sides of the fillets. Then press each side firmly into the cracked pepper to coat.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil on high heat. Add the fillets to the pan and cook to the desired temperature. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Note: after removing from heat the filets will continue to cook, so better under than over. 1 to 2 minutes per side for rare cold red center 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare warm red center 5 to 6 minutes per side for medium hot pink center 7 to 8 minutes per side for medium well hot very little pink center 8 to 9 minutes per side for well hot center NO pink at all.nIn the same pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter, garlic, and shallots and cook until golden brown. Remove from the heat and carefully pour in the brandy or cognac. Alcohol is very flammable, so have a lid handy. Put the pan back on the stove on medium to mediumhigh heat and add the heavy cream. Cook until reduced by half, about 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk in the honey and mustard. Adjust seasoning with salt, if desired.nPlate the fillets, finish with the sauce, and enjoy. Serve with your favorite starch and vegetable. At the Top of the Riverfront we serve with roasted garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed fresh vegetables in season., ingredients: [4 6ounce beef fillets have the butcher cut them in 12 to make 8 3ounce fillets, Salt, 1 cup coarsely cracked black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons finely diced garlic, 2 teaspoons finely diced shallots, 13 cup brandy or cognac, 2 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons pure clover honey, 14 cup stone ground mustard], title: Saint Louis Pepper Steak, picturelink: IAhUuKOzM6AOqoQVQyjbe1DTPDTlS.6}, 38359: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine almond flour, powdered sugar, coconut flakes, and flour.nIn another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks and add the sugar. Whip to medium peaks. Gently fold in the dry ingredients.nSpoon the mixture into a pastry bag set with plain tip. Pipe into rings on a parchmentlined baking sheet, and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup almond flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 egg whites, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Coconut Almond Meringues, picturelink: null}, 38360: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a castiron griddle over low heat preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine the cream cheese, jam and slivered almonds in a small bowl and beat with an electric mixer.nSlice the challah into 2inchthick slices. With a pairing knife, make a 12inch horizontal slit in the bottom crust of each slice to form a pocket.nUsing a butter knife, fill each slice with some of the cream cheese mixture. Set aside.nWhisk together the eggs, almond extract, brown sugar and milk in a large baking dish. Dip the stuffed challah slices into the egg mixture, turning to fully coat each slice.nIncrease the temperature on the preheated griddle to medium heat add the butter, let it melt, and then place the stuffed and dipped challah onto the griddle. Cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet fitted with a baking rack, and hold in the oven to keep warm. Serve with slivered almonds and maple syrup., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 13 cup fruit jam, such as sour cherry, 14 cup slivered almonds, plus for garnish, 1 loaf challah bread, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Cream CheeseStuffed French Toast, picturelink: 8QTWT4WcQ6sMGSn6YigfLRvfIfE2rS.}, 38361: {instructions: Combine 1 can wholeberry cranberry sauce and the grated zest of half an orange in a skillet and warm over low heat, stirring, just until the cranberry sauce loosens. Sweeten 2 cups freshly whipped cream with a touch of confectioners sugar fold into the cranberries until ribbons of color form, but stop before the two mix completely.nPhotograph by Anita Calero, ingredients: [], title: Whipped Cranberry Dressing, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 38362: {instructions: In a bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaksnot too stiff.nIn a large bowl, using a handheld mixer, whisk the eggs until thick, about 2 minutesnCombine the sugar and water and bring to a boil for 1 minute. Pour the sugar mixture over the yolks, and beat mixture again.nIn a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water the water should not touch to bottom of the bowl, melt the chocolate and butter, stirring occasionally. Remove the bowl from the heat and let cool until just warm.nFold in the egg mixture and whipped cream into the chocolate mixture until just combined. Refrigerate the chocolate mousse until set, about 2 hours.nTo serve: Set an ice cream scoop in a bowl of hot tap water for a few minutes.nLay a stencil cut from a piece of parchment paper heart, snowflake, Easter egg, or Santas boot, on a plate and sprinkle cocoa powder over the top. Remove the stencil and repeat on the remaining plates.nUsing the hot ice cream scoop, smoothly scoop the chocolate mousse and center a scoop on each plate. Decorate each plate with orange segments and mint., ingredients: [1 14 cup heavy cream, 3 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Cocoa powder or confectioners sugar, for garnish, Orange segments, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves or sprigs, for garnish], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 38363: {instructions: Combine milk, grits and salt in a saucepan, bring to a boil. Turn heat to low and simmer, stirring constantly, for about 20 minutes or until grits are tender and thick. Remove from heat, stir in the butter and cheese and serve warm., ingredients: [3 12 cups milk, 1 cup white grits, not instant, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese], title: Grits, picturelink: null}, 38364: {instructions: Quarter a pineapple lengthwise, leaving the green top on each piece. Slice out the core and discard. Score the flesh down to the skin. Then run a knife between skin and flesh, to liberate the pieces. What you want is the whole thing to look like its still intact, but be easy to eat in bitesize cubes. You can splash it with rum if you like., ingredients: [Splash of rum, optional, 1 pineapple], title: Pineapple Boats, picturelink: null}, 38365: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter and lightly flour the insides of a 10inch round cake pan.nSift together the flour, polenta, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn a mixer, on medium speed, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add 1 cup of the sugar and beat until pale and fluffy Add almond paste and beat again. Blend in vanilla and almond extracts, then beat in the egg yolks, 1 at a time, being sure that each is mixed in before the next is added. Alternately, beat in small amounts of the sifted dry ingredients and the cream to the butter mixture, beginning and ending with dry ingredients.nIn a clean mixer, beat egg whites until opaque, then add remaining 14 cup sugar and beat until whites form soft peaks. Fold into batter gently but thoroughly. Pour the batter into the cake pan. Bake on the middle shelf of the oven for about 60 minutes, or until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Do not test or move the cakes before they have baked for at least 45 minutes since they are delicate and may fall.nAllow the cake to cool and when cooled remove from the pan and dust the top with powdered sugar. Cut into eighths or tenths.nServe this cake with summer fruits u2014peaches, nectarines, apricots, berriesu00bfu2014tossed with a little sugar, freshly squeezed lemon juice and a pinch of gray salt., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup polenta, fine grind, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 34 cups sweet unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 cup almond paste, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 6 large eggs, separated, 1 cup heavy cream, Powdered sugar, for serving], title: Polenta Poundcake, picturelink: null}, 38366: {instructions: In a blender, puree the mango or other fruit with other ingredients chill for 2 hours before serving and stir before serving., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, banana, or papaya peeled and pureed, Honey to taste 1 to 2 teaspoonfuls, 14 teaspoon saffron threads steeped in 2 teaspoons hot water, 1 cup ice water, Lemon juice to taste  2 to 3 tablespoons, 1 cup plain yogurt], title: Fruit Lassi, picturelink: null}, 38367: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F place oven racks in the top and bottom positions. Line two baking sheets with parchment.nFor the dipping sauce: Whisk the buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream and vinegar in a medium bowl until smooth. Add the chives, parsley, dill, garlic powder, 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper whisk to combine. Cover and chill while you make the cauliflower.nFor the cauliflower: Whisk the flour, paprika, garlic powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a spouted measuring cup, stir together the buttermilk and 12 cup water. Whisk the buttermilk mixture into the flour to make a smooth, thick batter.nAdd the cauliflower to the batter and toss well to coat. Transfer the cauliflower to the prepared baking sheets, shaking excess batter back into the bowl. Arrange the florets on the baking sheets so they dont touch. Bake until the batter is set, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter with the hot sauce in a small saucepan over low heat. When the cauliflower has baked for 15 minutes and the batter is set, drizzle with half of the hot sauce mixture, then turn over the florets and drizzle with the rest of the hot sauce mixture.nSet the oven to broil. Broil the cauliflower until tender and the coating is crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. Let cool briefly before serving with the dipping sauce. Serve carrot sticks, celery sticks, bell pepper strips and cucumber slices alongside., ingredients: [13 cup buttermilk, 13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 medium head cauliflower, broken into 1 12inch florets, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, Serving suggestions: carrot sticks, celery sticks, bell pepper strips and cucumber slices], title: Cauliflower Hot Wings with Buttermilk Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: UR3QIeyaCLTpBrBMg.6wv.7z1BJKcrK}, 38368: {instructions: In a large bowl combine couscous and boiling water. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to steam for 5 minutes. Fluff couscous with a fork, breaking apart clumps with fingertips. Stir in currants, apricots, and pine nuts and set aside. In a small bowl whisk together the zest, juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and cayenne. Drizzle mixture over the couscous and toss to combine. Couscous can be made up to this point 1 to 2 days in advance. Store in an airtight container and refrigerate. Stir in the scallions. Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with mint., ingredients: [3 cups couscous, 4 12 cups boiling water or chicken broth, 34 cup dried currants, 1 cup dried apricots, diced, 34 cup toasted pine nuts, Zest of a lemon, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, Cayenne, to taste, 5 to 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 34 cup fresh mint leaves, finely sliced], title: Couscous with Currants, Dried Apricots and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 38369: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch springform pan, then line the bottom and sides with parchment paper and butter the paper. Wrap the outside of the pan with foil.nMake the praline layer: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the brown sugar, corn syrup, kosher salt and vanilla. Spread in the prepared pan and scatter the pecans on top set aside.nMake the cake: Whisk the flour, baking soda, nutmeg and fine salt in a large bowl. Whisk the buttermilk and bourbon in another bowl.nBeat the butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, 10 minutes. With the mixer on low, beat in the eggs, one at a time. Add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the buttermilk mixture, starting and ending with flour. Fold in the pecans.nPour the batter into the pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool on a rack, 30 minutes. Remove the springform ring, invert the cake onto a plate and remove the paper. Serve with ice cream.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 14 cups pecans, toasted, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup pecans, toasted and chopped, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Bourbon Praline Cake, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 38370: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together all ingredients except the feta. Put feta on 4 serving plates and spoon some of the salad over each. Serve., ingredients: [12 small green bell pepper, chopped, 12 small red onion, sliced, 13 cup Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, rinsed, 14 seedless cucumber, chopped, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 thick slices feta cheese about 8 ounces], title: Greek Salad: Horiatiki Salad, picturelink: null}, 38371: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, add half of the onion and the garlic and cook, stirring, until soft and just begins to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chili powder, 12 teaspoon salt and the cayenne pepper. Cook, stirring, until the oil is brick red, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Cook until thickened slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the shredded chicken and stir until just warmed through, remove from heat and cool to room temperature.nWhisk together the sour cream, cilantro, lime juice and zest in a small bowl. Toss together the corn and pepper in another small bowl.nLayer the dip in a medium, straightsided 3quart glass trifle bowl or your favorite serving dish. Spread the cornbread on the bottom, then top, in even layers, with the tomatoes, beans, cheese, cilantrolime sour cream, chicken chili, the remaining chopped onions and the cornpepper mixture.nWrap and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Serve with chips for dipping.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves and stems, Juice and zest of 1 lime, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 12 cups crumbled cornbread, 3 medium tomatoes, chopped, One 14ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups shredded yellow Cheddar, Tortilla or corn chips for dipping], title: EightLayer Chicken Chili Dip, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 38372: {instructions: Wash and dry orange. Cut orange, with peel, into small wedges and place in a food processor. Add cranberries, pear, sugar, and salt. Pulse until coarsely chopped. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 2 hours or up to 2 days. Just before serving, stir in the pecans., ingredients: [1 small navel orange, 1 12ounce bag fresh or frozen cranberries, 1 Bartlett pear, cored and cut into large chunks, 12 cup light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons toasted and coarsely chopped pecans], title: Orange Cranberry Pear Relish, picturelink: null}, 38373: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling water, salted water over high heat, blanch the green beans for 1 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and shock in a large bowl of ice water, drain. In the same pot, add the red cabbage and blanch for 1 minute, remove with a slotted spoon and shock in the ice water, drain well. In a large bowl, combine the blanched red cabbage and the raw Napa cabbage, jalapeno pepper, vinegar, oil and honey, season to taste with slat and pepper. Transfer the mixture to a large saucepan and cook, covered, mixing occasionally, until cooked through. Combine the juices, basil, and onion in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place the cabbage in a serving bowl, toss with the citrus vinaigrette and fold in the haricots verts. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound haricots verts, 1 medium head red cabbage, finely shredded, 1 small head Napa cabbage, 2 jalapeno pepper, minced, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and pepper, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup lime juice, 2 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion, 2 cups pure olive oil], title: Cabbage and Green Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 38374: {instructions: For the sauce: Melt the butter in saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the flour and stir until blended. Slowly whisk in the milk until the sauce thickens, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese until melted.nFor the philly: Heat the oil in a pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and green peppers, tossing around to flavor the oil, until starting to change color, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the steak and start chopping using a spatula, moving it around the skillet until theres a sprinkling of both browned and red meat. Add the seasoning salt, some sea salt, black pepper, olive oil, vinegar and oregano. Really dig the spatula into the meat, moving it around until its all cooked evenly, about 2 minutes, depending on desired doneness.nLay the meat onto the rolls and top with the smoked Gruyere cheese sauce. Serve with salty potato chips., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup wholewheat white flour, 2 cups evaporated milk, 1 cup smoked Gruyere cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced into rings and halved, 1 large green pepper, thinly sliced into rings and halved, 2 pounds ribeye steak, thinly shaved from butcher fat included, 18 teaspoon seasoning salt, Sea salt, Freshly ground pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, Vinegar, Dried oregano, 4 soft hoagie rolls, amoroso rolls or steak sandwich bread, split lengthwise, Salty potato chips, for serving], title: Philly Cheese Steak with Smoked Gruyere Sauce, picturelink: VUOLTuriZYJSVaTyVVVqoVBobsHqhva}, 38375: {instructions: Bring large pot of water to boil, then salt and cook pasta to al dente on the chewy side, 7 minutes. Once your pasta water comes to a boil to cook ziti, preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nTo medium skillet over medium heat add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Cook onions and garlic in oil 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and bring to a bubble. Add cream and season sauce with cinnamon, salt and pepper. Add chopped prosciutto to sauce and stir with cooked pasta to combine. Coat a medium casserole with the butter. Adjust seasonings and transfer pasta to casserole. Cover pasta with ParmigianoReggiano and place in the oven for 10 minutes. Serve hot from oven., ingredients: [1 pound ziti rigate, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 15ounce can, crushed tomatoes, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, Salt and pepper, 3 ounces prosciutto, 1 thick slice from deli, chopped, 14 to 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Softened butter to coat a medium casserole or baking dish], title: Pasta al Forno, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 38376: {instructions: Rinse 1 cup quinoa toast in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring, 4 minutes. Add 1 12 cups water. Bring to a boil reduce the heat, cover and simmer 13 minutes. Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil with 1 teaspoon each wholegrain mustard and red wine vinegar in a large bowl add 4 thinly sliced celery stalks and 2 tablespoons each chopped red onion, kalamata olives and parsley. Season with salt. Add the quinoa toss.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: QuinoaOlive Salad, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 38377: {instructions: Spray a large skillet with cooking spray, and add water. Add the carrots, celery, red bell peppers, yellow bell peppers, peanuts, garlic, and hot pepper flakes and saute until tender, but still crisp. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Cooking spray, as needed, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup julienned carrots, 14 cup julienned celery, 14 cup julienned red bell pepper, 14 cup julienned yellow bell pepper, 2 tablespoons toasted peanuts, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic, 1 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Szechwan Mixed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 38378: {instructions: Boil syrup to 234 degrees. Cool quickly. Stir until syrup starts to lighten and thicken. Add nuts. Pour into a buttered 8inch by 8inch pan., ingredients: [3 cups fancy or medium amber Vermont maple syrup, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Maple Butternut Fudge, picturelink: null}, 38379: {instructions: Heat the oil a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until tender and translucent. Add the rice, chicken broth and the sazon packet and stir until the rice is coated with the oil and toasted. Stir in the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and cover with a lid. Cook until the rice is tender and all of the liquid is absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the lid and fluff with fork. Gently fold in cilantro and transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 cups longgrain white rice, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 packet sazon seasoning with coriander and annatto recommended: Goya, 2 small plum tomatoes, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Ginas Mexican Rice, picturelink: null}, 38380: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nWarm tortillas in oven.nWhile tortillas are warming, heat a nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add zucchini, chiles, and green onions and saute for 3 minutes or until tender. Stir in the rice, cheese, salt, and pepper and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in the sour cream.nFill warmed tortillas with rice mixture. Top with lettuce and tomato. Roll up the burrito and serve with salsa., ingredients: [6 6inch flour tortillas, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups shredded zucchini, 1 4ounce can chopped green chiles, 1 12 cups thinly sliced green onions, 1 cup cooked rice, 34 cup shredded fatfree pepper jack cheese, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup fatfree sour cream, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, 6 tablespoons salsa], title: Chile Cheese Rice Burritos, picturelink: pRE41GTaS3XxlH38PSN73eDHq0dHSDe}, 38381: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, brown the ground beef while breaking the mass into smaller pieces. While the meat is cooking and still a little pink, add the onion and saute until the beef is fully cooked and the onion turns translucent. Drain all of the fat from the pan. Add all the dry spices and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more, then stir in the tomato sauce. Once combined, incorporate the beef stock, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour. Put the cooked bucatini in a serving bowl and add the meat sauce. Garnish with ParmigianoReggiano and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 8020 lean muscle to fat ratio, 1 onion, finely diced, 2 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 12 teaspoons ground cloves, 2 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 12 teaspoons powdered ginger, 2 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon cocoa powder, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 4 cups lowsodium beef stock, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound bucatini noodles, boiled in salted water, drained, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Weird Spaghetti, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 38382: {}, 38383: {instructions: Heat your grill.nFor the Wasabi Mayo: Mix all the ingredients together. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the Rock Shrimp Burgers: process half the shrimp with the egg. Coarsely chop the remaining shrimp and put it into a bowl. Add the processed shrimp and the parsley, bread crumbs, and salt and pepper to taste. Divide the mixture into 4 portions and form them into patties. Grill them on medium heat until cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. You can also fry them in a skillet with a little oil.nTo serve: place a burger onto a bun. Top with a slice of tomato and some Wasabi Mayo. Cover with the bun top and serve.nFor miniburgers: Prepare the buns by cutting out smaller buns with a 1 12inch diameter ring mold or biscuit cutter. Take a heaping tablespoon of the burger mixture and form it into a small patty. Continue with the remaining mixture until all the burgers are formed. Grill them over medium heat until browned and cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place a shrimp burger onto a minibun. Top with a slice of cherry tomato and some Wasabi Mayo. Cover with the bun top and secure them with a toothpick., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup prepared wasabi available in the Asian section of your supermarket, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, Pinch salt, 1 pound rock shrimp, 1 egg, 14 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Hamburger buns, for serving, Tomato slices, or cherry tomato slices, for miniburgers, for serving], title: Rock Shrimp Burgers with Wasabi Mayo, picturelink: vhXfFtRiB2V0BpZl83fadUJKYKk2zT6}, 38384: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown and caramelized. Add the shallots and saute for 8 to 10 more minutes, until the onions and shallots are dark brown. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes, then chop the onion mixture into 14inch pieces. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nIn a bowl, mix the sour cream, mayonnaise, celery salt, Worcestershire sauce and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Fold in the onion mixture. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight. Garnish with chives and serve with potato chips.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 Vidalia onions, sliced into 14inchthick rings, 2 large shallots, sliced into 18inchthick rings, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chives, finely chopped, for garnish, Potato chips, for serving], title: French Onion Dip, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 38385: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometer and 6 wooden skewersnIn a large Dutch oven, heat the peanut oil to 350 degrees F over medium heat. Line a large plate or baking sheet with paper towels.nIn a large bowl, sift together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the buttermilk, vegetable oil, honey and egg and stir to combine. The batter should be a little thicker than pancake batter it should fall off a spoon but not run off of it. If necessary, add more buttermilk 1 tablespoon at a time.nDry the hot dogs thoroughly with a kitchen towel. Insert a skewer into the cut end of each hot dog, pushing it almost all the way through to the tip. Sprinkle the cornstarch onto a small plate and roll the hot dogs on the plate to lightly dust them with cornstarch. Gently tap the hot dogs to remove extra cornstarch.nPour the batter into a tall drinking glass. Holding a skewered hot dog at the bottom of the skewer, dunk the hot dog straight down into the glass of batter so that it is fully immersed in the batter. Slowly pull the hot dog back out, ensuring that it is fully coated on all sides and allowing some of the excess batter to drip back into the glass. Immediately place the battered hot dog carefully into the hot oil while still holding the stick with tongs. Cook until deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, turning the stick as necessary to ensure even browning. Place the cooked corn dog on the plate of paper towels to drain. Repeat with the remaining hot dogs., ingredients: [8 cups 2 quarts peanut or grapeseed oil, for frying, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 large egg, beaten, 6 hot dogs, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Corn Dogs, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 38386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor this recipe its important that you use Japanese shortgrain white rice, also sometimes called sushi rice. Brown rice and longgrain rice will not work. Cook the rice according to the package directions along with the salt. While the rice is cooking bring the soy sauce and mirin to a boil over low heat until its reduced by about half. Take it off the heat and whisk in the butter.nWhen the rice is done and cooled down just a bit it should still be hot, cut off a square piece of plastic wrap and pile 14 of the cooked rice in the center. Wrap the plastic around it and use your hands to press it together into 1inch thick triangle. Make sure they are densely packed together so they wont fall apart on the grill. Repeat with the remaining rice and plastic wrap.nPreheat the grill to medium.nUse a pastry brush to baste 1 side of the rice balls with the butter mixture and put them on the grill, buttered side down. Let them grill until browned and crisp on 1 side, about 5 minutes then brush the tops of the rice balls with the butter mixture. Flip them over using tongs and grill until the second side is crisp. Transfer the rice balls to a serving platter. Brush again with the butter mixture and garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 cup shortgrain sushi rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 14 cup butter, cut into small pieces, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Grilled Rice Balls, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 38387: {instructions: Heat oven to 200 degrees F. Cut off the bottoms of the apples. Using the mandoline, thinly slice the apples using even pressure. Make sure each slice is uniform in thickness. Frequently turn the apple to avoid torn skin. Line baking sheet with a silpat or parchment paper.Cover the silpat with the apple slices in a single layer. Sprinkle confectioners sugar on the apple slices. Bake for 1 to 1 12 hours. Cool completely on a wire rack. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [2 uncored apples, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Oven Dried Apple Chips, picturelink: null}, 38388: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a 9 by 13 by 2inch casserole dish with aluminum foil. Sprinkle the bass with salt and arrange the fillets in the casserole dish.nMake the basting sauce by mixing the ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, butter, and onion. Pour the sauce over the catfish and bake until the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 20 to 25 minutes. Baste the fish, with the sauce in the pan, every 10 minutes as it bakes. Remove the fish from the oven and using pancake turners, carefully transfer the fish to a serving platter. Garnish with lemon slices and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds 4 fillets catfish, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup chopped sweet onion, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Saucy Catfish, picturelink: rRKb8zQ6BrW6ubwQp844skRphZ1lAm}, 38389: {instructions: In a stainless steel bowl, whisk wasabi, mirin and sugar. Add water until a loose puree is achieved. Whisk in oil. For extra spicy, use less oil., ingredients: [12 cup wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 teaspoon sugar, Water, 12 cup canola oil], title: Wasabi Oil, picturelink: null}, 38390: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine beer and milk. Add pork and marinate pork for 1 hour, minimum. Refrigerate if marinating for longer.nPreheat a deep fryer or a large pot of oil to 370 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine the crackers, 2 cups flour, pepper, garlic, salt, white pepper, and bread crumbs. Remove pork from marinade and coat lightly with plain flour. Dip in marinade and coat with breading mix. Deep fry tenderloins until golden brown and cooked to desired temperature, about 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup beer, 1 quart skim milk, 10 1 pound pork tenderloins, Oil, 3 cups crushed crackers, 2 cups flour, plus 2 cups, 12 cup ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 4 cups fresh bread crumbs], title: Tenderloins, picturelink: null}, 38391: {instructions: Combine the salsa and cream in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the corn chips, reduce the heat and simmer, stirring frequently, until the chips soften, about 15 minutes. Stir in the grated cheese and remove from the heat.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick skillet. Fry the eggs, sunnyside up, just until set. Ladle the corn chip mixture into bowls. Top each with a fried egg and 1 teaspoon of sour cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup Red Tomato Salsa recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 cups fried tortilla chips recipe follows, 2 parts grated manchego, 2 parts grated panela, 1 part grated Cotija, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon sour cream], title: Huevoquiles, picturelink: null}, 38392: {instructions: Preheat an indoor grill pan or outdoor grill. If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill.nMash together crumbled bread crumbs, vinegar, capers, garlic, anchovy paste, and mustard using a mortar and pestle see cooks note. Add parsley, oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, and stir until combined well. Stir in water. Set aside and keep warm.nLightly brush the steak with oil and season on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill steak, turning once, about 10 minutes total for mediumrare. Let stand 10 minutes. Stir sauce and serve with steak.nCooks Note: Sauce can also be whisked together in small bowl. Mince and mash garlic to a paste with a pinch of salt before adding to a bowl., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons coarsely crumbled firm white sandwich bread, 1 12 teaspoons redwine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons drained bottled capers, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon anchoy paste, 18 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons water, 1 12ounce 1inchthick boneless beef top loin steak New York strip, Vegetable oil, as needed], title: Grilled New York Strip Steak with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 38393: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with 1 rack set on the middle shelf and 1 rack set on the bottom shelf. Fill a large baking dish halfway with warm water and place on the bottom rack.nButter eight 8ounce ramekins and place on a baking sheet. Slice the cheese into 12inch cubes and lay on a plate to keep them from sticking together.nWhisk the heavy cream and eggs together in a large bowl. Add 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper. Add the baguette cubes and ham. Stir to combine.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, fennel and thyme, season with salt and pepper and cook until slightly softened and browned around the edges, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the apples, season with salt and pepper and cook until slightly softened and browned around the edges, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the wine and cook until the wine has completely absorbed, 3 to 4 minutes. Discard the thyme sprigs. Add the apple mixture along with the cheese cubes to the beaten eggs, and stir to combine.nEvenly divide the bread pudding among the ramekins. Bake until a paring knife inserted into the center of a bread pudding comes out clean and hot, 18 to 25 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through. Allow the bread puddings to cool for at least 5 minutes before serving. Garnish each ramekin with a fennel frond and serve alongside a lightly dressed green salad., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the ramekins, 8 ounces camembert cheese with rind, 3 cups halfandhalf, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette, bottom crust discarded, cut into 12inch dice about 8 cups, One 8ounce piece Virginia ham, cut into 12inch cubes about 2 cups, 2 shallots, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 1 large fennel, halved, cored and thinly sliced about 2 cups, fronds reserved, 2 large fresh thyme sprigs, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 cup dry white wine, Green salad, for serving, optional], title: Camembert and Ham Bread Pudding, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 38394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nFor the vegetables: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat, or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the vegetables with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the eggplant until tender, about 4 minutes each side. Grill the asparagus for 3 to 4 minutes, turning occasionally until crisptender. When cool enough to handle, cut the asparagus in half crosswise.nFor the filling: In a small bowl, mix together the ricotta cheese, basil, Pecorino Romano, lemon zest, and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo assemble: Place 4 slices eggplant on a work surface. Spread each with 2 to 3 tablespoons of the ricotta mixture. Line 4 pieces of asparagus, sidebyside, on top. Place another slice of eggplant on top and repeat the layers. Top each napoleon with a slice of eggplant and place on a small baking sheet. Bake until warmed through, about 10 minutes, and serve., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small eggplants, unpeeled, cut into 12 12inch thick slices, 16 medium asparagus spears about 1 12 pounds, trimmed to 5inch lengths, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, Zest and juice of 1 large lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Eggplant and Asparagus Napoleons, picturelink: y2bjyLYMmIMAVfVtvyjP8kFCgtld9zG}, 38395: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Place rolled oats in a 15 x 10inch baking pan. Bake 15 minutes or until toasted. Cool.nCOMBINE peanut butter, chocolate chips, honey, butter and salt in medium saucepan.nHEAT over low heat, stirring occasionally, until peanut butter and chocolate are melted and mixture is well blended. Add toasted oats mix thoroughly.nDROP from teaspoon onto waxed paper. Chill until firm. Store, tightly covered, in refrigerator., ingredients: [3 cups quickcooking rolled oats, 1 14 cups Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup honey, 14 cup butter, 14 tsp. salt], title: JIFandreg No Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Drops, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 38396: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat, then salt the water. Add the pasta and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, it will be undercooked. Cool, drain well and add it to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, onion, red pepper, garlic, bay leaf, thyme, lemon zest, salt and pepper, to taste. Cook to tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the crabmeat to the vegetables and season liberally with seafood seasoning. Stir to combine, then remove from heat.nIn a medium sauce pot, over low heat, melt 3 tablespoons butter and whisk in the flour. Cook for 1 minute, then whisk in the milk and bring to a bubble. Season the sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg, to taste, and cook for a few minutes, until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Add the mustard and the cheese and stir in a figure 8 motion. Add the vegetables and crab, sauce to the bowl with the pasta and transfer the mixture to individual baking crocks or a large casserole dish. This can be made ahead to this point and refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo complete the dish, melt a couple of tablespoons butter in a small skillet, over low heat and add 3 tablespoons hot sauce. Warm through, then add the panko crumbs and toss to evenly coat the crumbs in sauce mixture. Cool the crumbs, then toss in the parsley and 12 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese. Top the mac n cheese with the spicy crumb mixture. Arrange individual crocks on a baking sheet or put the casserole on baking sheet to catch any drips. Bake until brown and heated through, about 10 minutes. If cooking from cold, the mac n cheese will take 40 to 45 minutes, but add the crumbs the last 10 minutes of baking., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound cavatappi or elbow pasta with lines on conchiglie small fat tubeshell shaped pasta with lines, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons butter, 3 ribs celery with leafy tops, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 small red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, About 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, several sprigs, About 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound fresh lump crabmeat, picked for shells and flaked, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 13 pound, about 1 rounded cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 13 pound, about 1 rounded cup shredded Gruyere or Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, A generous handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, a couple of handfuls], title: Crab Cake Mac N Cheese, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 38397: {instructions: Special equipment: 20 lollipop sticks Metal tablespoon measure Candy thermometernButter or spray nonstick vegetable cooking spray onto parchment lined cookie sheets. Arrange half of the lollipop sticks on each and set aside.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat add sugar, butter and corn syrup together until sugar has dissolved.nSlowly bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Insert a candy thermometer into syrup and continue cooking until temperature reaches 300 degrees F. Remove from heat. Stir in gelatin until smooth. Cooks Note: This sugar syrup is very hot and can cause a painful burnnUsing a metal tablespoon and working quickly, drop heaping spoonfuls of lollipop syrup on end of each lollipop stick. Cool completely. Wrap each sucker in plastic wrap and store in an air tight container., ingredients: [34 cup white sugar, 12 stick butter, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 3ounce box cherry gelatin dessert, Nonstick vegetable cooking spray], title: Cherry Lollipops, picturelink: TZoLBlgznrOLXaprITQolxTaQeuxKzq}, 38398: {instructions: Peel, core and slice apples 14inch thick. Place apple slices in a large saucepan. Add remaining ingredients and simmer until a sauce consistency, about 45 minutes. Use a potato masher, if necessary, to break up any lumps, but leave slightly chunky., ingredients: [3 pounds McIntosh or other apple of choice about 9 apples, 10 large frozen strawberries, 13 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup water, 18 teaspoon allspice], title: Applesauce with Strawberries, picturelink: f.ly5mhatKQ2c.kHmvJ9Mp49pHevO}, 38399: {instructions: Season fillets with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons clarified butter in each of 2 large saute pans.nDredge fillets in flour, shaking off any excess flour. Place fillets in saute pans and cook over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown and crispy. Remove fillets from pans and transfer on to a platter, sprinkle with parsley. Cover with foil.nRemove remaining butter from one of the skillets and add the fresh butter. Heat until the butter begins to brown. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice and capers. Pour sauce over fish and serve. Garnish with lemon slices., ingredients: [4 8 ounces sole fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 cup flour, 4 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 4 tablespoons fresh butter, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons drained brined capers, minced, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Sole Meuniere with Browned Butter Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}}