{38400: {instructions: Let beets cool until cool enough to handle, then peel and cut into chunks. Transfer beets to a blender or food processor along with 1 14 cups of stock and blend together. Add the remaining stock and blend. Add oil to a small saucepan and heat over medium heat. Add the rice to the oil and toast it for a couple minutes. Add half the beet puree to the rice, then slowly add the rest of the beet puree, stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until rice is tender and then fold in the butter. Keep warm in a hot water bath.nHeat the water, but do not boil it. Place mushrooms in a bowl add hot water directly to the bowl and let sit about 15 minutes. Squeeze mushrooms free of water, reserving 14 cup of the mushroom water, and transfer mushrooms to a different bowl and set aside. Mushrooms will be almost 5 ounces when soaked in water. In a small bowl, whisk the reserved mushroom water with the balsamic. Whisk in the olive oil. carefully pour the sherry into a small skillet over mediumhigh heat and flambu00e9. Immediately pour it into the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nWash the spinach well, dry it, and remove stems. Heat up a saute pan, then add oil. Add spinach and let wilt. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and keep warm in a hot water bath. Wring spinach dry before serving.nPeel carrot and juice it. Pour the juice into a small saucepan. Add honey and oil and reduce over medium heat until syrupy, about 20 minutes. Place in a plastic sauce bottle.nMarinate the salmon in the mushroom vinaigrette for about 30 minutes at room temperature. Remove salmon and pat dry with a paper towel. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and when hot, but not smoking, add salmon, skin side up, in pan. Sear for 3 to 5 minutes, flip, and continue cooking another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and keep warm until ready to serve.nPeel and put the beet through a suziewah turning slicer place in cold water. Peel and put the carrot through a suziewah place in cold water. Toss with remaining mushroom vinaigrette. Reserve microgreens for plating and set salad aside.nTo serve: Place a ring mold in the center of a dinner plate. Add the beet risotto until full. Remove the ring mold. Place the sauteed spinach on top of risotto. Place a salmon fillet on top of the spinach. Place the wild mushrooms on top of the salmon. Put the microgreens on the center of the fillet. Place several curls of beet and carrot on microgreens. Garnish the plate with dots of carrot sauce. Wipe the plate clean of debris and repeat process for remaining 3 plates. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium size beets, roasted, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 14 cup olive oil, 34 cup Arborio rice, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, cubed, 3 12 cups hot water, 12ounce dried shiitake and chanterelle mushrooms, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry wine, Salt and pepper, 1 cup spinach, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 medium carrot, 1 tablespoon honey, 12ounce olive oil, 4 6ounce centercut salmon fillets, 12 recipe Mushroom Vinaigrette, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium beet, 1 medium carrot, 12 recipe Reserved Mushroom Vinaigrette, 4 pinches microgreens], title: Seared Salmon with Beet Risotto, Sauteed Spinach, Wild Mushrooms and a Beet and Carrot MicroGreen Salad with Carrot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38401: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Mix together olive oil and sugar. Add vanilla and almond extract, if using, and eggs. Beat until well blended. In a separate bowl, mix together flour, salt, and baking powder. With the motor of an electric mixer running, slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the egg mixture. Fold in the cranberries and pistachios. The dough will be sticky. Wet hands and turn the dough out onto a work surface. Shape into 2 logs 2 by 12 by 1 12. Bake in the center of the oven for 35 minutes or until light brown. Remove from the oven, cool slightly, and cut the logs on the bias. Place the cookies on a baking sheet and bake in a 250 degree oven for 8 minutes on each side or until dry., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, optional, 2 eggs, 1 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup unsalted pistachios], title: Cranberry Pistachio Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 38402: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the butter in a large casserole dish or castiron skillet and place in the oven to melt, 5 to 7 minutes. If the peaches are not juicy and sweet, sprinkle them with some of the sugar and set aside.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Add the remaining sugar, the milk and vanilla extract whisk until evenly blended.nRemove the dish from the oven and add the melted butter to the batter. Then, immediately pour the batter all at once back into the dish. Add the peaches and any juices into the center of the batter. Gently shake the dish to evenly distribute the peaches.nReturn to the oven and bake until the top is golden brown and a cake tester poked into the batter comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Serve hot, warm or at room temperature with freshly whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 cups sliced peaches with juices, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of salt, 1 cup 2percent or whole milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving], title: OldFashioned Peach Cobbler, picturelink: fcPeNFeaFyqQnJvxZZXcsGuMX9PF4O}, 38403: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the vegetable oil in a 7quart Dutch oven and set over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, bell pepper, celery, salt and pepper to the pot. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions and celery are semitranslucent and the bell peppers are tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the pickled pork, bay leaves, thyme, hot sauce, cayenne pepper, water and beans to the pot and increase the heat to high. Cook, stirring frequently until the mixture comes to a boil, approximately 6 to 8 minutes. Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer, cover and cook for 1 12 hours, stirring every 30 minutes. Uncover, increase the heat slightly to maintain a steady simmer and continue to cook for another 30 to 40 minutes or until the beans are tender and the sauce is thickened to your liking. If you prefer an even creamier texture, mash some of the beans with a potato masher.nPrepare rice during the last 30 minutes of cooking the beans. Place the water into an electric kettle and bring to a boil. While the water is coming to a boil place the butter into a 3quart saucepan, set over medium heat. Once the butter begins to bubble, add the rice and stir to combine. Add the salt and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently. Carefully pour the water over the rice and stir to combine. Decrease the heat to the lowest setting, cover, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve the beans over the rice.nCombine all of the ingredients except the ice and the pork in a 2quart nonreactive saucepan, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and maintain a simmer for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the ice and stir. Place the pork into a 1gallon zip top bag and add the cooled pickling liquid. Remove as much air as possible seal the bag and place in the refrigerator for at least 3 days, turning the bag occasionally. Use within 2 weeks or remove from the pork from the brine and freeze.nYield: about 1 12 pounds, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 medium green bell peppers, chopped, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces pickled pork, cut into 1inch pieces, recipe follows, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 quarts water, 1 pound red kidney beans, rinsed and picked of debris, 3 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups longgrain rice, 12 to 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups water, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seed, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon celery seed, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 8 ounces ice, 1 12 pounds fresh boneless pork butt, cut into 2inch cubes], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: XtQYGrzsLxHMKoBA8.22.khCkNDzS2}, 38404: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the wings on a baking sheet and season both sides with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.nTo make the sauce, in a small saucepan, mix together the hoisin, pomegranate juice, brown sugar, garlic, horseradish, scallions, and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook, stirring, over mediumhigh heat. When the sauce starts to boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 20 minutes. Taste and season with salt.nIn a deep heavy pot, Dutch oven, or deep fryer, fill with oil to a depth of about 6 inches, and heat to 360 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the wings the oil temperature will settle at about 350 degrees u00bf try to maintain that temperature by adjusting the heat while you fry. Fry the wings until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nPut some of the sauce in a large mixing bowl and toss the wings in batches, adding more sauce as needed, until completely coated. Put the onions into another large bowl, add the sauced wings in batches and toss to thoroughly coat. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings, whole or separated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup Frenchfried onions I like Frenchs, crushed, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 12 cup pomegranate juice, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 garlic cloves, grated or minced, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 4 scallions white and green parts, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sticky Onion Crunch Wings, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 38405: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place brie in a baking dish. Drizzle with honey and sprinkle With toasted almonds. Bake for 10 minutes. Serve with thick slices of French bread., ingredients: [1 wedge of brie, about 12 ounces, 14 cup of honey, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, 1 large French baguette], title: Brie with Almonds and Honey, picturelink: null}, 38406: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the stalks from each fennel bulb and discard. Cut the bulbs in half lengthwise through the core. Remove most but not all of the core by cutting a Vshaped wedge, leaving the wedges intact. Cut each piece into 2, 3, or 4 wedges, depending on the size of the bulb. Arrange the wedges, cut side up, in a gratin dish just large enough to hold them snugly in a single layer. Pour the chicken stock and wine over the fennel, then sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of salt and 34 teaspoon of pepper. Dot with the diced butter. Cover the dish tightly with aluminum foil and bake for 35 to 45 minutes, until the fennel is tender. Remove from the oven and raise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nMeanwhile, make the topping. Combine the melted butter, panko, Parmesan, parsley, zest, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle evenly on top and return to the oven. Bake uncovered for 30 minutes, until the topping is browned. Serve hot or warm.nNote: The ingredient quantities were proportionally increased for this episode., ingredients: [3 medium fennel bulbs, 12 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 13 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup panko Japanese bread flakes, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest], title: Parmesan Fennel Gratin, picturelink: PRwstYCOvEaXrvQXzgL4mRAStmHC3ti}, 38407: {instructions: Heat oil in a large frying pan over low heat, then add onions and garlic. Cook until soft, turn up heat and add the fresh lamb meat. Stir until well browned. Drain off fat and add the tomato sauce.nMake flour sauce: In saucepan cook 14 cup butter, add flour, stir and cook for a minute, then add burgundy wine, lamb base, and water. Season with salt, pepper, and tarragon. Simmer gently for 15 minutes, and then add yellow corn and green peas and carrots.nMash the potatoes, and then add 14 pound butter and milk, season with salt and pepper. Put meat mixture in individual 8ounce dishes with approximately even portions and top with mashed potatoes. Spread Parmesan cheese on top of each dish and put in a preheated 350 degree oven and brown until a golden brown color. Serve with seasonal vegetables., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 onions finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves finely chopped, 2 pounds freshly ground lamb, One 24ounce can tomato sauce, 12 pound butter, 12 cup flour, 1 cup burgundy wine, 4 tablespoons lamb base, 2 cups water, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons tarragon, 2 cups yellow corn, cooked, 1 cup green peas, cooked, 1 cup carrots, diced, cooked, 4 pounds potatoes with skin, boiled, 12 gallon milk, 12 pound grated Parmesan cheese, Seasonal vegetables, for serving], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 38408: {instructions: Mix the flours and salt in a warm bowl. Blend the yeast to a cream with a little of the water, then mix in the ale, honey, and 2 12 cups of the remaining water. Stir the liquid into the flour mixture and mix to a firm dough, adding more water if it does not cohere. On a board or worktop, knead the dough for about 8 minutes. Shape into a ball. Oil the inside of the bowl, add the dough, and cover it loosely with oiled greaseproof paper. Leave in a warm place to double in bulk.nPunch down the dough and cut it in half. Shape 12 into 2 equal sized round loaves and the other half into rolls. Make a crosscut in the top of each loaf. Place on oiled baking sheets, well apart, cover loosely with oiled greaseproof paper and leave to proof in a warm place.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBake the rolls until golden, about 15 to 17 minutes and the loaves for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds and 14 ounces unbleached strong white flour, 2 ounces rice flour or corn flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 ounce fresh yeast, 3 34 cups warm water, 34 cup brown ale, 4 teaspoons warmed clear honey, Oil, for greasing], title: White Bread and Rolls, picturelink: mK1yroNg.iU0IOyioess0Nc4YuEcOqC}, 38409: {instructions: Tarte Tatin Peel the apples, cut in quarters, remove the cores cutting each quarter at the core so it has a flat side, and toss the quarters in a large bowl with the lemon juice and 12 cup of the sugar. Let rest for 12 hour.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a round, 10 castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cover with the remaining cup of sugar, sprinkled over the butter in an even layer. Add the apple quarters to the pan, arranging them in a decorative pattern, rounded side down. Top the apples with the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, cut into little bits.nCook the apples over medium heat for approximately 40 minutes, occasionally spooning the bubbling liquid over the apples. This part of the recipe takes almost constant surveillance. In a few minutes, you will begin to see brown caramel bubbling up in the part of the pan over direct heat. Immediately shift the pan so that other nonbrowned parts go over the direct heat. Over 40 minutes, you may have to shift the pan a dozen times or more to get things evenly browned. The apples are ready when the liquid in the pan has turned to a thick darktan ooze. The apples should still be slightly resilient. Do not allow the apples to get entirely soft, or the liquid to turn dark brown. This part of the tarte tatin can be prepared hours in advance, or you can proceed immediately with the recipe.nPreheat an oven to 375 degrees.nFlour a work surface and place the sheet of puff pastry on it. Roll out the pastry until it is slightly larger than the interior of the apple pan. Lay it over the apples, tucking any protruding edges under the apples in the pan. Place the apple pan in the oven and cook for approximately 30 minutes, or until the puff pastry has risen and cooked. The pastry should be dry and flaky inside. Remove from the oven, and let the tarte rest for a few minutes. Place a large, round platter over the tarte and flip it over, releasing the tarte from the pan. The browned apples will be on top, the pastry on the bottom. Serve hot, if desired. You can also serve this tarte warmmy preferenceabout one hour after cooking. You can also serve it room temperature, or cold. Serve with Vanilla Creme Fraiche, if desired.nVanilla Creme FraichenBlend ingredients together in a mixing bowl. Pour along tarte tatin., ingredients: [6 large apples, preferably Golden Delicious, juice of 1 lemon, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, approximately 14 oz. puff pastry, 8 ounces creme fraiche, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Tarte Tatin, picturelink: null}, 38410: {instructions: null, ingredients: [1 pound seedless green grapes, rinsed, dried and halved, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 40 vanilla wafers, 4 ounces toasted walnuts, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 16 ounces sour cream, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon coarse sea salt], title: Caramelized Grape Pie, picturelink: null}, 38411: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, lemon juice, honey, horseradish, onion powder, pepper and salt to taste in a medium bowl., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup white vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt], title: White BBQ Sauce Alabama Style, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 38412: {instructions: In a 3 to 4quart heavy saucepan cook yellow peppers, onion, and garlic in 1 tablespoon oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until peppers are soft, about 10 minutes. Stir in cream. In a blender puree mixture in batches use caution when blending hot liquids, transferring to a large bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to room temperature before proceeding. In a deep large heavy skillet cook mushrooms and peppers in remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until peppers are softened and most of liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes, and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nFill a 6 to 7quart kettle 34 full with salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in ziti and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. Reserve 1 cup pasta cooking water and drain ziti well in a colander. Rinse ziti and drain well. Into sauce stir ziti, mushroom mixture, scallion greens, 1 12 cups Parmesan, reserved cooking water, and salt and pepper to taste. Spoon mixture into a 3quart shallow baking dish and sprinkle with remaining 12 cup Parmesan. Bake ziti in middle of oven until hot and pasta begins to brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 large yellow bell peppers about 1 12 pounds, diced in 14inch dice, 1 large onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 12 pounds mushrooms, sliced thinly, 2 medium red bell peppers, cut into 14inch strips, 2 medium orange bell peppers, cut into 14inch strips, 1 pound ziti, 8 scallions green part only, thinly sliced, 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan about 6 ounces], title: Baked Ziti with Mushrooms, Peppers and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 38413: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, the vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Add the arugula, olives and roasted red peppers but dont toss yet you dont want the arugula to wilt. Set aside while you prepare the omelets.nWhisk the eggs, milk and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add about 1 teaspoon olive oil, then pour in 12 cup of the egg mixture and stir gently with a rubber spatula to distribute the egg in the bottom of the pan. Cook until the eggs are just set but the underside is not brown, about 4 minutes, then slide the omelet onto a plate. Repeat to make 3 more omelets, adding about 1 more teaspoon oil to the skillet between each.nToss the arugula salad, then pile on top of the omelets. Scatter the feta and prosciutto on top.nPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 cups baby arugula, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved, 12 cup torn roasted red peppers, 8 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, pulled apart into thin strips], title: OpenFaced Omelet With Arugula Salad, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 38414: {instructions: Place the butter and water in a mediumsized saucepan, and heat gently, stirring occasionally, until the butter melts, then bring the mixture to a rolling boil.nMeanwhile, sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Make a well in the middle of the flour, and add the egg. Pour the hot liquid into the flour and stir with a wooden spoon to mix.nSpread the mixture out on a large plate with the wooden spoon and cool, about 15 minutes. Then wrap in plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, or until firm. Use according to the recipe you are making.nThis is a simple pastry often used for meat pies. ., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, cubed, 4 ounces 12 cup water, 8 ounces allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 1 egg, beaten], title: Hot Water Crust Pastry, picturelink: null}, 38415: {instructions: Cut off 14inch from blossom end opposite stem end of each tomato and with a 14teaspoon measure carefully scoop out seeds. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and mince jalapeu00f1o.nIn a small saucepan sprinkle gelatin over vegetablejuice cocktail or tomato juice and let stand 1 minute to soften. Heat mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, until gelatin is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and stir in jalapeu00f1o and all remaining ingredients except tomatoes. Cool filling slightly.nUsing a small spoon and holding each tomato over saucepan, spoon filling into tomatoes, arranging tomatoes on a platter as filled. Chill tomatoes, covered, 4 hours, or until filling is set, up to 1 day. Garnish each tomato with a coriander leaf., ingredients: [1 pound small cherry tomatoes about 35, 1 fresh jalapeno chili, 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 13 cup vegetablejuice cocktail such as V8, or tomato juice, 3 tablespoons white tequila, 1 tablespoon minced white onion, 1 tablespoon minced fresh coriander leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon celery salt, 35 fresh coriander leaves, for garnish], title: Spicy TequilaSpiked Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 38416: {instructions: Whisk the yogurt and mustard in a bowl until smooth set aside.nPulse the bread in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a shallow dish and add the marjoram, and salt and pepper to taste. In another shallow dish, season the flour with the paprika and nutmeg. Beat the eggs in a third dish. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.nDredge each cutlet in the flour, shaking off the excess. Dip in the eggs and then in the breadcrumbs, pressing to coat both sides. Place on parchment paper until ready to fry.nHeat 18 inch of vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add 2 cutlets, gently swirling the skillet so the oil washes over them, and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate and season with salt. Repeat with the remaining chicken, adjusting the heat as needed. Serve the schnitzel with the mustard sauce and applesauce, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup plain lowfat Greek yogurt, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 5 slices white bread, torn, 34 teaspoon dried marjoram, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 large eggs, 4 chicken cutlets, about 18 inch thick about 1 12 pounds total, Vegetable oil, for frying, Applesauce, for serving optional], title: Chicken Schnitzel with Mustard Sauce, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 38417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil and 1 tablespoon of butter. When butter has melted, add the onion and carrots and cook until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze with the orange juice and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes, scraping the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor or a blender. Puree the mixture until smooth, then return to pot over medium heat. To mixture, add the frozen butternut squash puree and the chicken broth and stir to combine. Adjust the seasoning. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and let simmer for 10 minutes. Grate some fresh nutmeg and stir to combine.nLadle soup into bowls and garnish with chopped thyme and orange zest., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 carrots, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 cup pulpy orange juice, 2 boxes frozen butternut squash puree, 2 or 3 cups chicken broth, Grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, for garnish, 1 tablespoon orange zest, for garnish], title: Orange You Glad Its Thanksgiving Soup, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 38418: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine the ramekins with plastic wrap creating a shell and leaving long flaps to cover the ramekins later. In a food processer, pulse gingersnap cookies with melted butter until small crumbs form for the crust. Press half the cookie crumb mixture, dividing evenly, firmly into the bottom of each ramekin. Reserve the other half of the crumb mixture for the topping.nIn a large bowl, whisk heavy cream with sugar until soft peaks form. In a separate large bowl, add the espresso powder and condensed milk and blend until espresso powder is dissolved. Whisk in Irish cream then fold in whipped cream. Pour evenly into the ramekins. Top with remaining gingersnap crumbs and cover with the extra plastic wrap, pressing to compact mixture. Freeze until set, about 5 hours. To serve, remove plastic wrap from top and then gently turn ramekins over to release dessert onto a serving plate. Gently remove plastic wrap., ingredients: [20 gingersnap cookies, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup Irish cream recommended: Baileys Irish Cream, Special Equipment: 4 8ounce ramekins], title: Irish Cream Dream, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 38419: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9by13inch baking pan.nPrepare the cake mix according to package instructions.nIn a large bowl, combine the cake batter with the coconut and pecans. Stir until just mixed.nIn a small saucepan, combine the cherries, brandy and simple syrup. Place the mixture over mediumlow heat and simmer until the liquid is reduced to a thick syrup. Remove from the heat and let cool.nPour half the cake batter into the prepared baking pan. Top with the cherry mixture. Pour the remaining cake batter over top and smooth lightly. Bake the cake according to package instructions, about 35 minutes, adding a few minutes. The cake is ready when a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clear of batter. Let the cake cool a few minutes before slicing.nFor the garnish: In a small saucepan, heat the heavy cream and butter over mediumlow heat. When the cream is just up to a simmer, remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate. Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth.nSlice the cake and drizzle the melted chocolate over each slice. Garnish with a few whole cherries and some chopped chocolate., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting pan, 1 box German chocolate cake mix, Butter, for greasing pan, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 14 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup fresh or frozen and thawed whole cherries, pitted and minced, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup simple syrup equal parts water and sugar simmered, then cooled, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, 2 cups fresh or frozen and thawed whole cherries, pitted, Chopped chocolate], title: German Wedding Cake, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 38420: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a stovetop grill pan, griddle or skillet with cooking spray and preheat to mediumhigh. Season tuna steaks all over with salt and black pepper. Brush honey mustard all over both sides of tuna steaks. Press sesame seeds into both sides of tuna steaks. Grill 3 to 4 minutes per side, until medium longer for fully cooked, forktender fish., ingredients: [Cooking spray, Four 5ounce tuna steaks, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup honey mustard, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds or regular sesame seeds], title: Grilled Tuna Steaks with Black Sesame Seeds, picturelink: spO413eRmE3F3AM3YXXv5oF4ReiT1za}, 38421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat griddle or grill pan over high heat.nButterfly shrimp by slicing almost through lengthwise, but leave shell on shrimp, this will keep the shrimp tender while grilling over such high heat.nBrush shrimps with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill 2 minutes on each side, until shells are hot pink and shrimp is opaque.nPlace lemons on grill the last minute. The heat will release the juice from the lemons. To serve, squeeze grilled lemon wedges over shrimp., ingredients: [16 jumbo shrimp, deveined in shell, raw, Extravirgin olive oil, about 12 cup for brushing, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 lemons, halved], title: Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: 1vU2xeJFZK9HzOHE2Nus2UyHlae2YLu}, 38422: {instructions: To make the relish, combine all the ingredients in a bowl and set aside, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 2 hours.nTo make the marinade, remove stems of the dried California and arbol chiles and shake out and discard seeds. Place chiles in a small saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and let sit 20 minutes to soften. Drain and discard the water.nIn a small frying pan over moderate heat, toast the cumin seeds for 2 to 3 minutes or until aromas are released. Combine softened chiles, garlic, cumin seeds, jalapeno and red wine vinegar in a blender and puree at high speed 1 to 2 minutes, or until thick and smooth. Add olive oil and salt and blend again until well mixed.nPlace skirt steak in a large shallow glass or enamel dish and cover with marinade. Set aside at room temperature for 1 hour. To cook, preheat a grill or broiler. Grill steaks quickly for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until seared on the outside and pink inside. To serve, slice steaks against the grain on the diagonal and fan slices out on a platter. Serve the relish on the side., ingredients: [1 small white onion, peeled and minced, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and minced, 2 bunches cilantro leaves, leaves only chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 dried Pasilla chiles, 4 arbol chiles, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded and coarsely chopped, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 pounds trimmed skirt steak], title: Chile Vinegar Marinated Skirt Steak with Onion Cilantro Relish, picturelink: null}, 38423: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add 1 teaspoon salt. Add the potatoes and cook until almost forktender, about 5 minutes. Drain the potatoes and pat dry with paper towels.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion, chile pepper, bell pepper and corned beef and saute until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and paprika and season with salt and pepper. Cook 2 minutes, then remove the mixture from the pan and keep hot.nAdd the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and the potatoes to the same pan. Cook, turning occasionally, until crispy on all sides, about 12 minutes. Add the corned beef mixture and combine thoroughly, being careful to not break the potatoes.nServe the home fries topped with cheese, avocado, sour cream and scallions.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds redskinned potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup diced red onion, 12 cup diced Anaheim chile pepper, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 8 ounces corned beef, diced, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, Freshly ground pepper, Shredded cheddar cheese, sliced avocado, sour cream and sliced scallions, for topping], title: Corned Beef Homie Home Fries, picturelink: .b.ZFVoeISA1PAbwoPSEgOpLaW1qW}, 38424: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the cake: Heat a skillet full of water to a bare simmer. In the large bowl of an electric mixer, whip eggs on high speed for 5 minutes. To the eggs add sugar, salt and vanilla and combine. Set the bowl into the hot water bath to heat the mixture to between 110 and 120 degrees F. Stabilize the mixture by whipping on medium speed for 15 more minutes.nMeanwhile sift together the bread flour, the cocoa powder, and the pastry flour. Prepare the baking pans by greasing 2 6inch diameter round pans and dusting with flour.nGradually fold the sifted dry ingredients into the egg mixture by hand. Slowly pour in the oil while folding. Fill the pans approximately 23 full with the batter and place immediately in the oven. Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. The surface of the cake should spring back when touched. Cool 10 minutes in the pans, then remove to wire racks to let cool completely.nFor the syrup: Combine the sugar, water, cherry brandy, and cream of tartar in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat stirring only until the sugar is dissolved and the syrup is hot. Cover and simmer gently for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, uncover and let cool.nFor the cherry filling: Place cherries in a small saucepot and add brandy, stirring to coat cherries. Heat over medium low heat until most of liquid evaporates, then remove from heat and let cool.nFor the pastry cream: Reserve 2 tablespoons of the milk then combine the rest of the milk with half the sugar and bring to a gentle boil. In a small bowl whisk the 2 tablespoons of reserved milk into the cornstarch to create a slurry. Add the other half of the sugar and then the eggs to the slurry and whisk to completely combine. Temper the egg mixture with the boiling milk. This is done by spooning some of the milk into the egg mixture to equalize temperatures without cooking the eggs. Return all liquids to the pot and bring to a boil, whisking constantly. Cook for 1 minute. Remove the milk mixture from the heat and whisk in butter and vanilla extract. Pour into a large pan, put plastic wrap directly on the surface, and allow to cool.nSlice each of the cake rounds horizontally into 3 12inch thick layers using a long thin knife or taut wire. Place the layers onto baking sheets which have a rim and pour cherry syrup over the layers, allowing them to soak.nFor the cream topping: Whip the heavy cream and sugar with an electric mixer to a medium peak.nAssemble the cakes by spreading a layer of the pastry cream on the bottom layer, then placing brandied cherries on top. Place a second layer on top of cherries and repeat. Top with final layer of cake. Each cake will have 3 layers. Frost top layer of cake with whipped cream topping and garnish with cherries and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [5 eggs, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon bread flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon pastry flour, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon oil, 2 cups sugar, 1 13 cups water, 4 teaspoons cherry brandy, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 quart fresh cherries, pitted and halved, 1 cup cherry brandy, 1 13 cups milk, divided, 13 cup sugar, divided, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pint heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, Chocolate shavings for garnish], title: Black Forest Cake, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 38425: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the figs in a bowl and cover them with apple juice. Let soak for 15 minutes. Add the figs and a touch of apple juice to a saute pan over low heat. Add the brown sugar and cook until the liquid has reduced to a syrup.nPreheat the grill and the oven 400 degrees F.nMix the yeast, water and sugar together until the yeast dissolves into a smooth, beige color. Let stand for 5 minutes.nUsing a stand mixer, add the flours, salt, olive oil and vinegar. Mix until the dough has formed into a ball, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Put the dough in an oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough into 1 large pizza or smaller sizes to use as appetizers.nPut the dough on a preheated pizza stone, if baking in the oven or a mesh grilling tray, if using the grill. Cook until the dough is firm enough to add toppings.nSprinkle fontina, Gruyere and mozzarella over the pizza. Use only a small amount of blue cheese so you dont overwhelm the overall flavor. Scatter the glazed figs and long strips of prosciutto on top of the cheese. Put the pizza back in the oven or on the grill until the cheese has melted and the edges have reached your desired golden crisp color or crunchy texture. Remove the pizzas to a cutting board and slice., ingredients: [1 package fresh figs, cut in 12 or quartered or dried soaked overnight in the apple juice, Apple juice, to cover, 2 tablespoons brown sugar or honey, 5 to 6 ounces grated fontina, 5 to 6 ounces grated Gruyere, 6 ounces shredded mozzarella, 3 ounces crumbled blue cheese, Prosciutto, to taste, 1 packet dry yeast, 34 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Four Cheese Pizza with Fig and Prosciutto, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 38426: {instructions: Combine the sugar with 1 cup water in small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the sugar has dissolved, 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the cinnamon sticks and let cool to room temperature.nPut the cranberries in a bowl and add the simple syrup along with the cinnamon sticks. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. Strain, discarding the cranberries and cinnamon sticks.nCombine the wine, liqueur, and the apple, pear, orange and tangerine slices in a container with a tight fitting lid. Sweeten to taste with cranberrycinnamon syrup. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours before serving. Garnish with fruit slices and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 cup cranberries, fresh or frozen and thawed, 2 bottles fruity red wine, 12 cup orangeflavored liqueur, such as Cointreau, 1 Gala apple, cored and thinly sliced, a few slices reserved for garnish, 1 slightly underripe Bartlett pear, cored and thinly sliced, a few slices reserved for garnish, 1 small orange, halved and thinly sliced, a few slices reserved for garnish, 1 tangerine, halved and thinly sliced, a few slices reserved for garnish], title: Holiday Sangria, picturelink: ea5AxIMPGbTNz05gSoYomjBq94xg0Rm}, 38427: {instructions: Make the bruschetta: Grill the bread on an oiled rack set about 4 inches over glowing coals for 1 minute on each side. Make marinade: In a small bowl whisk together marinade ingredients. Put half of mushroom caps and half of marinade in each of 2 large sealable plastic bags, arranging mushroom caps in 1 layer, and seal bags, pressing out excess air. Marinate mushrooms at room temperature, turning bags over several times, at least 1 and up to 2 hours.nMake gorgonzola butter while mushrooms are marinating: On a plate with a fork mash gorgonzola and butter together until blended well.nPrepare grill. Remove mushrooms from marinade and grill 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until tender. Alternatively, mushrooms may be grilled in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat. Transfer mushrooms with tongs to a cutting board and slice thin.nMake red pepper vinaigrette: In a blender blend vinaigrette ingredients with salt and pepper, to taste until smooth and emulsified.nSpread 1 side of bread with gorgonzola butter. Arrange warm mushrooms on toasts and spoon vinaigrette over each bruschetta. Garnish with thyme., ingredients: [5 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 6 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, 12 cup olive oil, 1 12 pounds fresh portobello mushrooms, stems trimmed flush with caps, 2 ounces Gorgonzola about 14 cup, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 1 red bell pepper, roasted see Cooks Note, or 13 cup chopped drained bottled roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Garnish: fresh thyme leaves], title: Portobello Steak Bruschetta with Gorgonzola Butter and Red Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 38428: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar, thyme and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit for 20 minutes to infuse. Strain the syrup into a container and discard the thyme.nFor the whiskey sour: Combine the bourbon, Meyer lemon juice and 1 12 ounces thyme simple syrup in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well, then strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist and a thyme sprig. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 ounces bourbon, 1 ounce freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice, Lemon twist, for garnish, Thyme sprig, for garnish], title: Meyer Lemon and Thyme Whiskey Sour, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 38429: {instructions: Heat a grill to high. Toss the tomato halves with some canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until the tomatoes are charred and softened, turning once or twice, about 5 minutes total.nCombine the grilled tomatoes, vinegar and chipotles in a food processor and pulse a few times to combine. Add the garlic, onions, cilantro, oregano and some salt and pepper and pulse until slightly smooth.nPut the yogurt in a medium bowl and swirl in some of the salsa, being careful not to stir it in completely., ingredients: [3 plum tomatoes, halved, Canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chipotles in adobo, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small Spanish onion, roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 cup 2percent or nonfat Greek yogurt], title: Smoky TomatoGreek Yogurt Crema, picturelink: null}, 38430: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 medium wooden skewers, soaked in waternPlace lemon juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and reduce to 3 tablespoons. Place the butter in a medium bowl, add the lemon syrup and dill, then season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix well and scrape into a ramekin. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nWhisk together the zest, juice, oil, dill, and garlic, then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix the pasta, cheese, peppers, olives, and scallions together in a bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over and mix to combine. Add the oregano and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat grill to high. Toss the shrimp in some olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Thread 5 shrimp on a skewer, bending the shrimp so that the skewer passes through it twice. Grill, turning once for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the shrimp from the grill to a large platter and brush generously with LemonDill Butter. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [2 cups lemon juice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, Salt, Fresh dill, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound orzo pasta, cooked al dente, drained, 6 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 1 large yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 large red pepper, finely diced, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and quartered, 2 scallions, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 40 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Shrimp with LemonDill Butter and Orzo Salad, picturelink: null}, 38431: {instructions: Break chocolate into small pieces. In a food processor pulse together chocolate and butter until chocolate is finely chopped. In a small saucepan whisk together cream, espresso powder, and salt and bring just to a boil. Pour hot cream mixture over chocolate mixture and pulse until smooth. Transfer mixture to a bowl. Let mixture stand at cool room temperature until just firm enough to pipe, about 2 hours.nOil a large baking sheet and line with parchment paper.nTransfer chocolate mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip. Pipe mixture onto baking sheet to form 1by1inch cones. Chill, uncovered, until firm, at least 3 hours, and up to 1 day.nInto a small bowl, sift cocoa powder. Working with 1 smooch at a time, roll in cocoa powder to coat. Smooches keep in an airtight container at cool room temperature or chilled, 2 weeks, ingredients: [Pastry bag with 12inch plain tip, 9 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 14 teaspoon salt, Parchment paper, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Coffee Chocolate Smooches, picturelink: null}, 38432: {instructions: For the dip: Stir together the sour cream, yogurt and lemon zest in a bowl. Set aside in the fridge.nFor the streusel topping: Add the flour, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon and 1 cup of the walnuts to a microwavesafe bowl and stir until combined. Microwave, stopping every minute to stir, until the mixture darkens and starts to come together, about 4 minutes. Cool the streusel flat on a plate until slightly hardened, 5 to 8 minutes.nAdd half of the dip to a large bowl, then sprinkle on the chocolate chips followed by a layer of the streusel. Add the remaining dip and smooth the top. Add the remaining streusel and 1 cup walnuts., ingredients: [2 cups sour cream, 2 cups vanilla yogurt, Zest of 1 lemon, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 cups chopped walnuts, 12 cup chocolate chips or chunks], title: Jackpot Coffee Cake Dip, picturelink: BK92X4TTW8iuS2N0VV5KqLIu05WV9Ji}, 38433: {instructions: Add all ingredients to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a large, tall glass. Garnish with a dollop of whipped cream and desired amounts of cinnamon and chocolate., ingredients: [3 cups ice cubes, 1 cup strong coffee, cold, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla syrup, 2 shots coffee liqueur, Whipped cream, Cinnamon, Chocolate shavings], title: Coffee Frappe, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 38434: {instructions: Pour the apple cider into a large pot and set over mediumhigh heat. Dice up the apples and toss them into the cider. Peel the rind off the orange in large pieces and toss that in too. Add the cranberries, allspice berries and cinnamon sticks. Add the sugar and stir it around to dissolve. Bring the mixture to a low boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nAdd the brandy, then simmer for another 10 to 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 gallon apple cider, 3 Granny Smith apples, 1 orange, 12 cup fresh cranberries, 1 tablespoon allspice berries, 5 to 7 cinnamon sticks, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup apple brandy or regular brandy], title: Mulled Apple Cider, picturelink: vcydGkQz0M8PzQ6Zdk3USUiXB7yHoi}, 38435: {instructions: Beat cream with sugar and vanilla in a small deep bowl with an electric mixer until it just holds stiff peaks.nSpread 1 heaping teaspoon cream onto each of 4 wafers. Arrange enough raspberries side by side as close together as possible on 1 creamtopped wafer to form an even layer. Stack 2 creamtopped wafers on a plate cream sides up and top with berry wafer, then carefully spread another teaspoon cream over berries. Top with last cream wafer and cover cream with remaining plain wafer. Frost top and sides of cake with remaining cream. Cover with an inverted bowl and chill at least 4 hours.nServe cake with remaining berries and garnish with grated chocolate., ingredients: [13 cup chilled heavy cream, 12 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon vanilla, 5 chocolate wafers, Nabisco Famous recommended, 13 cup fresh raspberries, Grated bittersweet chocolate, as garnish], title: Chocolate Raspberry Icebox Cake, picturelink: null}, 38436: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk orange juice, lime juice, oil, basil, zests and salt and pepper. Peel the jicama and carrots. Julienne the vegetables in even lengths and 18inch thick. Add vegetables to juice and toss. Allow to sit for 4 hours. Toss and serve., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon minced basil, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon lime zest, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 jicama, 3 carrots], title: Jicama and Carrot Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 38437: {instructions: Preheat oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl add the cornmeal, flour, cayenne, garlic powder, dried parsley, salt and pepper. Whisk together to combine.nWorking in batches, toss the calamari into the dry mixture, shaking off the excess. Carefully add to the hot oil, in batches, until lightly golden, about 1 minute per batch. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray and immediately season with salt. Transfer to a platter, garnish with lemon wedges, and serve with the Spicy Dipping Sauce.nAdd all the ingredients to a serving bowl and whisk to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh or frozen and thawed small calamari, cleaned and cut into 12inch rings, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Sweet and Spicy Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup peach preserves, 12 cup sweet chili sauce, Dash hot sauce, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Neelys Fried Calamari, picturelink: null}, 38438: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 5 by 3inch loaf pan. In a bowl sift together the 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and cloves. Stir in the sugar. In a separate bowl toss the raisins and walnuts with the remaining 2 tablespoons flour. Add the butter, eggs, milk, lemon zest, raisins, walnuts and zucchini and mix until just combined. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until the bread pulls away from the sides of the pan and tester inserted in the middle comes out clean. Cool bread in pan on a rack for 15 minutes, remove from pan and allow to completely cool before cutting., ingredients: [1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon doubleacting baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 2 cups coarsely grated zucchini], title: Zucchini Raisin Nut Bread, picturelink: null}, 38439: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a blender, puree the garlic and the gingerroot with 13 cup water.nIn a heavy kettle heat 3 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the lamb, patted dry, in batches, transferring it as it is browned with tongs to a bowl.nTo the skillet add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil, heat it until it is hot but not smoking, and in it fry the cinnamon stick, the cloves, and the bay leaf, stirring, for 30 seconds, or until the cloves are puffed slightly. Add the onions and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden. Add the garlic puree and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes, or until the liquid is evaporated. Add the cumin, the coriander, and the cayenne and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and the yogurt, simmer the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute, and add the lamb, the salt, and enough water to come halfway up the meat. Bring the mixture to a boil and braise it, covered, until the lamb is tender, about 1 to 1 14 hours. Remove cinnamon stick, cloves, and bay leaf. The lamb mixture may be prepared up to this point 2 days in advance. Let the lamb cool, uncovered, and then chill it, covered. Reheat the lamb mixture.nIn a large saucepan bring 1inch water to a boil, add the spinach, and steam it, covered, for 2 minutes, or until it is wilted. Drain the spinach in a colander.nSpoon off any excess fat from the lamb mixture and season with lemon juice, salt, and pepper, to taste. Distribute the spinach over the stew and stir it in gently. Transfer the stew to a heated serving dish and sprinkle it with the pine nuts., ingredients: [1 1 12inch piece peeled fresh gingerroot, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, 7 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf, 3 onions, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup chopped drained canned tomatoes, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 pounds fresh spinach, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and drained, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted lightly, 8 garlic clove], title: Braised Lamb with Spinach, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 38440: {instructions: For the burgers: Mix the ground beef, onions, panko, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce and egg. Form into 4 patties. Pan fry or broil the patties to desired doneness. Remove any excess oil from the pan and set aside for the gravy.nFor the gravy: Combine the butter and excess burger oil and heat in a saucepan. Add the flour and whisk out any lumps to create a smooth roux. Slowly add the beef broth, stirring constantly until smooth. Add the Worcestershire and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until thickened and the flour taste is gone.nFor the plate: Serve the burger patties on a bed of hot steamed rice, with a fried egg over each and gravy drizzled on top., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 12 cup diced onion, 12 cup panko, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg, slightly beaten, Oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef broth, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Salt and ground black pepper, Hot cooked rice, 4 eggs, fried over easy], title: Loco Moco, picturelink: ERKTrtRd8XjLMTVAecUxVaxZoU9JFPC}, 38441: {instructions: Prepare a grill for medium heat.nCut the pineapple in half lengthwise from the very top to the bottom keeping the leaves on. Then cut each half lengthwise in half again, so you have 4 long pieces with leaves at one end.nAdd the jelly, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon and salt to a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring, until the mixture is fully combined and liquid.nBrush the pineapple with some of the mixture reserve the remaining mixture, transfer to the grill and grill 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a platter and, using a sharp knife, cut the bottom ends off each piece of pineapple. Then, carefully cut lengthwise from the bottom to the top of each piece along the skin separating the fruit from the skin, and then crosswise into 1inch pieces.nDrizzle the remaining apricot mixture over the pineapple. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 pineapple, 1 cup apricot jelly, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Grilled Pineapple, picturelink: rZBWMmhfKDFZVmZaMm5nV8BPDZxNai}, 38442: {instructions: Place meat in a bowl. Grate onion using a box or handheld grater directly over the meat bowl. Add sage, egg, bread crumbs, Worcestershire and mustard, salt and pepper then mix meat to combine. Score meat into 4 sections and form 4 oval shaped loaves, 1 to 12 inches thick.nPreheat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatloaves and cook 6 to 7 minutes on each side. Remove to a platter and cover with foil to keep warm.nWhile meatloaf cooks, add chicken stock and 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, to a deep pot. Trim away greens and stems from the base of cauliflower. Cut away the core with a sharp paring knife. Set cored head into pot with broth. Cover pot and bring liquid to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low and cook cauliflower, covered, until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Uncover the pot and mash the cauliflower. Let some liquid cook off as you smash the cheeses into the cauliflower. As the mixture thickens, turn off heat and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Stir in chives and transfer cauliflower to as serving dish.nOnce meatloaves are removed, place the skillet back over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and the mushrooms. Cover the skillet with foil and nest the foil into pan with a second smaller skillet, smothering the mushrooms. Cook until deep brown and tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the foil, add flour and cook a minute longer. Add in a shot of Scotch or sherry, if you have either on hand, then whisk in the beef stock. Stir in halfandhalf or cream and bring to a bubble. Season the mushroom gravy with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace the meatloaves on dinner plates and douse with hot, smothered mushroom gravy, spoon the cauliflower alongside., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds ground beef, pork and veal mix meatloaf mix or ground sirloin u2013 your choice, 1 small onion, peeled and halved, 4 sprigs fresh sage, finely chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 handfuls bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 large head cauliflower, 13 cup, about 3 ounces, Boursin or other garlic and herb soft cheese, A handful grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons chives, chopped or snipped, about 12 blades, 20 crimini or baby portobello mushrooms, 1 rounded tablespoon allpurpose flour, A shot Scotch or dry sherry, optional, 1 cup beef stock, 14 cup halfandhalf or cream, 1 turn of the pan], title: Meatloaf with Smothered Mushrooms and Cheesy Cauliflower, picturelink: null}, 38443: {instructions: For the Marinade: Bring ingredients to a boil in a medium saucepan and reduce to 2 cups and let cool.nFor the Chicken: Place chicken in a large baking dish. Brush 1 cup of the marinade over the chicken and inside the cavity. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to 8 hours. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the marinade and place the oranges, garlic and onions in the cavity and truss. Season well with salt and coarsely ground black pepper. Brush with more of the marinade. Place the chicken in a medium roasting pan and roast in the oven for 15 minutes. Turn the heat down to 375 degrees and continue roasting for 1 to 1 14 hours, basting with the marinade every 15 minutes. Remove the chicken to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Degrease the pan and place the roasting dish with the drippings on top of 2 burners over high heat. Add the wine and orange juice and reduce by half. Add the chicken stock and reduce by half. Swirl in the butter and add the chives. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Polenta: Heat oil and butter in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown. Add the wine and cook until completely reduced. Season with salt and pepper and fold in the thyme and parsley, set aside. Heat a small saute pan over high heat. Add the polenta and toast until lightly golden brown. Bring water to a boil in a large saucepan and add 1 tablespoon of salt. Slowly whisk in the toasted polenta, and reduce the heat to low. Switch to a wooden spoon and continue cooking until the mixture begins to pull away from the pan. Add the mushrooms, cheese and season with salt and pepper. If the mixture is too thick, add more water., ingredients: [6 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Pinch saffron, 1 chicken 4 to 5 pounds, Orange marinade, 1 orange, quartered, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 small onion, peeled and quartered, Salt and coarsely ground pepper, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup orange juice, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted cold butter, 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 shallots, finely diced, 34 pound assorted wild mushrooms shiitake, oyster, cremini chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup polenta, 4 cups water, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Roast Chicken Marinated in Saffron, Orange and Garlic with Toasted Wild Mushroom Polenta, picturelink: null}, 38444: {instructions: Add the butter and olive oil to a medium skillet cast iron works great. We use nonstick for convenience at the restaurant. When the pan is hot and the butter is melted, add the garlic and then add the rice. Stir the rice and garlic to coat with the oil and butter. Once completely coated, stirring for about a minute, add some of the stock until the rice is slightly covered. Continue to add the stock slowly as the stock is absorbed by the rice. Reduce to medium heat and stir occasionally to prevent sticking to skillet.nOnce the rice has cooked for 5 to 10 minutes, add the saffron. Continue to add the stock slowly, covering the rice with stock, allowing it to absorb into the rice while cooking and then recovering the rice with stock. This process will be repeated until the rice is cooked to desired tenderness. As the saffron is slowly absorbed into the rice, the risotto will turn a brilliant yellow. If you use stringy style saffron it should all be broken down and absorbed by the time the risotto is finished. The powder version takes less time to absorb.nSlowly reduce the amount of chicken stock that is added as you reach the desired tenderness, about 45 minutes. Once this magical point is reached, stir in the cheese.nAdd the sausage to a medium pot of boiling water. Cook for 12 to 15 minutes depending on size and style of sausage. Dont pierce the sausage.nPlace the desired serving size of risotto on a plate or pasta bowl. Garnish by sprinkling a medium circle of cheese in the middle of the risotto and sprinkle a smaller circle of parsley on top for color. Peel the sausage, slice lengthwise in half and line the boarder of each side of the risotto with the sausage. Optionally, cut the sausage in 14inch pieces on the bias and add to the risotto before plating., ingredients: [14 cup butter, cut in cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups Arborio rice, 5 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed, 4 large pinches saffron, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 4 links mild Italian sausage, Fresh chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Risotto with Italian Sausage, picturelink: null}, 38445: {instructions: Heat a grill or grill pan on mediumhigh heat.nAdd the tomatoes, zucchini, red and yellow bell peppers and onions to a large rimmed baking sheet and drizzle liberally with the olive oil. Sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper, tossing to coat all the veggies in the oil. Place in a grill basket and grill until tender and lightly charred, about 5 minutes per side. If using an indoor grill pan, you will need to grill in two batches to avoid overcrowding the pan and steaming the veggies.nRemove the charred vegetables to a cutting board and rest until cool enough to handle. Chop into bitesize pieces. Add the chopped vegetables, arugula and basil to a large bowl. Drizzle with the balsamic and a small drizzle of olive oil, season with some salt and pepper and toss it all together., ingredients: [One 10.5ounce container grape tomatoes, 2 small zucchini, sliced longwise into 12inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, ribs removed, sliced into quarters, 1 yellow bell pepper, ribs removed, sliced into quarters, 12 medium red onion, sliced, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 handfuls arugula, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Chopped Grilled Summer Salad, picturelink: null}, 38446: {instructions: Braciola: With meat cleaver or any heavy kitchen utensil, pound the meat slices between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Rub each piece of meat with the garlic clove. Sprinkle each slice of meat with and equal amount of cheese and parsley. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nRoll the meat up tightly like a cigar, and tie with butchers twine to keep meat rolled while cooking. Heat oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add the meat rolls and fry for about 6 minutes or until evenly browned. Reserve meat for gravy.nMeatballs: Combine beef, veal, and pork in a large bowl. Add eggs, cheese, parsley, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Using your hands, blend ingredients. Add bread crumbs to mixture. Slowly add water, 1 cup at a time, until mixture is moist.nShape meat mixture into balls, approximately 2 12 to 3inch balls.nIn a large skillet, heat oil. The oil should be very hot, but not smoking. Place the meatballs in pan, and fry in batches. When the bottom half of meatball is browned and slightly crispy, turn over and cook top half. Remove from pan and drain on paper towel.nSunday Gravy: In a large saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and toss to coat with oil. Cook meat a few pieces at a time, about 5 minutes, until nicely browned on all sides. Remove meat from pan and set aside. When garlic cloves have browned, remove and discard them.nCombine tomato paste and water and stir into oil. Stirring constantly, cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and juice, raise heat, and bring to a boil. Using a tomato can, measure 2 cans of cold water, add to pan, and return to a boil.nReturn beef and pork to the sauce, and add salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil and allow to boil for 5 minutes. Lower heat and partially cover pan. Cook for approximately 2 hours stirring occasionally until meat is almost falling apart and sauce is thick.nOne hour before sauce is ready, add the beef or pork braciola and sausage. Add the meatballs at the same time.nTo serve: Remove meat from sauce. Serve sauce over pasta, and the meats on a separate platter., ingredients: [1 pound beef bottom round, cut 14inch thick or 1 pound lean pork, cut 14inch thick pieces, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley, Salt and pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 1 pound ground lean beef, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 2 eggs, 1 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 1 12 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, 12 garlic clove, minced, optional, Salt and pepper, 2 cups bread crumbs, 2 cups lukewarm water, 1 cup olive oil, 1 pound piece lean beef, 1 pound piece lean pork, 1 pound hot or sweet Italian sausage, 12 cup olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup water, 3 35ounce cans San Marzano plum tomatoes, Salt and pepper, Beef or pork braciola, recipe above, Meatballs, recipe above], title: Sunday Gravy with Beef or Pork Braciola and Anna and Frankies Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 38447: {instructions: 1. In a saucepan, combine chicken breast with chicken stock, one quarter onion, a clove of garlic, and 2 teaspoons salt. Bring to a light boil, and then simmer for 20 minutes. Reserve broth, set chicken aside to cool, and discard onion and garlic. When cool enough to handle, shred chicken with your hands.n2. In a separate saucepan, place tomatillos and serrano chilies in a pot with water, enough to cover them. Bring to boil, and continue boiling until tomatillos turn a different shade of green from bright green to a dull color. Strain tomatillos and chilies, and place in saucepan with diced onion, minced garlic, and a pinch of salt. Pour in reserved chicken broth, so that liquid just covers the veggies by about an inch. With an immersion stick blender, blend all ingredients until they are completely pureed. Bring to a low boil.n3. Pour vegetable oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Slightly fry tortillas one by one in hot oil, setting each on a paper towel afterwards to soak some of the oil. Finally, dip slightly fried tortillas in lowboiling green salsa, until tortillas become soft again. Place on plates, 3 per person.n4. Fill or top tortillas with shredded chicken, then extra green sauce. Top with crumbled cheese, chopped onion, and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [2 bonein chicken breast halves, 2 cups chicken stock, 14 white onion, 1 clove garlic, 2 tsp. salt, 1 pound fresh tomatillos, husks removed, 3 serrano peppers, 14 white onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pinch salt, 12 white corn tortillas, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 12 white onion, chopped, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Enchiladas Verdes, picturelink: null}, 38448: {instructions: To prepare Picadillo: In a large skillet, saute the onion, garlic and bay leaves in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the beef, and continue to cook until the beef is no longer pink breaking up any lumps with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in oregano, cloves, and cinnamon. Pour out any excess fat and stir in the tomato paste until thoroughly incorporated. Add chipotles, raisins, almonds, and olives salt to taste. Remove from heat. When mixture is cool, add cheese and mix well.nChar the flesh of the peppers over a gas flame, under a broiler or on a grill. Alternatively, set a rack over an electric burner or use a very hot heavy frying pan. Cook, turning frequently, until the skins are blistered all over. Take care not to overcook and burn right through the pepper. Put peppers in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let sweat for about 10 minutes to loosen the skins. Rub off as much skin as possible and cut a slit along the side of each pepper, keeping the stems and tip intact. Carefully remove the seeds and inner membranes, but do not rinse with water.nHeat 1inch of oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat until very hot. Place flour in a shallow platter and season with salt and pepper. Beat egg whites until foamy, add a pinch of salt, and whip to stiff peaks. Lightly beat the egg yolks and fold into the whites. Stuff the chiles with picadillo, leaving enough room to close the opening. Overlap the seam slightly and gently squeeze closed. Secure with wooden toothpicks if desired. Pat the peppers dry and lightly coat in the seasoned flour. Pick the chile up by its stem and dip into the egg batter, making sure they are well covered, tap off excess. Fry until evenly browned, about 3 minutes each side. The egg burns easily so take care not to cook too long. Drain on paper towels. To serve, ladle a pool of Tomato Ranchero sauce on plates and set chiles rellenos on top, serve immediately.nCombine and puree the tomatoes, onion, cilantro, cumin, and garlic in a food processor.nHeat the oil in a saucepan or skillet and fry the tomato puree over high flame. Add broth, and salt. Simmer for 10 minutes until the sauce thickens slightly and is heated through. If sauce tastes somewhat bitter, add a pinch of sugar. Sprinkle with a dash of hot red pepper sauce. Sauce may be served hot or cold.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [12 onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh Mexican oregano leaves, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 to 1 cup tomato paste, 2 chipotles in adobo sauce, 3 to 6 tablespoons golden raisins, 3 tablespoons slivered almonds, toasted, 12 cup pimento stuffed green olives, sliced, 12 to 1 cup crumbled queso blanco, 8 large poblanos, Vegetable oil, for frying, Flour, for dredging, 4 eggs, separated, Tomato Ranchero Sauce, recipe follows, 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 onion, roughly chopped, 12 cup cilantro, roughly chopped, Pinch cumin seeds, toasted, 1 garlic clove, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup chicken broth, Salt, Sugar, Dash hot red pepper sauce], title: Chiles Rellenos with Picadillo, picturelink: null}, 38449: {instructions: Saute in a large pot, in truffle oil, the garlic, mushrooms, onion, carrot, squash, and bay leaves until soft. Add chicken stock, cooked white beans and simmer for 15 minutes. Garnish with a piece of toast, some tomatoes, and some mozzarella., ingredients: [3 teaspoons truffle oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 pound portobello mushrooms, chopped, 12 pound mushrooms, chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 12 pound calabaza, chopped, 3 bay leaves, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 pound cooked white beans, Toast, as a garnish, Chopped tomatoes, as a garnish, Shredded mozzarella, as garnish], title: Toscano Soup, picturelink: null}, 38450: {instructions: Run a glass mug under cold water and immediately chill in the freezer until it forms a frost.nScoop 2 large scoops of ice cream into the chilled mug. Top with cold root beer. Put a straw and a spoon in the mug and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large scoops vanilla ice cream, 1 bottle very cold root beer], title: Root Beer Float, picturelink: null}, 38451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken stock, hoisin, fish sauce, cinnamon sticks and star anise in a medium pot, bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer for at least 10 minutes. Transfer to a thermos to keep hot.nPack the noodles, chicken and sliced shiitakes at the bottom of a serving container, followed by the jalapenos, sprouts, lime wedges and mint.nWhen the lunch bell rings, pour the hot soup over the ingredients in the serving container, let stand a few minutes and enjoy, ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 12 teaspoon fish sauce, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 whole star anise, 1 serving uncooked noodles of choice, such as ramen, glass or egg noodles, Shredded rotisserie chicken meat, for topping, Sliced shiitake mushrooms, for topping, Jalapenos slices, for topping, Bean sprouts, for topping,, Lime wedges, for topping, Fresh mint leaves, for topping], title: Pho to Go, picturelink: cNyfAVodxxs14FEBfnNT1pVtix5snJC}, 38452: {instructions: For the cinnamon syrup: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and stir until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the cinnamon sticks and continue to simmer until the flavors are infused, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool, then strain and discard the cinnamon sticks. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nFor the mojito: Add the mint, lime wedges and 1 ounce cinnamon syrup to a cocktail shaker and muddle. Fill with the ice, and add the rum and orange juice and shake briefly. Pour directly into a highball glass. Top off with the sparkling wine and stir briefly. Garnish with a mint sprig and blood orange slice., ingredients: [1 cup raw sugar, such as Sugar in the Raw, 3 cinnamon sticks, 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves, plus 1 sprig for garnish, 3 lime wedges, 2 cups ice, 1 12 ounces white rum, 1 ounce blood orange juice about 12 blood orange, plus one slice for garnish, About 2 ounces chilled sparkling wine, such as Prosecco or Cava], title: Blood OrangeCinnamon Mojito, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 38453: {instructions: Skewer the bananas with popsicle sticks. Whisk the egg and then whisk in the milk. Dip each banana in the egg then toss in the bread crumbs to coat. Repeat the process to create a second coating. Heat oil to 365 degrees and drop in the bananas, moving them around to brown evenly on all sides. Place on paper towels to drain.nDipping Sauce: Scald milk in a medium saucepan and transfer to a bowl containing chopped chocolate, gently stirring until chocolate is completely melted. Add vanilla and whisk in peanut butter until smooth.nDust the banana fritters with confectioners sugar. Drizzle chocolate peanut butter sauce over bananas or use as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 bananas halved or 8 ninobaby bananas, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 2 cups bread crumbs recommended: Japanese Panko, Vegetable oil, for frying, Confectioners sugar for dusting, Chocolate peanut butter dipping sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup milk, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons peanut butter], title: Banana Fritters on a Stick, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 38454: {instructions: 1. For dressing, place together the oil, vinegar, orange juice, Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend, mustard and honey in jar with tightfitting lid.n2. Cover and shake to mix well set aside.n3. Combine stock with chicken and celery in medium bowl.n4. Pour dressing over chicken mixture toss to mix well.n5. Cover and chill for 3 to 4 hours or overnight.n6. Add orange segments and almonds toss gently before serving.nChefs hint: Add a small handful of your favorite salad greens to enhance this flavorful preparation., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. cider vinegar, 11 oz. can mandarin orange segments drained, 13 cup toasted sliced almonds, 14 cup orange juice, 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend, 1 Tbsp. honey, 1 Tbsp. Dijonstyle mustard, 3 cups cooked cubed skinless chicken, 1 12 cups thinly sliced celery, 3 Tbsp. canola oil, 14 cup low sodium chicken stock], title: Mandarin Chicken Salad, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 38455: {instructions: Prepare a smoker for hot smoking by soaking and then igniting 3 large hardwood chunks, and regulating the temperature so that it will remain between 170 degrees and 250 degrees. Smoke the fish for 1 to 1 14 hours, or until the flesh is flaky and cooked through. Shred the flesh and refrigerate until ready to serve.nIn a blender, combine the vinegar, garlic, salt, pepper, sugar, avocado, and olive oil and blend for 1 minute, until completely smooth and emulsified. Transfer to a glass bowl, stir in the green onions, and taste for seasoning. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.nWhen ready to serve, drain the onion slices, pat them dry, and separate them into rings. In a large mixing bowl, toss the spinach, lettuce, and tomatoes, together gently. Pour on enough dressing to coat, and toss again just to mix. Place a mound of the salad on each of 6 plates and scatter about 2 ounces of the shredded swordfish over the salad. Drape a few onion rings over the top and serve., ingredients: [34 pound swordfish, in one piece, 13 cup cider vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 avocado, peeled, 23 cup olive oil, 3 green onions, white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 1 small white onion, sliced paper thin and, if desired, soaked in ice water for 2 hours, 3 cups spinach leaves, well washed, 1 head butter lettuce, outer leaves discarded and inner leaves torn into bitesized pieces, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Smoked Swordfish Salad Mazatlan, picturelink: null}, 38456: {instructions: Shell the peas if using fresh peas, if using frozen defrost fully before cooking. Bring the water to a rapid boil. Stir in the salt and add the peas. Boil the peas for 1 minute or until they are cooked. Drain the peas when done and add peas to a wide skillet over high heat. Toss in pan until fully dry. Add butter and salt and pepper to taste. Add any optional additions if you choose, and combine., ingredients: [1 quart water, for boiling, 1 pound peas, 1 tablespoon salt for boiling peas, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Optional additions: pearl onions and lettuce, freshly chopped tarragon, chives, mint, parsley, soaked and chopped dried wild mushrooms or chopped prosciutto.], title: Basic Buttered Peas, picturelink: null}, 38457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 13 by9inch baking pan.nPut 2 cups milk, the eggs, peanut butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt into a blender and blend until smooth, taking care that the peanut butter is thoroughly emulsified into the mixture. Pour into a large bowl, then whisk in the remaining 2 cups milk. Stir in the bread and set aside to soak for about 10 minutes. Pour this mixture into the prepared baking pan. Place spoonfuls of your favorite jelly, jam, or preserves around the bread mixture, pushing them in a bit with your spoon. Bake for about 45 minutes, or until the pudding is browned, puffed, and a little firm. Let cool. Cut into squares to serve., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup of your favorite jelly, jam, or preserves, 8 cups coarsely chopped bread crust, from 1 20ounce loaf white bread or the same amount of dayold bread, Unsalted butter, for greasing pan], title: PB and J Bread Crust Pudding, picturelink: cFleKWFrvkZTQt8Exg8fCle7p9uCwW}, 38458: {instructions: Put the greens in a medium salad bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the oil and vinegar. Drizzle the dressing over the greens and sprinkle dried basil on top. Season with salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [1  5 oz bag mixed greens 5 cups lightly packed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Pinch dried basil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salad Presto, picturelink: x0kjcfHitKAlno1xnBy1vEf63MnaFka}, 38459: {}, 38460: {instructions: After you are finished making the various sundae components, scoop ice cream into a very large oval dish or platter. Place a scoop of the pineapple and strawberry sauces on top of the ice cream with a dollop of the cocoa whipped cream. Drizzle on the butterscotch and chocolate syrups then stick 2 banana bonbons into the bowl.nTrim the pineapple and slice into long quarters. Cut the flesh from the skin and slice each quarter in 3, lengthwise. Chop into little pieces, taking care to catch the juice. Combine the pineapple juice and rum and whisk in the cornstarch, creating a slurry. In a saucepan, melt the butter and brown sugar to bubbling. Add the pineapple and bring to a boil. Add the slurry and cook until bubbling and the cornstarch cannot be tasted.nSlice the strawberries, and macerate half of them in the sugar and Grand Marnier until juicy. Before serving, stir in the remaining strawberries.nUsing whisk or electric beater, beat cream until almost thickened. Add cocoa powder and confectioners sugar and continue beating until the ingredients are blended in and the whipped cream is firm.nCombine the water, sugar, and butter in a large saucepan and cook over high heat until light amber, about 5 minutes. Stand back as far as possible and slowly drizzle the cream into the pan. It will bubble up and may splatter, so protect your hands with an oven mitt or towel. Add the rum and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, occasionally swirling the sauce around the pan, until thickened and a rich golden brown. Strain the sauce and stir in the sweetened condensed milk. Store in a sealed container. This sauce will keep for 2 weeks in the refrigerator or 3 months in the freezer.nFinely chop the chocolate and put in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan, heat the coffee and corn syrup to a simmer. Pour the mixture over the chocolate and gently stir with a whisk until smooth and blended. Store in a sealed container. This syrup will keep for 4 weeks in the refrigerator or 6 months in the freezer.nMelt chocolate in a completely dry bowl or in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water. Pierce each of the banana chunks with 2 toothpicks. Dunk first into the chocolate to coat, then into the peanuts or coconut. Set on waxed paperlined cookie sheet and freeze for 2 hours or overnight. For maximum flavor, let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 quart chocolate ice cream, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 1 quart strawberry ice cream, Pineapple upsidedown sauce, recipe follows, Strawberry sauce, recipe follows, Cocoa whipped cream, recipe follows, Butterscotch sauce, recipe follows, Rich chocolate syrup, recipe follows, Chocolatedipped frozen banana bonbons, recipe follows, 1 pineapple, 1 cup pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 2 pints strawberries, washed and trimmed, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup 12 stick unsweetened butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon dark rum recommended: Jamaican, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 cup strong brewed coffee, 1 cup light corn syrup, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 6 bananas, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, Long toothpicks, 1 cup chopped peanuts or toasted coconut], title: Gotham Sundae, picturelink: null}, 38461: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut beef against the grain into thin pieces. Lay flat on table and spread with mustard. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place 3 or 4 pieces of carrots, pickles, onions and bacon on each slice of beef. Roll up the rolladen and, if needed, secure with a toothpick.nSprinkle the top of rolladen with curry, nutmeg, and paprika. Place into a baking pan and cook for 30 minutes. After browning in the oven, cover rolladen with warm water and add bouillon cubes and gravy master. Cover with a lid and finish in the oven for 1 hour.nThen, place in refrigerator until the next day so it can marinate. The next day, take the au jus and place in a stockpot and bring to a boil. Melt butter in a saucepan and add flour to make a roux. Cook over low heat until mixture begins to bubble, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Whisk roux into broth and bring to a boil to thicken.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 3pound beef top round, Spicy ground mustard, Salt and black pepper, 1 cup julienned carrots, 1 cup julienned pickles, 1 medium onion, julienned, 1 cup julienned bacon, 1 teaspoon curry, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 beef bouillon cubes, 14 cup gravy master, 14 cup butter, 14 cup flour], title: Rinder Rolladen, picturelink: null}, 38462: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook about 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste, thyme and nutmeg, and continue cooking until the vegetables have softened and started to brown, about 2 minutes. Deglaze with the wine, pulling up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Season with salt and pepper.nCarefully transfer to the slow cooker. Stir in the cream and tomatoes. Mix the pork and sirloin together in a separate bowl, using your hands, until combined. Stir the meat into the slow cooker, spreading out evenly and avoiding any large clumps. Cover and cook on high for 4 to 6 hours or on low 8 to 10 hours. Skim the accumulated grease from the surface before serving. Serve over pasta with crusty bread for soaking up the sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup dry red wine, 23 cup heavy cream, Two 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground sirloin, Pasta, for serving], title: Slow Cooker Bolognese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38463: {instructions: Combine the lime juice, onions and salt in a small nonreactive bowl, tossing occasionally. Let sit at room temperature until the onions are pink, about 15 minutes.nHeat the oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 3 minutes.nPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Brush one side of 2 tortillas with oil and lay dryside up on a work surface. Scatter each with 13 cup cheese, then the pickled onions. Sandwich with the remaining tortillas and brush the tops with oil.nPlace 1 quesadilla in the waffle iron, close gently dont push down and cook until golden brown and the cheese is melted, 4 to 6 minutes. Repeat with the remaining quesadilla. Cut the quesadillas into wedges and top with the chorizo. Serve with salsa, sour cream and avocado.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, plus more brushing tortillas, 2 ounces fresh chorizo, removed from casings, Four 6 to 8inch flour tortillas, 23 cup shredded Cheddar, Salsa, sour cream and chopped avocado, for serving, Special equipment: waffle iron], title: Waffled ChorizoCheese Quesadilla, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 38464: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. with the rack in the middle of the oven. In a food processor, pulse crackers until crumbly. Slowly drizzle in butter while pulsing until crumbs are moist but still crumbly. Press mixture into a springform pan using the bottom of a measuring cup. Make sure the crust goes at least 1inch up the sides. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl whisk together egg yolks, milk, lime and orange juices and zests. Pour into crust and bake until pie sets, about 30 to 35 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nPreheat broiler. In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Slowly add sugar until meringue turns glossy. Increase the speed and continue whisking until meringue holds medium soft peaks. Top pie decoratively with meringue. Broil in the middle of the oven until meringue begins to brown on the top, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [18 cinnamon graham crackers, broken up, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 4 eggs, separated, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 14 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 orange, zested, 1 lime, zested, 14 cup sugar, Special equipment: 8inch springform pan, food processor, stand mixer], title: Orange Lime Pie with Meringue Topping, picturelink: 5I8Vcb37M5FSVu32uoq7BQaP.nU2MD6}, 38465: {instructions: Make the ice cream: Heat the heavy cream, milk, honey, 14 cup granulated sugar, the lavender and a pinch of salt in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until hot but not boiling, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the egg yolks in a medium bowl slowly drizzle in 1 cup of the hot cream mixture, whisking constantly. Gradually stir the hot egg mixture into the saucepan with the remaining cream mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the custard is slightly thickened and coats the back of the spoon, about 8 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl discard the lavender. Fill a large bowl halfway with ice water. Carefully place the bowl of custard in the ice water and let sit, stirring the custard occasionally and adding more ice to the water as needed, until the custard is cold, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously coat a 9inch pie plate with cooking spray. Pulse the graham crackers, the remaining 1 heaping tablespoon granulated sugar and 14 teaspoon salt in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the melted butter. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and up the side of the prepared pie plate. Bake until lightly browned and set, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack let cool completely.nFreeze the custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions, until its the consistency of softserve. Spread in the cooled crust and sprinkle coarse sugar around the edge. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 13 cup lavender honey, 14 cup plus 1 heaping tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons dried lavender, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, 4 large egg yolks, Nonstick cooking spray, 9 honey graham crackers 1 sleeve, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Purple coarse sugar, for topping optional], title: Lavender Ice Cream Pie, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 38466: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the rum, lemongrass syrup, and lime juice. Cover and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime on the rim or the lemongrass spear in the drink. Serve.nPlace the lemongrass, water, and sugar into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to a week.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 12 ounces coconut rum, 1 12 ounces Fresh Lemongrass Syrup, recipe follows, 1 ounce freshly squeezed lime juice about 1 juicy lime, Very thin slice lime or spear of fresh lemongrass, for garnish, 2 stalks fresh lemongrass, coarsely chopped, 2 cups water, 1 cup sugar], title: Thai Coco Cocktail, picturelink: wy9S4whT5qQUnlURYB9WxDlhShEtO0q}, 38467: {instructions: Combine the sugar with 1 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and allow the sugar to dissolve, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely.nCombine the lemon juice, sugar syrup, and 4 cups cold water in a large pitcher. Refrigerate until well chilled, at least 1 hour. Serve over crushed ice and garnish with mint leaves and sliced lemons., ingredients: [1 cup superfine sugar, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice, from 10 to 12 lemons, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish, Sliced lemons, for garnish, Optional flavorings: basil, scraped vanilla beans, freshly grated ginger see Cooks Note], title: Fresh Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 38468: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs, then drain. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, until they begin to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the chicken, flour, paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until the chicken browns, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a gentle simmer cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the sour cream and season with salt and pepper. Continue simmering gently until the chicken is cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Divide the noodles among plates. Top with the chicken mixture, parsley, some sour cream and paprika.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 ounces white or cremini mushrooms, sliced about 2 cups, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, plus more for topping, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup fatfree lowsodium chicken or mushroom broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup sour cream, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Chicken Stroganoff, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 38469: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the spicy ketchup sauce: Add the ketchup, vinegar and hot chili sauce to a bowl and stir. Reserve 12 cup for the meatloaf.nFor the meatloaf: In a large bowl, whisk together the Worcestershire sauce, egg, salt, pepper, paprika, garlic, thyme, onions, scallions and reserved spicy ketchup sauce. Crumble half the chuck into the bowl, followed by some bread, then half the turkey pile on some more bread cubes. Repeat with the other half of meat and remaining bread. So a half pound of crumbled chuck, some bread, then a half pound of ground turkey, some bread and repeat until done. Adding this way will make mixing easier and lighter for a juicier loaf. Gently mix with 1 hand, bringing the egg mixture from the bottom to the top and around until everything is gently combined. Place into a 9 by 5inch loaf pan, flatten the top and pour the remaining spicy ketchup sauce over the top evenly. Bake in the oven for 60 minutes. Remove and allow to rest for 10 minutes.nTilt the loaf pan slowly to 1 corner and discard any excess fat or juices from the pan while holding the loaf inside. Dont worry, the meatloaf will still be juicy Slice into 1inch thick portions. Serve warm and if theres anything left, refrigerate it and enjoy a meatloaf sandwich for leftovers the next day., ingredients: [1 12 cups ketchup, 1 12 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sriracha hot chili sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 4 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 12 cup chopped Vidalia onion, 1 scallion, minced, 1 pound ground chuck, divided, 1 pound ground dark meat turkey, divided, 2 slices potato bread, lightly toasted and cut into 14inch cubes, divided, Special equipment: 9 by 5inch loaf pan], title: Meatloaf Is the Way to My Heart As Long As It Has Kick and Potatoes Are Around, picturelink: muGnQMT5ajkxCmgPTvqAvZc0wVZ5kRC}, 38470: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a heavy castiron skillet preferably 12 inch into the oven to preheat. Chill a large mixing bowl, pastry cutter, the flour and 1 stick of the butter in the freezer 15 minutes before assembling the biscuits.nAdd the flour to the chilled mixing bowl. Working quickly, cut 1 stick of the butter into the flour using the chilled pastry cutter or your fingers the goal here is peasize balls of butter. In batches, add in the buttermilk until the dough is cohesive yet still moist. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and lightly press into a 1inchthick round. Using a 2 12inch biscuit cutter or the business end of a dry measuring cup, cut out 10 biscuits. Use the extra dough to cook up a big piece of shortcake for dessert....strawberry shortcakenCarefully remove the skillet from the oven and add the oil. Place the dough rounds into the hot skillet, right up against each other, and brush with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 1 stick good butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted, 2 to 3 cups cold buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: D7mJ0oEEXd2Eb5OhpZul8VFTO26cjDG}, 38471: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic, epazote and bay leaf. Stir 1 minute. Add quinoa and stir just until coated. Add stock. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until quinoa is tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Discard epazote and bay leaf.nTransfer pilaf to large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley or cilantro., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 large sprigs fresh epazote, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed, drained well, 4 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock, Chopped fresh parsley or cilantro], title: Quinoa Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 38472: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine salt, pepper, thyme, orange zest, and olive oil. Add red wine and mix well. Place in plastic bag with monkfish, seal and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the butter in a nonstick pan. Add the garlic and saute in butter until lightly golden. Add mushrooms and cook until the water has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper and cool.nWith an apple corer, make a hole lengthwise through the potato saving the core. Fill the potato with enough mushroom filling to pack the inside of the potato. Cut the ends of the cores off and use as caps to seal off the ends of the potato. Rub olive oil, salt and pepper on the potatoes. Wrap in foil and bake for 45 minutes.nPrepare sauce by reducing red wine, balsamic vinegar, shallots, and bay leaf until lightly thickened. Add the veal stock and bring to a simmer. Strain, whisk in cold butter and season with salt and pepper.nRemove fish from the marinade. Pat dry and season with salt. In a large skillet, heat 4 tablespoons olive oil until very hot over high heat. Add fish and brown on all sides. Finish cooking in the oven until fish is cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutesnSaute spinach with olive oil in a large pan until wilted and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the spinach in piles in the center of 2 large plates. Place the fish around the spinach at the12 and 6 oclock positions. Cut potatoes on the bias trimming the ends to lay flat and place at 9 and 3 oclock positions. Pour the wine sauce over the fish and serve., ingredients: [Four 3ounce pieces monkfish, with bone, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons for browning fish, 1 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 8 ounces wild mushrooms, chopped, 2 medium Yukon gold potatoes, about 3 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 2 cups red wine, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup reduced veal stock, 1 tablespoon cold butter, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch spinach, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: PanRoasted Monkfish with Wild Mushroom Stuffed Yukon Gold Potatoes, Sauteed Spinach and Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38473: {instructions: COMBINE flour and salt in large bowl. Beat shortening, sugar and vanilla in separate large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until blended. Beat in egg yolks and orange juice. Gradually stir in flour mixture to form a soft dough. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces, shaping each into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap. Chill 4 hours or overnight.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll out dough, one piece at a time, to 14inch thickness on floured surface. Keep remaining dough chilled until ready to use. Cut out a total of 24 cookies, using the 2 largest cookie cutters 4 times each and the 8 remaining cookie cutters 2 times each. Bake on prepared baking sheets, 16 minutes for small cookies, 18 minutes for large cookies, or until edges begin to brown and centers are set. Group similar size cookies on same baking sheet for even baking. Carefully slide baked cookies on parchment paper onto work surface. Cookies may be fragile while warm. Cool completely.nSTIR powdered sugar and meringue powder in large bowl until combined. Add water. Beat with electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 5 to 7 minutes. If necessary, add additional powdered sugar or water to reach the desired spreading consistency. Keep frosting covered with damp cloth to prevent hardening. Reserve one of the smallest size cookies for later use. Spread icing over remaining cookies, immediately topping with decorator sprinkles.nPLACE one of the largest size cookies on decorative platter to begin assembly. Spoon about 1 tablespoon remaining icing onto center of cookie. Repeat to stack additional 22 cookies on top, by decreasing size, rotating each cookie slightly to stagger points of stars. To complete decoration, hold reserved small cookie by its edges and coat both side with frosting. Decorate as desired. Stand upright on top of tree, securing with a small dab of icing. Let stand until icing is firm., ingredients: [6 14 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 34 tsp. salt, 3 sticks Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, or 3 cups Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 5 large egg yolks, 12 cup orange juice, 1 10count set starshaped cookie cutters in graduated sizes 2 to 8 diameters, em, Royal Icing:, em, 4 cups powdered sugar, 3 tbsps. meringue powder, 12 cup warm water, Holiday decorator sprinkles], title: Holiday Cookie Tree Centerpiece, picturelink: 7nTPODgX4m4cP.zIMoolzF3BDBMq6.e}, 38474: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Toss 1 pound okra with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 34 teaspoon each salt and smoked paprika. Thread the okra across 2 skewers, leaving a bit of space between each piece. Grill until tender and charred, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Smoky Okra, picturelink: lbRQ.EH4BTrhVAE9.o6vtFa1deDjz6}, 38475: {instructions: Place the herbs in a food processor and pulse grind them into a fine chop. In a bowl combine the herbs, yogurt, cumin and grill seasoning. Add the meat and mix to combine.. Form into 4 large, very thin patties. Wash up and preheat a large nonstick skillet with a couple tablespoons extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook patties 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Heat a small second skillet over high heat and blister the pitas on each side. Cut tops off the bread and fill pita pockets with patties, lettuce and chutney., ingredients: [Handful cilantro leaves, Handful mint leaves, Handful basil leaves, 1 cup Greek style plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon cumin, a palm full, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon grill seasoning blend, 1 13 palm fulls recommended: McCormick Montreal Seasoning, 1 12 pounds ground chicken or ground lamb, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 pita pockets, 1 cup mango chutney, 8 leaves tender lettuce, Spiced exotic chips recommended: Taro root chips], title: Chicken or Lamb Patty Pockets, picturelink: epaqENBHVqvhqW7Msq6uToY9p6Sz7kq}, 38476: {instructions: With an electric mixer on high, whip the heavy cream in a bowl just until frothy and add in the 13 cup sugar substitute and vanilla and continue to whip just a little more to blend do not whip all the way to soft peaks yet. Put half of the partially whipped mixture into another bowl and finish whipping it on high speed until stiff peaks form. Be careful not to overwhip, or the cream will break. Set aside the vanilla cream.nTo the first bowl with the other half of the partially whipped cream mixture, add in the cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons more sugar substitute and finish whipping on high until stiff peaks form, again being careful not to overwhip. This is the chocolate cream.nIn each of 4 parfait glasses, layer a couple spoonfuls of chocolate cream, followed by some fresh strawberry slices, and top it with a couple spoonfuls of fresh vanilla cream. Chill completely before serving. Garnish with a strawberry fan and sprig of fresh mint., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sugar substitute, plus 2 tablespoons recommended: Splenda, 1 teaspoon no sugar added vanilla extract, 12 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 pint fresh strawberries, sliced sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar substitute if not sweet, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Low Carb Neapolitan Parfaits, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 38477: {instructions: To make the patties: Combine the beef, oregano, salt, garlic powder, and pepper to taste in a medium bowl and mix well. Shape into patties a little more than 12inch thick, place on a plate, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nTo make the sauce: Stir together the sour cream, chipotles, adobo sauce, onions, cilantro, salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Set aside.nTo make the burgers: Oil a grill rack and preheat the grill on high for 5 minutes. Spread the bun faces lightly with the butter. Grill the burgers over direct heat on mediumhigh on a charcoal grill, set the burgers just outside the center of the grill rack, with the grill covered, for 4 minutes. Flip the burgers, top each with a slice of Cheddar, and grill, covered, 4 minutes more. Remove the burgers to a plate.nGrill the buns, butteredside down, over indirect heat, until golden, about 2 minutes. Set a burger on each bun bottom and top with avocado, tomato, lettuce, red onion and a dab of chipotle sauce. Top with the remaining bun halves and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 8020, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sour cream, 3 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, finely chopped, plus 3 tablespoons adobo sauce, 13 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 wholewheat buns, split, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 slices Cheddar, 1 avocado, thinly sliced, Tomato slices, for topping, Greenleaf lettuce leaves, for topping, Red onion slices, for topping], title: Chipotle Cheeseburgers, picturelink: FXwPYciNM6VhuJOf2q4d7BppTeDFu}, 38478: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the cinnamon stick and whole allspice into a spice grinder and grind.nPlace the almonds, walnuts, pistachios, sugar and freshly ground spices into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely chopped, but not pasty or powdery, approximately 15 quick pulses. Set aside.nCombine the water and rose water in a small spritz bottle and set aside.nTrim the sheets of phyllo to fit the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch metal pan. Brush the bottom and sides of the pan with butter lay down a sheet of phyllo and brush with butter. Repeat this step 9 more times for a total of 10 sheets of phyllo. Top with 13 of the nut mixture and spread thinly. Spritz thoroughly with the rose water. Layer 6 more sheets of phyllo with butter in between each of them, followed by another third of the nuts and spritz with rose water. Repeat with another 6 sheets of phyllo, butter, remaining nuts, and rose water. Top with 8 sheets of phyllo brushing with butter in between each sheet. Brush the top generously with butter. Place in the oven and bake for 30 minutes. Remove pan from the oven and cut into 28 squares. Return pan to the oven and continue to bake for another 30 minutes. Remove pan from the oven, place on a cooling rack, and cool for 2 hours before adding the syrup.nMake the syrup during the last 30 minutes of cooling. Combine the honey, water, sugar, cinnamon stick and orange peel in a 4quart saucepan and set over high heat. Stir occasionally until the sugar has dissolved. Once boiling, boil for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and discard the orange peel and cinnamon stick.nAfter the baklava has cooled for 2 hours, recut the entire pan following the same lines as before. Pour the hot syrup evenly over the top of the baklava, allowing it to run into the cuts and around the edges of the pan. Allow the pan to sit, uncovered until completely cool. Cover and store at room temperature for at least 8 hours and up to overnight before serving. Store, covered, at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 5inch piece cinnamon stick, broken into 2 to 3 pieces or 2 teaspoons ground, 15 to 20 whole allspice berries, 6 ounces blanched almonds, 6 ounces raw or roasted walnuts, 6 ounces raw or roasted pistachio, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon rose water, 1 pound phyllo dough, thawed, 8 ounces clarified unsalted butter, melted, 1 14 cups honey, 1 14 cups water, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 2inch piece fresh orange peel], title: Baklava, picturelink: null}, 38479: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a bowl, toss the tomatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and pepper. Place the tomatoes, cut side down, on the prepared baking sheet and drizzle 1 tablespoon water over the tomatoes. Bake in the oven for 1 hour.nRemove from the oven. Carefully peel off the skins and discard. Flip the tomatoes over so theyre cut side up, and place back in the oven until the tomatoes are shriveled but not dry, another 30 to 60 minutes. Remove the tomatoes from the oven and allow to cool slightly.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan, saute the onion in the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over low heat until very soft, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the garlic and herbes de provence and cook until fragrant, another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the stock and remaining 12 cup water and bring to a simmer. Simmer 15 minutes. Cool slightly.nIn a blender, puree the tomatoes including any cooking liquid on the baking sheet and the stock mixture until very smooth. You may need to work in batches. Strain through a fine sieve if a very smooth texture is desired. Pour the soup back into the saucepan, season with salt and pepper, and heat gently. To serve, ladle into cups or bowls and top with either a swirl of olive oil or a little sour cream, if desired., ingredients: [8 Roma tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon water, divided, 12 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried herbes de provence, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, Sour cream or olive oil, for garnish, optional], title: Rich Roasted Tomato Soup, picturelink: yMt8QpKfjoc5jwS6WIrHKMpMzQ3.A.}, 38480: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the pancetta, thyme, rosemary and garlic. Pulse until the mixture is finely ground. Set aside.nMake sure the pork chops are at room temperature, then liberally season them with salt and pepper on both sides.nHeat the canola oil in a large ovensafe skillet or grill pan over high heat. When the oil is hot, sear the pork chops for about 2 minutes on each side.nStick the pan in the oven to finish cooking the pork, 5 to 6 minutes. Depending on your oven, of course, and the thickness of your chops, this should result in a medium to mediumwell chop, still slightly pink in the middle. If you prefer a more welldone chop, add a minute or 2 to the cooking time.nWhile the pork chops are in the oven, heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the pancetta and herb mixture. Turn the heat down to low and continue to cook the pancetta, stirring continuously to break up any large chunks, until all the fat is rendered and the pancetta is crispy, 8 to 10 minutes.nServe the pork chops topped with the crispy herbed pancetta and rendered fat. Serve while hot and bubbling, ingredients: [1 pound pancetta, cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 3 garlic cloves, 4 centercut pork chops, each about 2 12 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil], title: Pork on Pork Chops, picturelink: Dzs7pRJlhoM0NFMtcOGoxWy3rK3G2a}, 38481: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Rinse fish in cool water and dry. Tuck the slices of ginger into the cavity of the fish. Spread a layer of salt about 34inch thick on the surface of a large baking sheet or other ovenproof container. Wrap fish entirely in the nori, set it on top of the salt, and then use remaining salt to bury the fish completely. Bake 30 to 40 minutes, until fish reaches an internal temperature of about 130 degrees use an instantread thermometer, and poke it through the salt crust into the fish. Remove from oven and let rest 5 to 10 minutes fish will continue to cook. Meanwhile, mix together the soy sauce, lime juice, ginger, and about a tablespoon of the scallions. Carefully remove the fish from its salt bed, set it on a work surface, and remove nori wrap. Set fish on a serving platter, scatter the remaining scallions over the surface, and serve immediately with the sauce alongside., ingredients: [1 rockfish, about 3 pounds, cleaned, 3 slices fresh ginger, 2 to 3 sheets nori Japanese seaweed sheets, 4 pounds rock salt, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 bunch about 10 scallions trimmed and sliced thinly], title: Rockfish Baked in Salt, picturelink: null}, 38482: {instructions: Mix the dry ingredients and berries, then slowly mix in enough water to make a stiff dough. Roll it out unrugged or form it with your hands rugged and then either fry it in a bit of oil, bake it or you can even GRILL IT. Brush the grill with oil. Grill it over medium heat, lid down for about 5 minutes per side, tops.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup blueberries or whatever youd like  raisins, cranberries, dried fruits, Water, Oil, for frying or grilling], title: Bannock, picturelink: null}, 38483: {instructions: Drain oil from sundried tomatoes and reserve. Place drained tomatoes in food processor. Add zest and chopped orange pulp to tomatoes and process until thick and smooth, adding a little reserved tomato oil, if necessary. Season with salt and pepper. Place endive leaves on platter or in flat wicker basket. Place 12 tablespoon tomatoorange pate near bottom of each leaf. Cut orange segments in half lengthwise and place on top of pate., ingredients: [6 ounces sundried tomatoes in oil, 3 medium oranges, 1 zested and pulp chopped, 2 with pith removed and segmented, Salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 medium Belgian endives, washed, dried, and leaves separated], title: Endive with SunDried Tomato and Orange Pate, picturelink: null}, 38484: {instructions: For the meatballs: Add the chopped zucchini to salted boiling water for 4 minutes. Drain the excess water from the zucchini. Transfer the zucchini to a baking dish and allow to cool. Squeeze out the excess water from the boiled zucchini.nIn a mixing bowl, add the zucchini, scamorza cheese, Pecorino cheese, fresh mint leaves, eggs, and bread crumbs. Mix well until the ingredients are evenly distributed. With your hands, shape the meatballs into the size of golf balls. Coat the meatballs in the bread crumbs.nHeat olive oil in a deep frying pan. Gently place the meatballs into the hot oil and let fry until golden and crispy. Transfer to a plate lined with an absorbent paper towel to drain the excess oil. Serve with the tomato salad.nTo make the tomato salad: Add the cherry tomatoes, basil, and salt to a bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and mix together., ingredients: [3 large zucchini, chopped, 1 cup250 ml smoked scamorza, cubed, or as much as you need, 1 cup250 ml Pecorino cheese, cubed, Small bunch fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 2 eggs, 1 cup250 ml bread crumbs, plus extra for coating, 1 12 cups375 ml extravirgin olive oil, for frying, 20 cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 fresh basil leaves, torn, Salt, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil], title: Zucchini Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 38485: {instructions: Blend the fruit, sugar, honey and lemon juice with 2 cups ice in a food processor or blender until chunky. Add another 1 cup ice and blend until completely smooth.nPour the mixture into a shallow baking dish and freeze 30 minutes. Scrape the ice with a fork until slushy, then freeze until firm, about 2 more hours. Scoop into paper cups.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [3 cups halved strawberries or chopped pineapple, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Italian Ice, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 38486: {instructions: Special equipment: A 7inch springform pan or an 8 to 9inch pie platenMake Crust: Cook sugar in a dry small nonstick skillet over moderate heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally with a fork, until sugar is melted into a deep golden caramel, 2 to 3 minutes.nRemove pan from heat, then immediately stir in cereal and quickly transfer to springform pan, spreading evenly over bottom and smoothing top with back of a small spoon. If using pie plate, press crust up side of plate slightly.nSprinkle chopped chocolate evenly over warm crust to melt, then spread melted chocolate with back of spoon to cover crust. Cool until chocolate is hardened.nMake Filling: Dissolve instant coffee in 2 tablespoons milk in a small bowl, then stir in gelatin and let stand.nWhisk together cornstarch and remaining 1 cup milk in a 1 12 to 2quart heavy saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring constantly this will take about 15 minutes 1 percent milk curdles easily if heated too quickly. Continue to simmer, stirring, 2 minutes.nRemove from heat, then add gelatin mixture, chocolate, brown sugar, and rum, whisking until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer mixture to a metal bowl set in a larger bowl of ice and cold water. Cool filling, whisking constantly so gelatin doesnt set unevenly, just to room temperature, 3 to 5 minutes, then pour over crust in pan. Chill, covered, until set, about 3 hours.nMake topping: Beat cream with brown sugar using an electric mixer until it just holds stiff peaks. Dissolve instant coffee in rum and fold into cream.nSpread evenly over chilled custard, then run a thin sharp knife around edge of pie and remove side of pan. Garnish with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 cups puff rice cereal, partially crushed recommended: Rice Krispies, 12 ounce finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, finely chopped 1 12 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons instantcoffee granules or powder, 1 cup 1 percent milk, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, finely chopped, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons dark rum, 13 cup wellchilled heavy cream, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon instantcoffee granules or powder, 1 teaspoon dark rum, Garnish: bittersweet chocolate shavings about 12 ounce, shaved with a vegetable peeler from a bar of chocolate], title: Coffee Toffee Pie, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 38487: {instructions: In a large pan over medium heat add the bacon. Cook for 5 minutes until the bacon is beginning to crisp. Add the onions, garlic, 3 torn sage leaves, and the pumpkin. Saute until the onions caramelize, about 5 minutes. Pour the chicken stock into pan to deglaze and simmer until the pumpkin is completely soft, about 10 to 12 minutes. Once the pumpkin is tender, pour the gravy through fine mesh strainer, into a bowl. Press the solids with a spoon to extract all the liquid and pulp possible. Return the gravy to the pot and continue to simmer and reduce by half, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the remaining 3 whole fresh sage leaves. Stir in the butter and once combined pour the gravy into a serving bowl or pitcher., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bacon, cut into large dice, 1 medium onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 fresh sage leaves, divided, 2 cups diced fresh pumpkin, 1 quart lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes], title: Pumpkin Sage Gravy, picturelink: null}, 38488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the flour, walnuts, and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter and the egg yolk. Mix, either by hand or with an electric mixer, until crumbly.nPress 1 12 cups of the crumb mixture in an even layer into the bottom of a 9 12inch springform or tart pan. Arrange the plums in the pan, skin side down, to form a flower pattern begin at the outside and work your way in.nSprinkle the rest of the crumb mixture evenly over the plums. Bake the tart for 40 to 50 minutes, or until its lightly browned and the plum juices are bubbling. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and transfer the tart to a flat plate. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup finely chopped walnuts, 34 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, diced, 1 egg yolk, 2 pounds firm, ripe Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered lengthwise], title: Plum Tart, picturelink: 2SpQvbdRW1LqnxmFesd.ppbR3iic2K}, 38489: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nToast sesame seeds until golden in a hot dry nonstick skillet. Set aside to cool. Mix the ground turkey with the remaining ingredients in a medium size bowl, add 2 tablespoons sesame seeds. Form a small meatball sized patty and saute on stove top taste and adjust spices and herbs. Make a loaf out of the meatloaf mixture, season with salt and pepper. Prepare a roasting pan by spraying with cooking spray. Place the meatloaf in the roasting pan and roast in the oven for about 30 minutes, or until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from oven and allow the meatloaf to sit for 15 minutes to absorb all the juices and flavors.nWhile the meatloaf is sitting combine the ingredients including the remaining 2 tablespoons of toasted sesame seeds for the dipping sauce and whisk to combine all the flavors and to dissolve the honey.nSlice the meatloaf into 1inch slices and drizzle the dipping sauce over it., ingredients: [4 tablespoons sesame seeds, 3 pounds ground turkey, 1 cup chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons fresh grated ginger, 12 cup sesame oil, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Fine sea salt, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup chopped scallions, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup white vinegar, 14 cup sesame oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon chili powder], title: Turkey Meatloaf with Korean Flavors, picturelink: null}, 38490: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer, fitted with a paddle, cream the sugar and the butter until light and fluffy. Add the maple syrup and eggs. Mix to incorporate. Add the pumpkin and mix to incorporate. Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg and cloves. Add the dry ingredients to the batter and mix well. Drop rounded tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 10 minutes, or until lightly golden brown around the edges. Cool on racks. When cool, ice with the cream cheese frosting.nFor the Frosting: In a mixer, fitted with a paddle, add the cream cheese. Beat until light and fluffy. Beat in the powdered sugar until smooth. Add milk and vanilla. Beat until smooth. If frosting is too thick, thin with a little more milk. Fold in the lemon zest. When cookies are cool spread with some of the frosting. Garnish with a whole pecan., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons Maple syrup, 2 eggs, 1 cup canned pumpkin, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground all spice, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch ground cloves, 2 12 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of salt, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Zest of one lemon, Whole pecans], title: Pumpkin Cookies with Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: null}, 38491: {instructions: Combine 1 pint milk, 4 eggs, 2 egg yolks, the grated rind of 12 an orange, a pinch of salt and 14 cup of sugar, bake in a shallow pie dish or 4 individual ramekins in a bain marie roasting pan with 12inch hot water in a preheated 325 degree oven for 25 to 35 minutes or until just set knife should come out clean when inserted.nBoil water with 13 cup sugar and salt for 1 minute in a large saucepan. Add strawberries and bring back to a boil, then add the grapes. Boil again and finish with champagne and pour around unmolded custard., ingredients: [1 pint milk, 4 eggs, 2 egg yolks, Grated rind 12 an orange, Pinch salt, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 13 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 12 box strawberries, 1 small bunch grapes, 1 small bunch red grapes, 1 cup champagne], title: Orange Custard with Fresh Fruit and Champagne Soup, picturelink: null}, 38492: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all ingredients in a heavy saucepan and slowly bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Pour the mixture into a blender and puree until smooth. Pass the hot sauce through a mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth, if desired., ingredients: [12 cayenne chiles, stems removed, 2 garlic cloves, 12 yellow onion, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Fire Water, picturelink: BY93jFpGAPPo5kdmMF8CowR4ub5EFi}, 38493: {instructions: Core the tomatoes, cut into pieces, and place in a blender. Blend until pureed. Strain through a sieve into a bowl. You should have about 2 12 cups puree. If fresh tomatoes are not available use canned.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a nonreactive medium saucepan until hot. Add the garlic and saute briefly until light brown. Add the tomato puree and bring to a boil. Simmer gently about 5 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl. Discard the solids. Rinse out the saucepan, return the tomato juice to the pan, and bring to a boil. Simmer and strain twice more until the tomato juice is as thick as heavy cream, about 15 minutes total cooking time. Be sure to lower the heat as the mixture thickens to prevent scorching. You should have about 14 cup of very smooth tomato juice. Add 1 tablespoon lemon juice and taste for salt and pepper.nPour 1 tablespoon of the olive oil into a small, clean glass bottle with a stopper and swirl to coat the inside. Coat the glass bottle with olive oil and the funnel before straining tomatoes so they dont stick. Strain the tomato juice into the bottle. Let it cool to room temperature. Add olive oil  mixture should be half olive oil and half tomato. Do not shake or mixnBring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Blanche the corn and cook just until tender, about 3 minutes. Remove and set aside. Cook the beans in the same water just until tender, about 3 minutes. Drain. If using favas, peel them. When the corn is cool enough to handle, cut the kernels from the cobs. Toss together in a bowl.nIn a clean jar with a lid, shake together minced tarragon, 2 tablespoons of the bacon, and 25 percent of Champagne vinegar and 75 percent olive oil. Pour enough of the dressing onto the corn and beans to coat, toss well, and taste for seasoning. Adjust with salt, pepper, and more dressing as necessary. Set aside to marinate for about 15 minutes.nSeason the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Put presentation side of the fish nonskin side in pan first as it gets the best caramelization. Cook until brown on the first side, about 3 minutes. When you see it getting opague around the edges, give it another minute and flip sides. Cook another minute on other side. Remove from pan and place on cookie sheet for a bit while you enjoy your appetizer with company. Just before youre ready to serve it, put it in a preheated 450 degree F oven for about 30 seconds., ingredients: [5 large vineripened tomatoes or 1 12ounce can tomatoes, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 large ears corn, shucked, 2 cup shelled lima beans, fava beans, or other fresh shelling beans, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 4 slices bacon, 2 tablespoons cooked until very crisp, well drained, and minced, 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 4 halibut fillets, about 5 ounces each, or other firmfleshed, meaty fish such as swordfish], title: Halibut and Corn Salad with Broken Vinaigrette, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 38494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nAdd the potatoes to the hot oil and fry until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove from the fryer to a paper towel lined sheet tray to drain. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nWhile the potatoes are frying, mix together the mustard, mayonnaise, dill, and capers in a small bowl.nAdd the fried potatoes to a large serving bowl. Toss in the red onion and celery, then gently fold in the mayonnaise dressing. Season with more salt and pepper, if needed, and serve., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 pounds russet potatoes, cut into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 3 tablespoons capers, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely diced], title: Fried Potato Salad, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 38495: {instructions: Cook capellini according to package directions.nMeanwhile, heat oil and butter together in a large skillet. Add shallots and 34 cup roasted garlic cloves saute 3 minutes, until shallots are soft. Add beer and bring to a simmer. Add clams, cover and simmer until shells open, about 5 minutes. Using tongs, remove 12 clams and reserve for another meal. Drain capellini, reserving 12 cup pasta cooking water and add to clams in skillet, adding the reserved 12 cup pasta if necessary to loosen the sauce. Simmer 1 minute to heat through. Remove from heat and top with parsley and Parmesan. Serve with a mixed green salad and bottled dressing, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound capellini or angel hair pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup chopped shallots, 34 cup roasted garlic cloves, 1 12ounce beer, 36 small clams in shells, scrubbed, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Mixed green salad and bottled dressing, for serving, optional], title: Drunken Clams over Cappellini, picturelink: .IYXGY8JXoDxgBWZxtV9OmCq.dez6ne}, 38496: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine the Sour Mix, vodka, gin, tequila, rum and triple sec. Shake vigorously for 30 seconds and then strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with rose champagne, garnish with a lime or lemon slice and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Stir in the lemon and lime juice. Store, covered, in a glass or plastic container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 ounce Sour Mix, recipe follows, 34 ounce vodka, 34 ounce gin, 34 ounce tequila, 34 ounce rum, 34 ounce triple sec, Splash of rose champagne, Lime or lemon slices, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup lemon juice, 34 cup lime juice], title: GZ Long Island Iced Tea, picturelink: elmIAzTGUZ4wOoFl1mWBfWdoeytD05K}, 38497: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a glass 9inchby13inch baking dish with butter and line it with strips of parchment paper so the paper comes up over the edge of the dish. Grease the paper with more butter.nPlace a small pot of water on medium heat, and bring to a simmer. Place a heatproof bowl over the simmering water and add the butter and chocolate to gently melt together, stirring to combine. This can also be done in the microwave, heating at 15 second intervals.nTransfer the chocolate and butter mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add the brown and granulated sugars, eggs, vanilla and salt and whisk together. Add the flour and gently whisk to combine, then pour into the baking dish. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out somewhat clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Let the brownies cool completely.nCarefully spread the Minty Buttercream over the brownies, then refrigerate until firm. Once the buttercream has firmed up, use the parchment sleeves to carefully remove the brownies from the baking dish. Slice into bars.nCombine the cream cheese and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat until smooth. Add the creme de menthe and beat until combined. Add the confectioners sugar a quarter at a time and beat until the mixture is smooth and fluffy., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or chopped chocolate, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Minty Buttercream, recipe follows, 4 ounces 12 package cream cheese, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons green creme de menthe liqueur, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Gopher Bars, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 38498: {instructions: Make the GoTo Chocolate Chip Cookies, reducing the flour to 1 34 cups, and folding in 1 12 cups oldfashioned oats and 12 cup chopped pecans with the chocolate chips. Bake as directed., ingredients: [], title: Oatmeal Pecan Chocolate Chip, picturelink: null}, 38499: {instructions: Stir together the salt and lime zest in a small saucer. Rub the cut side of a lime half over the rim of 2 pint glasses. Dip the rims in the lime salt to coat.nFill the glasses twothirds full with ice. Squeeze the halved limes over the ice and drop the rinds into the glasses. Divide the tomato juice, chipotle peppers and lager between the glasses. Stir the mixture and serve immediately. Add footballcarved limes for garnish if using., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coarse salt, 1 lime, zested and cut in half, plus 2 footballcarved lime wedges, for garnish, optional, 12 cup lowsodium tomato juice, 1 teaspoon minced chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, One 12ounce bottle lager beer], title: Michelada, picturelink: iWVIn8fSB0adXZtwWwsZKa5dCMRmKxa}, 38500: {instructions: Prepare the teriyaki sauce by combining the soy sauce, grapefruit juice, hoisin sauce, ketchup, rice wine vinegar, brown sugar, chiles, garlic, and ginger in a pot. Bring to a slow boil and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the chicken wings generously with salt and pepper. Lay the chicken wings in a single layer on a sheet pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until the skin gets crispy. With tongs, dip the wings in the teriyaki sauce and return to the oven for 10 to 15 minutes to glaze. An impressive presentation is to serve these chicken wings family style arrange them on a large platter, pour the remaining sauce over them and sprinkle with sesame seeds and cilantro. Dont forget the wet naps, ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup grapefruit juice, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 fresh red chiles, halved, 5 garlic cloves, halved, 2inch piece fresh ginger, whacked open with the flat side of a knife, 2 dozen chicken wings, about 314 pounds, rinsed and patted dry, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, for garnish, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, for garnish], title: Teriyaki Chicken Wings With Sesame And Cilantro, picturelink: lKMgv.SswtKZegu0t7WpW6ZF0y9icZW}, 38501: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a sheet tray with nonstick spray.nIn a mediumsized bowl, whisk together the maple syrup, brown sugar, and apple cider. Add the ham and mix well. Put the ham mixture on a sheet tray and bake until warmed through and the ham develops color, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nAdd the pasta, gherkins and parsley to the bowl with the vinaigrette and stir to coat. Line a large serving bowl with Bibb lettuce and add the pasta. Arrange the red onions, Gouda, marinated green beans, and cooked ham in rows on top of the pasta. Serve.nBring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the green beans and cook until bright green and tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the green beans and shock them in an ice bath.nIn a mediumsized bowl, mix together the garlic, red pepper flakes, oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Drain the green beans from the ice water and toss them in the marinade until well coated. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix together mustard, vinegar, olive oil, shallot, thyme, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider, 1 pound ham steak, fully cooked, large dice, 12 pound bow tie pasta, cooked, 3 tablespoons minced sweet gherkins, Bibb lettuce, 12 cup sliced red onion, 1 cup small diced Gouda, Marinated Green Beans, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, cut in thirds, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Pinch salt, Pinch cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 shallot, small dice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Pinch salt, Pinch cracked black pepper], title: Christmas Cobb Salad, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 38502: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Arrange the baguette slices on a baking sheet and broil until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side.nCombine the pineapple, honey, mint, orange zest and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Spoon some cheese onto each crostini, then top with the pineapple mixture.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [12 12inchthick baguette slices, 34 cup diced pineapple, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, Kosher salt, 12 cup cottage or ricotta cheese], title: PineappleOrange Crostini, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 38503: {instructions: In the base of a cocktail shaker, mix together espresso and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Fill shaker with crushed ice, close, and shake until shaker is frosted and mixture is foamy, about 20 seconds.nStrain into a martini glass, top with a dollop of Coffee Whipped Cream, and serve.nPlace very clean glass or metal bowl and metal whisk in freezer just until cold, about 5 minutes.nWhen everything is cold, place cream in bowl and begin to whisk until it froths up and starts to thicken, about 1 minute. Whisk vigorously until soft peaks form the cream will hold a point when the whisk is lifted but will fall back into the bowl almost immediately, about 1 minute.nAdd the liqueur and whisk until stiff peaks just form the cream stays put on the whisk when it is lifted from the bowl, about 1 minute. Store covered in refrigerator until ready to use.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [Freshly brewed double shot espresso, 1 teaspoon sugar, Crushed Ice, Coffee Whipped Cream, for garnish, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua], title: Caffe Shakerato, picturelink: prDxh2jDIZmr1aXLCdOKsETVZoBa1O}, 38504: {instructions: In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, process the shrimp to a paste. Transfer to a large bowl add the water chestnuts, seasonings, egg white, and cornstarch. Stir vigorously until a stiff paste forms. Chill thoroughly.nWith a towel draped over the hand that holds a sharp knife, cut the noodles into 12inch lengths. The towel prevents the noodles from flying around. Spread evenly on a cookie sheet.nShape scant teaspoonfuls of the shrimp mixture into balls, then roll in the noodle pieces, pressing lightly to coat. Set on a cookie sheet.nHeat a wok or a deep skillet or saucepan until very hot. Add the oil and heat to 375 degrees. Deepfry the shrimp balls in batches, turning them constantly, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a handled strainer or a slotted spoon, drain briefly in a colander, then transfer to paper towels. Between batches, skim the oil with a fine strainer, and reheat until hot. Serve the shrimp balls warm with sauce and mustard. To reheat, warm on a cookie sheet in a 375 degree oven about 10 minutes., ingredients: [23 pound medium shrimp, peeled, scored down the back, deveined, rinsed, and patted dry, 12 cup water chestnuts, blanched in boiling water for 10 seconds, refreshed in cold water, drained, and patted dry, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 12 tablespoons minced scallions, 1 12 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or sake, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 pound thin rice stick noodles vermicelli, Safflower or corn oil for deepfrying, Plum or duck sauce and hot mustard for dipping], title: Crispy Shrimp Balls, picturelink: null}, 38505: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the potatoes: Place the potatoes, 2 tablespoons of the butter, garlic and 1 tablespoon salt in a large saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover the potatoes by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the garlic cloves. Drain the potatoes in a colander. Place the potatoes back into the saucepan. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and the halfandhalf. Using a hand masher, mash the potatoes until smooth. Stir in the zest, chives, parsley, thyme, the remaining1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Keep warm over low heat.nFor the shrimp: In a medium nonstick skillet, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Cook until the shrimp are cooked through, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp and set aside. When cool enough to handle, chop the shrimp into 12inch pieces. Stir the shrimp and any pan juices into the potatoes.nTransfer to a bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds mediumsize Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup halfandhalf, at room temperature, 2 small lemons, zested, 2 12 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 2 12 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 ounces medium shrimp about 30 per pound, peeled and deveined, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: uJtmN9zMmtZQ4b983T2vPhv7TbDMl9K}, 38506: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 7 minutes. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Add the celery, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the celery is tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and set aside.nWhisk the eggs, parsley and scallions in a large bowl. Add the cornbread and potato bread cubes, the pecans and the vegetable mixture stir to combine. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into cubes and dot over the stuffing. Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden brown, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Chris Court, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 6 slices thickcut bacon about 8 ounces, chopped, 4 onions, thinly sliced, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 8 cups 12inch stale cornbread cubes about 12 ounces, 8 cups 12inch stale potato bread cubes about 12 ounces, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: CornbreadBacon Stuffing, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 38507: {instructions: Combine the coffee and amaretto liqueur in a bowl or shallow baking dish and set aside.nBring a small saucepan with 2 inches of water to a boil over high heat. In a small heatproof bowl that will fit on top of the saucepan, or in a double boiler, combine the egg yolks and 12 cup of the whipping cream. Place over the hot water and whisk continuously until the mixture is 160 degrees F and coats the back of a spoon, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk for 3 to 4 minutes to cool. Set aside to cool completely, approximately 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, add the remaining whipping cream, prepared yolk mixture, and sugar and beat until soft peaks form, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the mascarpone and combine well.nPlace 1 layer of the ladyfingers in a 9 by 13inch pan most pans this size fit them in 6 rows of 3. Then, dip both sides of the ladyfingers quickly into the coffee mixture and place back into the pan. Spread half of the mascarpone mixture over the cookies, sprinkle with half of the cocoa powder. Repeat with another layer. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 6 to 12 hours.nShave the chocolate over the top for garnish and cut with a sharp thin knife into squares. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups strongly brewed coffee, 3 ounces amaretto liqueur recommended: DiSaranno, 3 egg yolks, 1 34 cup whipping cream, divided, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups mascarpone cheese, 36 to 42 Italianstyle hard ladyfinger biscuits, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, divided, 14 cup shaved bittersweet chocolate], title: Johnny Garlics Classic Tiramisu, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 38508: {instructions: Rub 4 halved red bell peppers with olive oil. Grill, turning, until tender, 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let steam 10 minutes peel off the skin. Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons each red wine vinegar, chopped scallions and parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped oregano and 12 teaspoon salt. Drizzle over the peppers.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Peppers, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 38509: {instructions: For the pretzel buns: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nForm the dough into 4 buns. Make the desired slits on top of the buns and set aside.nIn a large pot, combine the baking soda and 4 quarts water. Bring to a boil and then add the buns cook for 3 minutes. Remove the buns and set on a rack to dry. Brush with the egg whites and sprinkle with pretzel salt.nPlace the buns on a buttered baking sheet and bake for 12 minutes. Adjust the oven to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the buns are browned, another 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nFor the sloppy joes: In a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, peppers and garlic, and cook until slightly softened, 5 minutes. Scrape into a bowl and set aside.nPlace the same skillet over high heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the ground beef and cook until browned, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, about 6 minutes. Drain off the fat from the pan and add the chili powder, dry mustard and cayenne to the meat. Add the tomato paste, stirring to coat. Cook undisturbed for about 4 minutes to allow the tomato paste to caramelize.nAdd the onion mixture back to pan and then stir in the Worcestershire, maple syrup, red wine vinegar and root beer. Reduce heat to low and simmer until the liquid has reduced and the sauce thickened, 20 minutes. Serve hot on toasted pretzel buns. Makes enough for 9 sandwiches., ingredients: [1 pound white bread dough, 14 cup baking soda, 2 egg whites, Pretzel salt, for sprinkling, Butter, for greasing, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced onions, 1 cup diced red bell pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound ground beef, 3 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 14 cups sassafras root beer, Salt], title: Root Beer Sloppy Joes on Pretzel Buns, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 38510: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine all the dipping sauce ingredients in a bowl and let it sit while you make the pancakes. Remove the ginger and cilantro before serving.nFor the pancakes: Put the egg, water, sesame oil, and salt into a blender and blend well. Add the flour and blend until smooth, it should be the consistency of heavy cream. Stir in the cilantro, scallion, and sesame seeds. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat add 1 teaspoon peanut oil and spread it around the pan with a paper towel. Pour in half the batter, swirling and tipping the pan to get one thin layer over the bottom of the pan. Cook until set, about 2 minutes. Flip the pancake with a spatula and cook on the other side for about 1 minute. Place the scallion pancake on a platter and make another pancake with the remaining batter. Cut the pancakes into wedges or roll them up and cut them into pieces. Serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon hot chili paste, such as sriracha hot chili paste, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 big slice fresh ginger, smashed, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems, 1 large egg, 34 cup water, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup finely chopped scallion, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Scallion Pancakes, picturelink: CZSqJW2kweuS3Eec7j0qyQQ48h3nvaO}, 38511: {instructions: In a bowl combine the triple sec, the brandy, the Chambord, and the pineapple juice and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 4 hours or overnight. In a large punch bowl combine the triple sec mixture, the ginger ale, and the Champagne and add ice cubes., ingredients: [1 cup triple sec, 1 cup brandy, 12 cup Chambord, 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 quart chilled ginger ale, 2 chilled 750ml. bottles dry Champagne], title: Champagne Punch, picturelink: null}, 38512: {instructions: Char sweet frying pepper over open flame on stovetop or under hot broiler with oven door cracked to allow steam to escape. Once the skin is evenly charred and blackened allover, place the pepper in a bowl and cover with plastic until pepper is cool enough to handle. Wipe or scrape the char off the pepper removing the skins. Seed the pepper and thinly slice.nHeat 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium to mediumhigh heat. When the oil ripples, add the zucchini, chiles, frying peppers, onions, potatoes, garlic, salt, pepper, rosemary, thyme and saute the vegetables until tendercrisp, 12 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes and roasted peppers and allow the tomatoes to breakdown a few minutes. Stir in enough stock to desired consistency  as thin or thick as you like.nCool completely and store for makeahead meal.nReheat over moderate heat, stirring occasionally. Serve in shallow bowls with shredded or torn sweet basil and crusty, warm bread., ingredients: [1 large red frying pepper or red bell pepper, for roasting, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 1 14 pounds small zucchini, very thinly sliced into discs, 2 chile peppers, Fresno or other, tops removed, seeded and sliced into very thin rings, 2 mild green frying peppers cubanelle, thinly sliced into rings, 1 medium yellow or red onion, peeled and thinly sliced into rings, 5 to 6 baby Yukon gold potatoes, very thinly sliced into discs like potato chips, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary, A few sprigs thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped, 2 pounds peeled fresh heirloom tomatoes, chopped OR 1 28ounce can fireroasted crushed tomatoes, stewed tomatoes or chunkystyle crushed tomatoes, 2 to 3 cups chicken or vegetable stock, Fresh sweet basil leaves, shredded or torn, for garnish, Crusty bread or fresh baguette, for serving], title: Spicy Zucchini, Pepper and Potato Soup, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 38513: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl mix together the ground beef with all ingredients, except 2 tablespoons ketchup. Form ground beef into a loaf shape on a baking sheet. Brush top and sides with remaining ketchup. Bake for 1 hour. Transfer to a serving platter and serve.nFor Red Onion Compote:nIn a medium saucepan add 12 cup water, beer, brown sugar, and red onions. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir to combine. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer. Simmer, stirring occasionally for about 1 hour or until the mixture has thickened and has reduced to about 2 cups. Transfer to a bowl and set aside to cool completely.nFor Burgers:nIn a large bowl mix together the ground beef, beer and grill seasoning until well incorporated. Reserve half of the mixture for Round 2 Meatloaf recipe. Shape the remaining beef into 4 equal portions and flatten each portion. Place 2 tablespoons of cheese in the center of each and wrap the edges around the cheese to form a ball. Flatten each ball into patties. Place on platter and cover. Refrigerate if not cooking immediately.nSet up grill or indoor grill pan for direct cooking over mediumhigh heat. When ready to start grilling, oil the grate. Place patties on the hot oiled grill and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium. Serve over lettuce on toasted buns topped with red onion compote., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, reserved from Ale House Burgers with Red Onion Compote, recipe follows, 13 cup leftover red onion compote from AAle House Burgers with Red Onion Compote, recipe follows, 1 egg, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 cup ketchup, divided, 12 cup water, 1 14 cups beer, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 red onions, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds ground beef, 14 cup beer, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, Romaine lettuce, 4 hamburger rolls, toasted], title: Round 2 Recipes Ale and Onion Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 38514: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients and store in a covered container.nCombine all ingredients and store in a covered container., ingredients: [1 quart container cubed seedless watermelon, 4ounce log goat cheese, 12 sliced red onion, Tubjar pitted black olives, Few handfuls handtorn fresh basil, Drizzle olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 cups boccincini, 12 jar sundried tomatoes in oil, Few handfuls handtorn fresh basil, Salt and pepper], title: Deli Salads, picturelink: jFIgMofmaeYzsIL1zYh9AQj4caKcmi2}, 38515: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nPrepare corn muffin mix according to package directions, adding cheese, pimentos and cilantro when you add other ingredients. Arrange poblano pepper halves on prepared baking sheet and fill each pepper with an equal amount of corn muffin mix.nBake 18 to 20 minutes, until a wooden pick inserted in 1 muffin comes out clean.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and fennel and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until soft. Add chicken, peaches and rosemary and bring to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, until chicken is heated through and sauce thickens.nServe chicken with poblano corn muffins on the side., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 box corn muffin mix recommended: Jiffy, 12 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend, 1 7ounce jar chopped pimentos, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 6 poblano peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup sliced red onion, 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 4 roasted chicken breast halves, 1 14ounce can peaches, undrained, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves], title: Chicken Breasts with Glazed Peaches and Fennel and Corn Muffins in Poblano Cups, picturelink: .IYXGY8JXoDxgBWZxtV9OmCq.dez6ne}, 38516: {instructions: Wontons:nCombine the first 5 ingredients in large bowl and mix together thoroughly. Place 12 teaspoon of filling in the center of each wonton wrapper. Moisten the sides of wrapper with water and then fold diagonally in half to form a triangle. Moisten the edges of the triangle and bring both points of the triangle base towards the center to form a wonton shape. Set aside.nSoup:nIn a soup pot, saute the chicken strips and minced garlic in the vegetable oil. Add the chicken stock, soy sauce, sesame oil, and barbecue pork. Simmer for 15 minutes on medium heat. Add the dumplings and cook for another 10 minutes. Drain the bamboo shoots and water chestnuts add to soup pot. Add the frozen vegetables and simmer for another 10 minutes., ingredients: [Wontons:, 8 ounces ground chicken, 1 packet dried onion soup mix, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 24 wonton wrappers, 1 skinless chicken breast, sliced into 14inch strips, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 14ounce cans chicken stock, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 23 cup Chinese barbecued pork, thinly sliced, 1 4ounce jar sliced water chestnuts, 1 4ounce jar bamboo shoots, 12 12ounce bag frozen vegetable stirfry mix snap peas, carrots, and mushrooms], title: Wonton Soup, picturelink: null}, 38517: {instructions: Whisk the flour, cornstarch, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl.nBeat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until combined but still slightly lumpy use the paddle attachment for a stand mixer. The biggest lumps should be about the size of small peas do not overbeat. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in batches and beat until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips by hand. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the dough and refrigerate at least 2 hours or preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Drop 2 12inch scoops of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart. Bake until the cookies are barely golden around the edges, about 20 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through. Turn off the oven but keep the cookies inside for 5 more minutes to set. Remove the cookies from the oven and let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [3 34 cups cake flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 14 cups packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Cakey Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 38518: {instructions: Place the arugula, radicchio and endive in a medium bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Pour enough dressing on the salad to moisten. With a very sharp knife or a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan into large shards on top of the salad. Toss gently and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces baby arugula, 12 head radicchio, sliced thin crosswise, 1 endive, sliced thin crosswise, Lemon Vinaigrette:, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 23 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound chunk of Italian Parmesan cheese], title: Arugula, Radicchio and Parmesan Salad, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 38519: {instructions: Whisk the pomegranate juice and lavender in a chilled stainlesssteel bowl. Add the lime juice and rum, if desired. Freeze until icy around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Whisk, then continue to freeze, whisking every 20 to 25 minutes, until slushy, about 2 hours, 30 minutes cover and freeze overnight.nScrape the granita with a fork, then scoop into martini glasses. Garnish with lavender.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [3 cups pomegranate juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh lavender flowers, plus small flowers for garnish, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup spiced rum optional], title: Purple Pomegranate Granitas, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 38520: {instructions: Place ParmigianoReggiano, ricotta and egg in bowl section of food processor. Mix until smooth. Put 34 cup of flour into a separate bowl and fold in cheese mixture. Knead all together until fully incorporated, being sure not to overknead. If mixture becomes gummy, you have gone too far.nLiberally dust the table top and your hands using 12 cup flour. Divide the gnocchi mixture into 8 equal pieces. Using your hands, roll each piece into a cylinder 12 inch in diameter, dusting with additional flour as needed.nCut cylinders into 1 inch long pieces and place on a parchmentlined sheet pan that has been dusted with flour. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nFill a large bowl with ice and water. Use this as a bath to shock the gnocchi after cooking.nBring 1 gallon of salted water to a boil. Add half the gnocchi, cover pot, and boil until gnocchi rise to the top approximately 3 minutes. Remove immediately with a slotted spoon and place in the ice water bath. Repeat process with remaining gnocchi.nWhen gnocchi have cooled, remove from water and place in nonreactive pan. Coat with 2 tablespoons of olive oil and refrigerate.nTo serve, reheat gnocchi in a large pot of boiling water for 1 minute and serve with morel or your favorite sauce and garnish.nPlace butter and shallot in 1quart sauce pot over medium heat. Cook until translucent. Add morels and pinch of salt. Cook for 3 minutes stirring occasionally. Add white wine and reduce by two thirds. Add chicken stock reducing again by two thirds. Add heavy cream, turn down heat and simmer for 20 minutes or until sauce coats the back of a spoon. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup Morel Sauce, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 1 pound Sheeps Milk Ricotta, 1 egg, beaten, 34 cup all purpose flour, plus 12 cup for table top, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium shallot, minced, 2 cups loosely packed fresh morels, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Sheeps Milk Ricotta Gnocchi with Morel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38521: {instructions: Pour 13 cup water that is hot to the touch about 110 degrees F into the bowl of a stand mixer. Gently whisk in the yeast, 1 tablespoon of the flour and 1 tablespoon of the sugar. Cover with a towel and set aside until bubbly, 5 to 10 minutes depending on the temperature of the room.nMeanwhile, heat the milk in small saucepan over medium heat until bubbles start to form around the edges, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter, remaining sugar and salt. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes.nUsing the paddle attachment, stir the milk mixture into the yeast mixture. Stir in the 2 beaten eggs. Gradually mix in the remaining flour, fennel seed and almond extract, and beat until a soft dough forms. Increase the speed to mediumhigh, and beat until the dough pulls away from the sides and forms a ball, about 5 minutes the dough will be sticky.nRemove the dough from the bowl and place on a lightly floured surface. Knead, adding more flour as needed, until the dough is as smooth as a babys bottom, about 5 minutes.nPut in a lightly buttered bowl, cover and place in a warm spot to rise until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nPunch down the dough.nLightly flour a work surface. Place the dough on the surface and cut into three equal parts. Gently roll out each piece into a 16inchlong rope. Line a widelipped cookie sheet with parchment paper. Transfer the ropes to the prepared sheet. Press the ropes together at one end and braid loosely. Arrange the braid in a circle. Press the ends of the dough together. Gently stretch the circle to make it 10 inches across and the hole in the middle 3 12 inches across. Cover and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nRub the eggs with a little vegetable oil, and then buff with a paper towel. Gently press the eggs into the dough, evenly spaced. Cover and set aside until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush the bread with the remaining beaten egg. Bake until the loaf is dark golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped, about 45 minutes. Cool about 30 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup sugar, 1 13 cup milk, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing bowl, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, plus 1 egg lightly beaten for egg wash, 2 teaspoons ground fennel seed, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 3 hardcooked eggs, dyed red, Vegetable oil, for rubbing], title: Greek Easter Bread, picturelink: kzqGRlHAZPZVlyr3ZZbRGLcWuw.xoeG}, 38522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the carrots, stock and thyme in a pot. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nRemove from the heat and transfer the soup in two batches to a blender or you may use an immersion blender. Puree the soup completely, and then stir in the honey and cream. Taste, and then add salt and pepper as needed. Use a little warm broth if the soup needs thinning.nServe while warm with a few thyme leaves on top.nTo freeze: Allow the soup to cool, ladle into freezerproof quart or pint containers with lids and place in the freezer.nTo thaw and cook: Place the soup container in the refrigerator for 24 hours to slowly thaw, or place it in a bowl of cool water for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Heat the thawed soup in a sauce pan over mediumlow heat until warmed through, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds baby carrots or carrot chunks, 8 cups vegetable stock or chicken stock, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, plus leaves for garnish, 13 cup honey, 12 cup heavy cream, Dash of salt and pepper], title: CarrotThyme Soup with Cream, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}, 38523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the whipped cream: Whip the cream and cream cheese until soft peaks form. Fold in the marshmallow creme and vanilla.nFor the hot chocolate: Bring the milk to a simmer in a small pot. Add the chocolate and cocoa powder and cook, stirring, until smooth. Add the food coloring and vanilla and mix until combined. Whisk the mixture until very frothy. Pour into cups and top with large dollops of marshmallow whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup marshmallow creme, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups whole, 2percent or skim milk, 1 cup chopped bestquality semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons bestquality Dutched cocoa powder, such as Valhrona, 1 teaspoon red food coloring, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Red Velvet Hot Chocolate with Marshmallow Whipped Cream, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 38524: {instructions: If your slices are wider than a few inches, cut each slice in 12. Char pieces of bread under hot broiler to toast and crisp. Rub with cracked garlic and drizzle bread with extravirgin olive oil.nPlace roasted red peppers in a food processor with parsley. Place a few olives at a time under the flat of a knife and whack with the heal of your hand. Discard olive pits. Add olives to the food processor. Drain a few spoonfuls of capers and add to processor. Pulse the processor and grind into a paste. Transfer to a small dish.nArrange tuna, artichokes, hot peppers, meats and cheeses on a platter and serve with charred bread and red pepper spread for allevening snacking., ingredients: [12 loaf day old crusty bread, sliced , 2 large cloves garlic, cracked, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 16 to 18ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, 14 cup parsley leaves, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup black oilcured olives, 20 olives, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, Italian tuna in oil, 4 ounces, 1 jar marinated artichokes, 6 ounces, Hot peppers, cheery peppers, Banana peppers or pepperoncini, 12 pound sliced Italian deli meats, such as hot or sweet sopressata, Genoa salami, 12 pound assorted Italian cheeses, sliced or cubed, such as asiago, provolone, pepato black pepper cheese, smoked mozzarella, red pepper flake sheeps milk cheese  these are my favorites, choose a few like to keep on hand], title: Antipasto with Red Pepper Tapenade, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 38525: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler cut the carrots lengthwise into thin ribbons or slices. Quarter, core, and stem the pears. Using a knife, slice into very thin strips. Place the carrot and pear slices in a large bowl with the chopped parsley.nIn a blender combine the white wine, curry powder, honey, salt, and pepper and blend to combine. With the machine running add the olive oil. Pour the dressing over the carrots and pears. Toss to combine and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pound large carrots, trimmed and peeled about 8 carrots, 2 firm pears recommended: DAnjou, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Shaved Carrot and Pear Salad with Curry Vinaigrette, picturelink: KQ2Vd59JAtIQd4.Lazf8s.Kz84V.Oq}, 38526: {instructions: Cut the squid bodies on one side so they open up flat. Score with a sharp knife in a 14inch crosshatch pattern. Slice into 12inch strips. Cut any tentacles in half.nCook the noodles in a pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 8 minutes. Drain and run under cold water until cool.nStir together the broth, molasses and soy.nHeat the oil in a wok or large heavy skillet over high heat. When it just begins to smoke, add the bell peppers, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring, until charred in places and crisp tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the scallion whites, ginger and garlic and cook, stirring, until very fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the squid and sauce to the wok and cook, stirring until the squid is just cooked, about 1 minute. Stir in the lime juice, and then toss the squid mixture with the noodles. Chill until cool, about 30 minutes or up to overnight.nSeason with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with the cucumbers and scallion greens., ingredients: [1 pound cleaned squid, 8 ounces rice noodles, Kosher salt, 13 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon molasses not blackstrap, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 1 bunch chopped scallions, whites and greens reserved separately, One 2inch piece peeled fresh ginger, julienned, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice from 1 to 2 limes, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small cucumber, thinly sliced], title: Calamari Stir Fry with Peppers and Cukes, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 38527: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed stock pot, melt butter and saute onion, celery, and whites of scallions. Cook briefly then add flour and stir for approximately 5 minutes. Add sherry, stir together, then add cream and milk and whisk until smooth. Allow to simmer for about 15 to 20 minutes. Add salt, pepper, hot sauce and oysters. Bring to a slight simmer. Remove from heat and stir in parsley and scallion tops. Serve the soup topped with a dollop of whole butter., ingredients: [14 pound fresh butter, I yellow onion, finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 cup cream, 2 cups whole milk, Salt and fresh white pepper, Dash hot sauce, 2 pints fresh oysters, 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley], title: Oyster Soup, picturelink: null}, 38528: {instructions: Strip the thyme leaves from the stems combine the leaves and stems with the lime juice, garlic, jalapenos, olive oil, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and marinate 30 minutes to 1 hour at room temperature.nPosition a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the chicken, skinside up, on a foillined rimmed baking sheet and tuck the wing tips underneath. Pour the marinade on top, season with salt and dot with the butter.nRoast the chicken, basting with the pan juices halfway through, until the skin is amber and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer to a platter and top with the pan juices.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 small bunch fresh thyme, Juice of 2 limes, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 jalapeno peppers, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt, 3 half chickens about 1 12 pounds each, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces], title: HoneyLime Roast Chicken, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 38529: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the beef and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned. Drain off any excess fat. Add the tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Stir in the heavy cream and season with 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Transfer to a bowl and reserve skillet.n2. Add the cooked spaghetti to the beef mixture and toss well. Beat the eggs and add to the pasta along with the mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Toss well to combine.n3. Wipe out the skillet and heat the 1 tablespoon remaining oil over high heat. Add the spaghetti mixture and lightly press down. Cook until the bottom sets, about 5 minutes.n4. Transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake until set in the center and crispy around the edges, about 15 minutes. Let stand at least 5 minutes. Scatter with torn basil leaves and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 8 ounces 90 percent lean ground beef, One 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups cooked cold spaghetti about 6 ounces uncooked, 4 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup cherrysize mozzarella bocconcini or ciliegine, drained, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup basil leaves, torn], title: Beefy Cheesy Spaghetti Pie, picturelink: null}, 38530: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUnwrap the phyllo and remove 5 sheets from the stack. Reserve the remaining dough for another use.nPut a round baking pan on top of the phyllo sheets and trim the sides. Lay the phyllo circles flat between 2 damp kitchen towels. Set the pan aside.nLay down 1 piece of phyllo dough on your work surface. Brush with butter and sprinkle with ground pistachios. Put a second phyllo sheet on top of the first and brush with butter and sprinkle with pistachios. Repeat 3 times, making 5 layers and the top being only phyllo. Put the stacked dough into the baking pan. Alternately, cut into squares 2 inches larger than muffin cup size lightly butter the muffin tin and gently press prepared phyllo squares into each muffin cup to form small bowl shapes.nBake for about 14 to 16 minutes, until golden brown and crisp. Remove the pan from the oven and allow the tart to cool completely before topping.nCrumble goat cheese over the crust. Top with tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 box frozen phyllo filo dough, thawed, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, or as needed, 1 cup chopped pistachios, 8 ounces herbed goat cheese, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Pistachio Tart, picturelink: null}, 38531: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine in a blender, ice, strawberry water, tequila, lime juice, Triple Sec and simple syrup. Puree until smooth. Pour into rocks glasses and serve., ingredients: [2 cups crushed ice, 12 cup strawberry puree frozen can or fresh strawberries, pureed, 1 cup tequila, 2 limes, juiced, Splash Triple Sec, Splash simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves, then cooled], title: Strawberry Margarita, picturelink: AkzJ91ydTgc8lnnUR.91WOzyjgM7.0m}, 38532: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook, crumbling it as you go, until browned. Remove from the skillet and drain on a paper towellined plate. Pour off any excess fat from the skillet.nAdd the onion and bell peppers to the skillet and cook over mediumhigh heat until the veggies begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in 14 cup of the tequila. Turn the heat back on and cook until the vegetables are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from the heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, stir the tomatoes and remaining 1 tablespoon tequila together in a small bowl and set aside to marinate for a few minutes.nTo build, cover the bottom of a medium ovenproof skillet with a third of the Monterey Jack and Cheddar. Add half of the chorizo, then another third of the cheese. Next, add as much of the veggie mixture as youd like you may have a little left over. Add almost all of the remaining cheese, the rest of the chorizo and then whatever cheese you have left. Sprinkle the top very lightly with chili powder.nBake, starting to watch it 4 to 5 minutes in, until the cheese is totally melted, hot and slightly bubbling...but before the cheese starts to firm upharden. In other words, you still want the cheese to be extra gooey.nDrain the tomatoes.nRemove the skillet from the oven and top with the spiked tomatoes and cilantro. Serve immediately with tortilla chips. Its best when piping hot Wrap a cloth around the skillet handle so guests wont burn themselves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 ounces fresh chorizo, 1 small onion, finely diced, 1 small green bell pepper, finely diced, 1 small yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon tequila, preferably gold, 2 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 pound Monterey Jack cheese, grated, 8 ounces white Cheddar, grated, Sprinkle of chili powder, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: TequilaSpiked Queso Fundido, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 38533: {instructions: 1. In food processor combine KELLOGGS CORN FLAKES cereal, flour, brown sugar and cinnamon. Process until combined. Add butter. Process about 12 seconds or until crumbly.n2. Toss together pears, cranberries, honey and lemon juice until honey dissolves. Spoon into 11 x 7 x 2inch baking dish. Sprinkle with cereal mixture. Bake at 425 degrees F about 30 minutes or until brown. Serve warm.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [2 cups Kelloggs Corn Flakesu00ae cereal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup cold butter or unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 pounds ripe pears, cored, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup cranberries, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Autumn Fruit with Corn Flakes Streusel, picturelink: GHL1d1pnbifZPUl9r0x8IFgqGAGnqZ6}, 38534: {instructions: Special equipment: CheeseclothnPosition an oven rack in the top position of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Set a cooling rack on a rimmed baking sheet.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, and cook, stirring frequently, until browned and soft, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, and let cool in the skillet.nRemove the outer leaves and core of the cauliflower heads. Separate the heads into large florets, and trim away most of the remaining smaller stems. In 2 batches, process the florets in a food processor until very finely chopped, almost a paste, then transfer the paste to a large bowl. Wipe out the food processor.nPut the cauliflower in the middle of a double layer of cheesecloth, and gather up the sides into a bundle. Squeeze out as much liquid as you can over the sink, then put the cauliflower back in the bowl. Add the browned onion, almond meal, egg whites and 2 teaspoons salt, and work together with your hands until combined and the mixture holds together when squeezed. Scoop out even tablespoonfuls, roll each into a ball and shape into a squaredoff tot shape, and line them up on a baking sheet. The tots can be covered loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerated overnight.nPulse the rice cereal in the food processor until finely ground, and transfer to a small dish. Whisk the egg yolks with 14 cup water in a medium bowl. Line up the tots, egg wash, ground cereal and prepared baking sheet with the rack on your work surface. Dip the tots in the egg wash let the excess drip off, roll them in the cereal to fully coat and place on the rack. To avoid a mess, designate one hand for dipping and retrieving in the egg and the other for rolling in the cereal. Spray each tot all over with the cooking spray, turning as needed. Unsprayed breaded tots can be placed on a parchmentlined baking sheet, frozen until solid, about 2 hours, then transferred to a large freezer bag for up to 1 month. Coat with cooking spray before baking.nBake the tots on the prepared baking sheet until golden brown outside and hot inside, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes, then transfer to a serving platter. Serve with desired dipping sauces., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 2 small heads cauliflower, 1 cup almond meal, 2 large eggs, separated, Kosher salt, 2 cups crispy rice cereal, Cooking spray, Dipping sauces, such as ketchup, grainy mustard, pesto or redpepper hummus, for serving], title: Baked Cauliflower Tots, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 38535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl and whisk well to combine.nStore in an airtight container for up to 3 months.nHeat an electric griddle or frying pan to 350 degrees.nPlace the butter, eggs and buttermilk in a mixing bowl and whisk to combine. Pour this over the 2 cups of pancake mix that is in a separate bowl and whisk just to combine. Do not try to remove all of the lumps.nOnce your griddle or pan is hot, use a large ice cream disher to scoop the batter onto the griddle. Cook for 23 minutes or until golden brown, flip and cook for another 23 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack to hold. Repeat until all of the batter has been used. You will have 1012 pancakes.nPeel and pit the avocado. Place the avocado and the lemon juice into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat until lightened in color, approximately 23 minutes. Add the powdered sugar a little at a time and beat until smooth. Add the lemon extract and whisk to combine.nPlace a small dab of frosting on a plate and set one of the pancakes on top of it. This serves as an anchor to hold the cake in place. Spread about 14 cup of frosting on top of the pancake. Top with another pancake and repeat until you have 6 layers. Frost the top and sides with the frosting if desired., ingredients: [1 pound 5 ounces allpurpose flour, 8 12 ounces cake flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 2 whole eggs, room temperature, 2 cups buttermilk, room temperature, 2 cups Instant pancake mix from above, 8 ounces ripe avocado meat, approximately 2 small to medium avocadoes, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 pound powdered sugar, sifted, 12 teaspoon lemon extract], title: Pancake Cake with Avocado Frosting, picturelink: AkvV56GGLL2vxeNO05sMyLzsMMnL6Pa}, 38536: {instructions: Preheat grill.nWhisk olive oil, vinegar, dill, salt and pepper together in a small bowl set aside.nAssemble skewers, starting with garlic, mushroom, zucchini, onion, and tomato. Repeat until skewer is full, leaving 1 inch at each end of skewer. Brush each skewer with olive oil marinade. Grill for about 6 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked to your liking, turning skewers once after 3 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, 12 teaspoon salt, Cracked black pepper, 6 large cloves garlic, 8 button mushrooms, 2 large zucchini, cut into 1inch dice, 12 cup red onion, cut into 1inch dice, 4 plum tomatoes, halved, 4 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, or 4 metal skewers], title: Quick Vegetable Skewers, picturelink: null}, 38537: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, combine the sugars, butter and peanut butter. Beat until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Sift together the flour, the baking soda and the salt and add to the dough. Dough should be stiff enough to shape with your hands. Make 1inch balls and place on a lightly greased cookie sheet. Gently press thumb into the balls to flatten the cookies slightly and make an indentation in the center of the cookie. Press 3 or 4 chocolate chips into the indentation.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until lightly golden brown. Remove cookies from the oven and transfer to wire racks to cool., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 34 cup light brown sugar, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup peanut butter, 2 eggs, 1 34 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chocolate chips], title: Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 38538: {instructions: Melt butter, peanut butter and chocolate chips together. Stir in rice or corn cereal to coat. Put cocoa powder in paper bag or resealable plastic container. Add cereal and shake until cereal is covered with cocoa powder. Serve., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 12 cup peanut butter, 1 cup chocolate chips, 6 cups rice or corn cereal, 34 cup cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Kids Mix, picturelink: 14lxTPGSRSasaxH2BSjG9TeWt8QuEa}, 38539: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel, core and slice apples into 14inch slices. Transfer apples to a large mixing bowl and toss with sugar, lemon juice, brandy, and cinnamon. Pour into a lightly greased 13 by 9inch baking dish.nIn another large bowl make a coarse crumb mixture out of crumble ingredients using fingers. Top apples with mixture and bake about 45 minutes.nServe warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [5 large Golden Delicious apples about 3 pounds, 1 cup granulated sugar, Juice of one lemon, 14 cup brandy, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, About 1 cup walnuts or pecans, chopped, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups rolled oats, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 1 stick cold butter, cut into small pieces, Vanilla ice cream, as an accompaniment], title: Fresh Apple Crumble with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 38540: {}, 38541: {instructions: Make the candied bacon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the brown sugar, cayenne and cinnamon in a small bowl. Arrange the bacon on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with half of the sugarspice mixture. Bake 10 minutes, then flip and sprinkle with the remaining sugarspice mixture and bake 10 more minutes. Remove the bacon from the oven and let cool.nMake the bacon mayonnaise: Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then finely dice. Whisk the mayonnaise and sour cream in a small bowl. Stir in the diced bacon and chives and season with salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to 1 day.nMake the burgers: Form the ground beef into 4 equalsize patties, about 3 12 inches in diameter. Sprinkle both sides of each patty liberally with salt and black pepper.nHeat a grill pan or castiron skillet over high heat, then add the canola oil. Add the patties and cook about 3 minutes, then flip and top each with 1 slice cheddar. Cover and continue cooking 3 more minutes for medium rare.nBuild the burgers: Smear the bacon mayonnaise on the toast. Serve the patties on the toast with lettuce, tomato and the candied bacon.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 4 slices thickcut bacon, 3 slices thickcut bacon, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 slices cheddar cheese, 8 slices Texas toast, toasted, Romaine lettuce and sliced tomato, for topping], title: BLT Burgers with Bacon Mayonnaise, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 38542: {instructions: Whisk together the first 7 ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nSpread the crabmeat on a cookie sheet and carefully remove any bits of shell. Transfer to a large bowl and toss gently with the bread. Spoon the wet mix over the crabmeat and gently fold until just combined. Allow thenmixture to rest in refrigerator for 10 minutes.nShape the mixture into 12 evensized cakes approximately 4 ounces each. Chill the crab cakes for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight to firm up.nHeat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the crab cakes, turning once, until golden brown and heated through. Alternatively, bake in a preheated 400 degree F. oven for 15 to 20 minutes.nServe immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 pound lump or backfin crabmeat, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 2 slices white bread, crusts removed and torn into small pieces, 14 cup unsalted butter, as needed, Serving Suggestion: Tartar sauce], title: Baltimore Orioles Maryland Crab Cakes, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 38543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a slowcooker, combine the chicken and all remaining ingredients except the rice. Mix well to combine. Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours or high for 3 to 4 hours. Serve over rice., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 2inch pieces, One 10ounce package frozen okra, thawed, 2 links andouille sausage, diced, 1 cup chopped onions, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 cups reducedsodium tomato juice, 2 cups cooked rice], title: SlowCooker Chicken Gumbo, picturelink: YmBp2lzmdwPD1DoZXzkTx.84E7ziVFm}, 38544: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLine 1 pie pan with 1 of the pie doughs, and place in the refrigerator. In a large bowl, stir together the sugar, orange zest, salt, lemon juice, and butter until combined. Gently add the berries to the bowl, and toss a few times until most are coated with the sugar mixture. Pour the berry mixture into the unbaked pie shell. Top with the second pie dough, folding the edges under and crimping together by pinching with the thumb and forefinger of one hand. With a sharp knife, cut a few slits in the center of the top crust. Refrigerate for 20 minutes, or until the dough is firm. Place pie in the oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until crust is golden all over. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, and bake for an additional 40 to 50 minutes, or until berry juices bubble at center slits. If crust darkens too quickly, cover it with foil. Let pie cool on a wire rack before serving., ingredients: [2 9inch pie doughs, homemade or storebought, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 orange, zested, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, rinsed and picked over, 1 12 cups fresh blackberries, rinsed and picked over, 1 cup fresh raspberries, rinsed and picked over, 1 14 cups fresh strawberries, rinsed and sliced], title: Berry Patch Pie, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 38545: {instructions: Melt butter in skillet and stir in sugar and zest. Cook over medium high heat for 3  5 minutes stirring occasionally. When sugar has reached a caramel like consistency add bananas and cook for 3 minutes. Add rum and flambe. Serve over vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 bananas, peeled and sliced into 2 A thick diagonals, 2 tablespoons rum, Vanilla ice cream], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 38546: {instructions: Sweet sour red cabbage: Combine all ingredients in a pot, bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer. Let simmer for 3 hours.nBeef Rouladen: Have the butcher cut the beef 18inch thick, 3inches wide, and 6inches long, have one piece this size per person. Sprinkle beef with chopped bacon, chopped onions and season with salt and pepper. Rollup beef and tie with kitchen string. Brown the rolls in large, deep, sauce pan with the oil. Dissolve the bouillon cubes in the water. Add the bouillon water to the pan. Add the bay leaves. Bring to a boil then simmer for 3 to 4 hours or put in a preheated 325 degree oven for 3 hours. Check often and add water if necessary. When done, remove the string from the rollups and plate. Do not discard juice from pandish.nPotato Dumplings Klosse: Boil and mash no butter or milk, just plain 13 of the potatoes. Finely grate remaining 23 of potatoes, raw. Place in a fine cotton cloth and ring out as much of the extra juice as possible. Combine mashed potatoes with grated potatoes in a bowl with seasonings of choice. Form mixture into 3inch diameter patties about 34 to 1inch thick. Bring pot of water to a slow rolling boil. Place 56 potato patties dumplings into the water and boil slowly until they float. Plate the dumplings as they float and cover to keep warm. When all dumplings are finished, use the boiling water for making gravy from the beef rollup drippings.nGravy: Add potato water from mashedpotato boiling to the drippings from the Rouladen. Use about 4 tablespoons of flour to every 1 cup of remaining juicebroth. Mix flour with cold water before adding to hot broth. Bring mixture to a slow boil and whisk until the gravy thickens. Add 1 to 3 tablespoons of Maggies Seasoning. Add a little seasoning at first and continue adding to taste., ingredients: [1 head red cabbage, chopped in 14inch pieces, 2 to 3 apples chopped into small pieces with skin, Small onion, chopped, 2 lemons juiced, 23 cup of brown sugar, Round or Sirloin, cut into 18 x 3 x 6 pieces, 1 per person, 1 pound bacon, chopped, 1 whole onion, chopped, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons oil, 3 to 4 beef bouillon cubes, 12 cup water, 2 bay leaves, 2 to 3 tablespoons Maggies seasoning available in condiment aisle at grocery store, 5 pounds of potatoes peeled and placed in cold water, Salt and pepper, Herbs of choice, Potato water, Beef rouladen drippings, 4 tablespoons flour, Cold water, 1 to 3 tablespoons Maggies seasoning], title: Rouladen, picturelink: null}, 38547: {instructions: Divide the muddled jalapeno between 2 glasses. Add the tequila, agave, lime juice and bitters into a shaker full of ice. Shake well, and then pour into the glasses. Top with a splash of soda and garnish with a sprig of cilantro., ingredients: [12 jalapeno, cut into slices, chopped, seeded and muddled, 4 12 ounces tequila, 1 tablespoon agave, 12 tablespoon lime juice, 2 dashes bitters, Ice, Splash soda water, Fresh cilantro sprig, for garnish], title: The Scoville Sipper Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 38548: {instructions: For the marinade:nWhisk the mirin, and soy together along with the 2 cloves of minced garlic.nFor the roast:nUsing a butcher knife, penetrate the roast. Spread the holes evenly around the roast. Insert a sliced garlic clove deep into each penetration. Place into a large bowl and rub the roast with a light coating of olive oil. Salt and pepper the entire roast evenly. Pour the garlic Teriyaki sauce over the roast. Roll the roast around in the garlic Teriyaki. try to make sure that the garlic teriyaki gets deep into the penetrations in the roast as well. Let the roast marinate over night.nAdjust rotisserie coals for indirect heat.nTie down the roast on your rotisserie, and discard marinate. This should preheat to 375 degrees F to char the outside and then cook at 350 degrees F or about an hour. This roast should be served medium rare., ingredients: [Teriyaki marinade approximately 4 ounces, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup soy, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1 6pound beef roast, 12 peeled garlic cloves, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons salt, Coarsely ground fresh black pepper], title: Da Bears Bus Beef Roast, picturelink: null}, 38549: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream makernIn a medium saucepan, combine 4 14 cups 1000 grams water, the sugar, dextrose, glucose powder, trimoline, sorbet stabilizer and salt and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil for 5 minutes and then set aside to cool.nOnce cooled, add the mango puree and diced jalapenos. Pour the mixture into an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [14 ounces 400 grams sugar, 3 13 ounces 96 grams dextrose, 2 14 ounces 63 grams glucose powder, 1 14 ounces 36 grams trimoline, 110 ounce 3 grams sorbet stabilizer, Pinch salt, 2 pounds 900 grams mango puree, 3 jalapenos, diced], title: Mango Chili Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 38550: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan, add shallots and garlic and saute until soft. Add rum, bring to a boil and reduce to 13 cup. Add stock, bring to a boil and reduce the heat. Whisk in remaining ingredients and simmer until reduced to 2 cups. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature.nPreheat grill. Brush each steak with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 minutes on each side for mediumrare doneness. Drizzle with Rum SaucenPlace warm potatoes, peppers, onion and cilantro in a large bowl and toss to combine. Whisk together vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper. Pour vinaigrette over potatoes and season again with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup Myerss dark rum, 4 cups Chicken stock, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons molasses, Salt, 4 filet mignon steaks, about 8 ounces each, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 Peruvian purple potatoes, cooked and skin removed, cut into 34inch dice, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and diced small, 1 red onion, diced small, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, 13 cup champagne vinegar, 23 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: RumBlack Pepper Glazed Filet Mignon, picturelink: null}, 38551: {instructions: Filled 2 pint glasses with ice. Combine equal parts ginger beer and wheat beer in each glass. Garnish each with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 bottle ginger beer, well chilled, 1 bottle wheat beer, well chilled, 2 lime wedges], title: Beer Ginger Shandy, picturelink: null}, 38552: {instructions: Cut a small piece off the curved side of 4 unpeeled bananas so theyll sit level, then make a deep slit down the center of each through the peel place on separate sheets of foil. Open the slits and brush the inside of each banana with melted butter, then sprinkle with sugar and 1 ounce chopped semisweet chocolate fold up the foil. Grill the packets over high heat until the chocolate melts, 6 to 8 minutes dont worry if the peel turns brown. Open the peels and top the bananas with ice cream, whipped cream, sprinkles and a cherry.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Banana Splits, picturelink: null}, 38553: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreparation: Sprinkle brown sugar over beef and mix well to evenly coat. Let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes while preparing marinade. In a bowl, whisk together remaining ingredients. Transfer beef into a large sealable freezer bag you may need 2. Add marinade, press out excess air from bags, and seal. Turn bag over several times to ensure beef is evenly coated. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours but preferably overnight.nHeat gas or charcoal grill to mediumhot. Drain excess marinade off beef. Grill short ribs, turning once, to desired doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Garnish with thinly sliced green onions, if desired. Serve whole pieces as a main course or cut into smaller pieces, using kitchen shears, for a starter or party nibble., ingredients: [5 pounds Korean style beef short ribs, 1 cup brown sugar, packed, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup water, 14 cup mirin rice wine, 1 small onion, peeled and finely grated, 1 small Asian pear, peeled and finely grated, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 green onions, thinly sliced optional], title: Kalbi Korean Barbequed Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 38554: {instructions: Cook 3 slices chopped thickcut bacon in a skillet until crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to paper towels whisk 2 tablespoons of the drippings with 1 diced small shallot, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar and 2 tablespoons water. Toss with one 5ounce bag baby spinach, 1 cup halved red grapes and 12 cup pistachios season with salt and pepper. Top with 14 cup crumbled blue cheese and the bacon.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Warm Spinach Salad, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 38555: {instructions: Place chicken in a large pot and fill with water to halfway up sides of bird. Add leek, onion, carrot, tomato, salt, peppercorns and bay leaves. Cover, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes, or until chicken is done. Remove chicken and place in a bowl until cool enough to remove the meat from the bones and shred into bitesize pieces. Meanwhile, strain broth and reserve 4 cups.nSoak the bread in the milk. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cumin and saute for 1 more minute. Add softened bread and aji or chile powder, and cook for about 1 minute, stirring. For a creamier sauce, place onionbread mixture in a blender, puree until smooth and return to skillet. Add 2 cups of the chicken stock and continue cooking until sauce thickens and coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes.nAdd the chicken and simmer for 5 to 8 more minutes, adding more stock if needed. Stir in the walnuts and Parmesan cheese, and simmer gently for another 5 minutes, or until thickened slightly. To serve, spoon chicken and sauce onto a serving platter and surround with potatoes and eggs. Sprinkle with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 large frying chicken about 3 12 4 pounds, 1 leek, trimmed, washed and chopped, 1 medium onion, peeled and chopped, 1 medium carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 tomato, chopped, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups soft bread crumbs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup olive oil, 2 onions, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon yellow Aji, Amarillo or Chile powder, 13 cup finely chopped or ground walnuts, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 pounds small potatoes, boiled, peeled and halved, 4 hardboiled eggs, halved, Chopped parsley for garnish], title: Aji de Gallina Chicken in a Spicy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38556: {instructions: Place sauce in small pan with a splash of water and heat through over low temperature. Stir in cinnamon and cayenne pepper. When you are ready to serve, pour sauce into small serving dish and surround with pastries for dipping. Sauce can be reheated in microwave as necessary., ingredients: [1 jar caramel sauce, any brand, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pinches chili powder or cayenne pepper, 1 package elephant ear or angel wing pastry cookies aka palmiers you want at least 1 dozen pastries recommended: Stella Doro], title: Elephant Ears with Warm Caramel Dipping Sauce, picturelink: H39oewuOZBFn2eQGkC34Nu0EQhAO.}, 38557: {instructions: Remove tomato pouch from salad blend and cut tomatoes in half set aside.nCut 8 4x4inch squares or 4inch circles from watermelon season each with salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine salad blend, tomatoes, onion, feta, mint and jalapeno in large bowl. Toss with LimeOrange Vinaigrette, to taste. For each serving, place one watermelon slice on large plate spoon some salad onto watermelon. Top with second slice of watermelon top with additional salad.nTip: Cutting slices from a baby watermelon work well.nLimeOrange Vinaigrette:nWhisk together 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper and salt, to taste until well blended. Makes about 13 cup., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, LimeOrange Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 pkg. 7.75 oz. DOLEu00ae Extra Veggieu2122 with Grape Tomatoes, 8 14inch thick slices watermelon, Salt and ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup finely chopped DOLE Red Onion, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, LimeOrange Vinaigrette:, 2 tablespoons lime juice,, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons sugar,, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper and salt], title: Layered Watermelon, Tomato and Mixed Greens Salad with Feta Cheese, picturelink: DGyyk4kttQCgnHssrNp3mvpdLUjv9iC}, 38558: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and meat to the pan. Spread the meat around the pan and begin to break it up. Combine brown sugar and steak seasoning. Add sugar and spice mixture to the skillet and combine. When the meat has browned, add onion and red peppers to the skillet. Reduce heat to medium and cook onions, peppers, red wine vinegar and Worcestershire sauce with meat for 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and paste to pan. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to simmer and cook Sloppy Joe mixture 5 minutes longer. Using a large spoon or ice cream scoop, pile sloppy meat onto toasted, buttered bun bottoms and cover with bun tops. Serve with your favorite sides or sliced tomatoes seasoned with salt and pepper, dill pickles and Deviled Potato Salad. Have plenty of napkins on handnBoil potatoes in water seasoned with coarse salt until they are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain cooked potatoes and return to the warm pot to dry them out. Let the potatoes stand 2 minutes, then spread potatoes out on to a cookie sheet to quickcool them.nIn the bottom of a medium mixing bowl, grate 14 onion using a hand grater. Add mustard and mayonnaise, paprika and cayenne pepper sauce to the grated onion and stir to combine. Add potatoes to the bowl and stir to evenly distribute dressing. Season potato salad with salt and pepper and taste to adjust your seasonings. Top servings of salad with chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 14 pounds ground beef sirloin, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons to 1 tablespoon steak seasoning blend, such as McCormick brand Montreal Seasoning, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 crusty rolls, split, toasted, and lightly buttered, Garnish: sliced ripe tomatoes, pickles, Deviled Potato Salad, recipe follows, 5 allpurpose potatoes, peeled and diced, Coarse salt, 14 onion, 3 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 12 cup mayonnaise, eyeball the amount, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon hot cayenne pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco or Franks Red Hot, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Super Sloppy Joes, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 38559: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, parsley, sundried tomatoes, garlic, if using, eggs, milk, feta, salt, and pepper. Add the turkey and gently stir to combine, being careful not to overwork the meat.nCarefully pack the meat mixture into the prepared pan and bake until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and slice. Put on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 cup plain bread crumbs, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup chopped garlic and herbmarinated sundried tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, optional, 2 eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat], title: Turkey Meatloaf with Feta and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: Xhtdum5Z.QDlT4P6jG.e4pVuQ.nR4fC}, 38560: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 6 minutes. Put 12 of the onion in a large bowl and the remainder in another bowl. In the large bowl add the beef, bread crumbs, grill seasoning, Worcestershire sauce and the egg. Mix to combine everything well and form the mixture into 5 oval patties. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the patties until they are well browned, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove the steaks and pour off all but 2 tablespoons the fat. The patties will not be cooked through and will finish cooking in the gravy.nPut the pan back on the heat, add the mushrooms, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the remaining onions, sprinkle in the flour, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the beef broth and bring it to a boil. Return the patties to the pan, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the sauce has thickened and the steaks are cooked through, about 10 minutes. Reserve one steak for online round 2 recipe, Beef Empanadas.nServing Yield: 4, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 pounds 80 percent lean ground beef, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 large egg, 12 8ounce package sliced baby portobello mushrooms, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 14ounce cans beef broth], title: Salisbury Steak with Brown Gravy, picturelink: null}, 38561: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large round tipnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 6cup standard muffin tin or the 6 middle cups of a 12cup tin with cooking spray and set aside. Whisk together the heavy cream and eggs in a large bowl and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Add the leftover creamed spinach and thoroughly combine. Divide the spinach mixture among the muffin cups in the prepared pan. Bake in the middle of the oven until the tops are golden and they spring back to the touch, about 25 minutes. Allow to cool to just warm or room temperature before frosting.nMeanwhile, add the feta and cream cheese to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until light and fluffy. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip.nPipe the tops of each of the spinach cupcakes with some of the feta frosting. Top each with a sprinkle of paprika and some chopped chives and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 extralarge eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups leftover creamed spinach, 8 ounces feta, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Paprika, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Spinach Cupcakes, picturelink: 7YA6vKggiajCSvVUb8Q61mW0Q9sFWVO}, 38562: {instructions: Remove the stems and some of the seeds from the ancho, arbol and guajillo chiles then tear the chiles into large pieces. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, toast the chiles until they start to change color, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup hot water to just cover the chiles turn off the heat, cover the pan, and let steam for 15 minutes. Transfer the chiles and liquid to a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into a bowl and set aside.nIn a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, onions, peppers, Fresno chiles and Anaheim peppers. Cook until the onions are translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside on a baking sheet or in a bowl.nSprinkle the beef chuck and ground beef with salt and pepper, then add to the Dutch oven. Cook until well browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin, oregano, cayenne and cinnamon saute until fragrant, about 2 more minutes. Add the sauteed vegetables, beef stock and the chile puree, stirring to combine. Bring to a boil and reduce to a very low simmer. Simmer until the beef is very tender and the liquid has reduced, about 2 hours. Stir in the beer and paprika, then add the masa harina to tighten sauce. Stir over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes, breaking up some of the beef so it gets worked into the sauce slightly. Add salt and pepper to taste. Remove from the heat, cover and keep warm.nServe generous portions of chili in bowls, drizzled with Cheddar Beer Cheese Sauce and garnished with sour cream, scallions, red onion and crackers.nRemove the stems and some of the seeds from the ancho, arbol and guajillo chiles then tear the chiles into large pieces. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, toast the chiles until they start to change color, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup hot water to just cover the chiles turn off the heat, cover the pan, and let steam for 15 minutes. Transfer the chiles and liquid to a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into a bowl and set aside.nIn a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, onions, peppers, Fresno chiles and Anaheim peppers. Cook until the onions are translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside on a baking sheet or in a bowl.nSprinkle the beef chuck and ground beef with salt and pepper, then add to the Dutch oven. Cook until well browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin, oregano, cayenne and cinnamon saute until fragrant, about 2 more minutes. Add the sauteed vegetables, beef stock and the chile puree, stirring to combine. Bring to a boil and reduce to a very low simmer. Simmer until the beef is very tender and the liquid has reduced, about 2 hours. Stir in the beer and paprika, then add the masa harina to tighten sauce. Stir over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes, breaking up some of the beef so it gets worked into the sauce slightly. Add salt and pepper to taste. Remove from the heat, cover and keep warm.nServe generous portions of chili in bowls, drizzled with Cheddar Beer Cheese Sauce and garnished with sour cream, scallions, red onion and crackers.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and flour and mix together to make a roux. Cook until nutty and fragrant but still light in color, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the beer and halfandhalf, whisking to create a smooth, thick sauce. Add the Cheddar, cream cheese, Worcestershire, salt, dry mustard, paprika, cayenne and pepper. Cook over low heat, while continuing to whisk, for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover, and keep warm until ready to serve.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and flour and mix together to make a roux. Cook until nutty and fragrant but still light in color, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the beer and halfandhalf, whisking to create a smooth, thick sauce. Add the Cheddar, cream cheese, Worcestershire, salt, dry mustard, paprika, cayenne and pepper. Cook over low heat, while continuing to whisk, for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover, and keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 ancho chiles, 2 dried chiles de arbol, 2 dried guajillo chiles, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 large red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and diced, 2 Fresno chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced, 2 Anaheim peppers, stemmed, seeded and diced, 2 pounds beef chuck roast, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 pounds coarse ground beef, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 cups lowsodium beef stock, One 12ounce bottle beer, amber preferred, Pinch paprika, 3 tablespoons masa harina, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 1 12 cups CheddarBeer Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, 12 cup minced red onion, 1 cup broken salted crackers, 2 ancho chiles, 2 dried chiles de arbol, 2 dried guajillo chiles, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 large red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and diced, 2 Fresno chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced, 2 Anaheim peppers, stemmed, seeded and diced, 2 pounds beef chuck roast, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 pounds coarse ground beef, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 cups lowsodium beef stock, One 12ounce bottle beer, amber preferred, Pinch paprika, 3 tablespoons masa harina, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 1 12 cups CheddarBeer Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, 12 cup minced red onion, 1 cup broken salted crackers, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup halfandhalf, One 12ounce bottle beer, amber preferred, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup cream cheese, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon paprika, Pinch cayenne, 5 to 6 turns fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup halfandhalf, One 12ounce bottle beer, amber preferred, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup cream cheese, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon paprika, Pinch cayenne, 5 to 6 turns fresh ground black pepper], title: Texas Chili, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 38563: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a pot. Cover with water and add the salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a small skillet and saute the onion, cumin and garlic until the onion is translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the corn and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the milk and simmer for 1 or 2 minutes, the season with salt and pepper.nRemove the potatoes from the heat and drain. Mash the potatoes and add the corn mixture. Serve hot, garnished with cilantro., ingredients: [3 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 large onion, diced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 14 cups fresh corn kernels, 34 cups milk, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Kahuku Corn Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 38564: {instructions: Place a 14inch nonstick saute pan over high heat. Add the chicken and drysear to lightly brown the chicken. Add the sake, soy sauce, 13 cup water, brown sugar, mirin, oyster sauce, ginger, star anise, dried chile and cinnamon stick and bring to a simmer. Cook, covered, about 12 minutes.nUncover and simmer until the pan is almost dry, tossing frequently to coat the wings, 10 to 12 minutes. Skim off the fat if you like, and serve, garnishing with scallion shavings and sesame seeds. I like to emulsify the chicken fat into the sauce by turning up the heat at the last minute to boil the fat into the other liquids., ingredients: [16 whole chicken wings, flap segments removed and saved for stock, 13 cup sake, 13 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons brown sugar see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons mirin, 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, 4 large thin slices fresh ginger, 2 cloves star anise, 1 dried hot chile, 1 cinnamon stick, Shaved green onions, for garnish, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Grandmothers Chinese Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 38565: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, olive oil, mustard, salt, pepper, parsley and thyme together in a large mixing bowl. Add the warm lentils and bacon and stir to combine. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPick over the lentils, rinse and drain. Place the lentils along with the onion, garlic, bay leaf, salt and pork into a large 6quart saucepan and cover with water by 2 to 3 inches. Place over high heat and bring just to a rolling boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until the lentils are tender, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Drain any remaining liquid and discard the onion, garlic, bay leaf and salt pork. Stir in black pepper and taste for salt. Serve immediately.nNote from Alton: Those of you who watched this program on the 17th or 18th will want to disregard one particular suggestion I made regarding lentils: dont feed the left over onions to your dog. It turns out onions are not good for dogs in any shape or form. Im grateful to the fans who emailed me after the airing for setting me straight on this nutritional peculiarity. As for my own dogs ability to digest onions, well...shes more hog than dog I guess.nCook smart,nAlton, ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 recipe basic cooked lentils, see recipe below, 6 to 8 slices thicksliced bacon, cooked and chopped, 1 pound brown or green lentils, approximately 2 12 cups, 1 small onion, halved, 1 large clove garlic, halved, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 pound salt pork, optional, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 38566: {instructions: Special equipment: A mandoline or a sharp knifenUse a fork to whisk the lemon juice and olive oil in a small bowl. Using a mandoline or sharp knife, slice the mushrooms very thin. Put them in a serving bowl and toss with about 2 teaspoons of the olive oil mixture.nChop enough of the fennel fronds to make about 2 tablespoons reserve the rest for another use. Trim the tops and bottoms from the fennel bulbs and halve the bulbs slice off most of the core leaving on a bit helps keep the bulb intact. Using the mandoline, shave the fennel bulbs almost paper thin from the root to the top end right over the mushrooms. Add the fennel fronds and the lemon zest season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.nShave the Parmesan over the salad using a vegetable peeler. Drizzle the remaining olive oil mixture around the edge of the bowl and toss everything gently but well to combine., ingredients: [1 lemon, finely zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces cremini mushrooms, 2 small bulbs fennel with fronds about 2 12 pounds, One 2ounce hunk Parmesan], title: Shaved Fennel, Mushroom and Parmesan Salad, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 38567: {instructions: In a hot skillet, coat with 1 tablespoon of fat and sautee leeks until soft, about 6 minutes. Season. Deglaze with white wine and completely reduce. Set leeks aside, wipe out pan and heat again. Add remaining fat and sear potatoes brown, about 10 minutes. Add back the leeks and chervil. Move around quickly to heat thoroughly. Check for seasoning.nPLATING On the plate with the liver, place hash to the side and ladle sauce on the liver.nWine Recommendation: Morgon, Cuvee Unique Vieilles Vignes, 1997, ingredients: [2 cups leek rings 14 inch, about 3 leeks, 3 tablespoons duck fat or butter, 12 cup dry white wine, 6 each large yukon gold potatoes, peeled and 14 inch dice, 14 cup chopped chervil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: PotatoLeek Hash, picturelink: null}, 38568: {instructions: In a bowl, pour water over tamarind and let sit for 10 minutes to hydrate, then mix well and strain pulp, leaving seeds, creating tamarind juice.nIn a saucepan, bring tamarind juice, balsamic vinegar, shallots, sugar, and garlic to a simmer and reduce to thicken to nappe consistency, about 20 to 35 minutes. Season to taste, strain, cool and refrigerate, ingredients: [4 cups boiling water, 1 14ounce brick tamarind pulp, 1 14 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 pound shallots, sliced, 1 cup Demerara sugar, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Tamarind and Balsamic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38569: {instructions: Pour quinoa into a bowl of cold water and wash it, rubbing it between your hands. Drain and repeat until the water is clear. Bring 3 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the quinoa, stir once and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, over moderate heat 10 minutes. Pour through a strainer and drain well. Transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over moderate heat. Add the carrot and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the scallions and cook for another minute. Add the bell pepper, salt and pepper and saute for about 2 minutes. Add the peas and stir to combine. Add the quinoa, chopped nuts and thyme and stir again to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups raw quinoa, organic if possible, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium carrot, peeled and finely diced, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh or frozen peas, 12 cup chopped pistachio nuts, 12 bunch chopped fresh thyme], title: Quinoa with Vegetables and Nuts, picturelink: null}, 38570: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 550 degrees the highest it will go. Rub oil on the skin and season both the inside and outside with salt and pepper. In a hot skillet coat with the olive oil and sautee the shallots and shiitakes until soft, about 3 minutes. Season and set aside to cool. Mix with lemons, scallions, thyme and stuff the birds. Place birds on sheet tray and roast in the oven until crispy brown, about 8 to10 minutes. Turn the oven down to 350 and roast another 5 to10 minutes, depending on desired doneness, I prefer medium rare, 7 minutes.nWine Recommendation: Olmos Reward, Frankland Estate, Aus, ingredients: [Canola oil, to cook, 4 squab, rib cage removed, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 cups sliced shiitakes, 3 sliced shallots, 12 cup minced preserved lemons, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion, 1 tablespoon minced fresh lemon thyme, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Roasted Squab Stuffed with Shiitakes and Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 38571: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water, sugar, cinnamon stick, orange peel, and orange juice to a boil.nPeel the pears, leaving the stem intact. Core the pears from the bottom using a corer or vegetable peeler.nAdd the pears to the simple syrup, and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the pears are tender, but not mushy, about 15 minutes. Chill the pears in the syrup.nPlace the pear standing up on a dessert plate and drizzle with the chocolate sauce.nPlace the chocolate chips in a small bowl. Heat the heavy cream to hot, but not boiling in the microwave, about 15 to 20 seconds. Pour over the chocolate chips and let sit undisturbed for 5 minutes. Mix until smooth and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, Peel from 12 orange, Juice of 12 orange, 8 small pears, Quick Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup heavy cream, 23 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 38572: {instructions: Fill a medium saucepan with water and bring to a boil. Add some salt and the carrots and cook until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain the carrots and add back to the pan with the butter, honey and lemon juice. Cook until the glaze coats the carrots, 5 minutes. Season the carrots with salt and pepper and garnish with the chives to serve., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound baby carrots, peeled with trimmed green stems, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped chives], title: HoneyGlazed Carrots, picturelink: null}, 38573: {instructions: Trim stems from fennel bulb and cut away any brown spots from outer layer. Chop and reserve 2 tablespoons fronds and chop bulb. Saute fennel bulb and onion in oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat, stirring, until beginning to brown. Add sausage and cook, stirring and breaking up lumps with a fork, until no longer pink. Add wine and simmer until reduced by about half, then add marinara sauce and simmer, stirring frequently, until vegetables are tender and sauce is thickened, about 10 minutes.nWhile sauce simmers, cook pasta in a pot of boiling salted water until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and toss with sauce. Sprinkle with reserved fennel fronds., ingredients: [1 fennel bulb sometimes called anise with fronds, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings discarded, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce, 1 pound rotini, fusilli, or other spiral pasta], title: Fennel and Sausage Ragu over Pasta, picturelink: null}, 38574: {instructions: Cut 2 fennel bulbs into 1inch wedges toss with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and a pinch of red pepper flakes on a rimmed baking sheet. Cover with foil and roast at 425 degrees F, 20 minutes. Uncover and toss continue roasting until tender and golden, 15 to 20 minutes, sprinkling with 14 cup shredded parmesan during the last 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Parmesan Roasted Fennel, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 38575: {instructions: Mix together a marinade of lemon, oil, oregano, and garlic. Add meat and let marinate for 2 to 3 hours in the refrigerator. Remove meat from the marinade and thread on skewers. Place on a hot grill, turning a few times, for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound cubed leg of lamb, 12 lemon, juiced, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped finely, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped finely, Skewers, if wooden soak in water for about 15 to 20 minutes], title: Lamb Shish Kabobs, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 38576: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChop the chocolate into small pieces and place it in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring occasionally until melted. Add the cocoa and sugar, stirring constantly until thoroughly blended. Remove from heat and slowly add 12 cup of the milk and stir until smooth. Cool to room temperature.nIn a blender place the remaining 1 cup of milk, the room temperature chocolate mixture, and the ice. Blend on high speed until smooth and the consistency of a frozen daiquiri. Pour into a giant goblet and top with whipped cream and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [6 12ounce pieces your favorite chocolates can be a variety, 2 teaspoons store bought hot chocolate mix, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups milk, 3 cups ice, Whipped cream, for garnish, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, picturelink: W.K4NjMOctj0QWyTwGqJj44vw1Urq}, 38577: {instructions: In a microwave glass dish sprinkle the squash with 2 tablespoons water and microwave it, covered with microwavesafe plastic wrap, at high power 100 percent for 7 to 10 minutes, or until it is very tender.nTransfer the squash to a bowl, with an electric mixer beat it with the butter and half the brown sugar until the mixture is smooth, and beat in the egg and salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide the mixture among 4 1 14cup ramekins, sprinkle it with the remaining brown sugar, and microwave it, uncovered, at high power 100 percent for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it is puffed and just set., ingredients: [1 2pound butternut squash, peeled, seeds and strings discarded, and the flesh cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 large eggs], title: Puffed Butternut Squash, picturelink: null}, 38578: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add 2 cups basil cook 30 seconds, then drain and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a food processor and puree with the butter, garlic, lemon zest and 12 teaspoon salt until smooth. Set aside.nSpatchcock the chicken: Cut along each side of the backbone with kitchen shears discard the backbone. Open the chicken like a book flip over. Press down on the backbone to flatten. Gently loosen the skin from the breasts and thighs using your fingers. Transfer half of the basil butter to a bowl and rub all over the chicken and under the skin season with salt and pepper. Transfer skinside up to the rack. Roast until the skin is browned and crisp and a thermometer inserted into a thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, fill a medium saucepan with water season with salt and add the potatoes. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl toss with half of the remaining basil butter and season with salt and pepper.nWhisk the vinegar and mustard in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Add the frisee, plums and the remaining 1 cup basil. Season with salt and pepper gently toss to coat. Spread the remaining basil butter over the chicken carve. Serve with the potatoes and salad.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 cups fresh basil leaves, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 clove garlic, grated, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 3 12pound chicken, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds baby potatoes, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 head frisee, torn about 5 cups, 2 plums, cut into 12inch wedges], title: Roast Basil Chicken, Basil Baby Potatoes, Frisee Plum Salad, picturelink: A9BlIOdmdaTYkkvibZqJwh.0wUkNc.}, 38579: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, tossing, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a food processor. Toast the sesame seeds in a small skillet over medium heat until golden, tossing, about 5 minutes. Add to the processor along with the coriander, cumin, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt pulse until the mixture looks like breadcrumbs. Transfer to a shallow bowl.nMake the salad: Set a steamer basket over a saucepan filled with 1 inch of water bring the water to a boil. Add the carrots, cover and steam until forktender, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the parsley, garlic, vinegar, lemon juice, cayenne, 2 tablespoons of the hazelnut crust mixture, 1 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in 23 cup olive oil. Add the steamed carrots and toss cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nAdd the feta and dates to the carrot mixture, season with salt and black pepper and toss. Add the mixed greens and frisee but do not toss.nPat the lamb chops dry and season with salt and black pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil. Working in 2 batches, position the chops snugly in the skillet with the fatty edge down the bones will curve cook until browned on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the chops and cook on the flat sides until browned, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Dredge each cooked chop in the hazelnut crust.nToss the salad and divide among plates. Serve with the lamb chops.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 cup blanched hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 34 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 1 pound carrots, cut into chunks, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup plus 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 13 cup chopped pitted dates, 10 cups mixed spring greens, 1 large head frisee, torn, 12 lamb rib chops, bones frenched], title: HazelnutCrusted Lamb Chops, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 38580: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTopping: Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a small bowl and set aside.nBechamel Sauce: Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter over low heat in a medium saucepan. Add the flour and stir to combine. Stir constantly, for about 3 minutes. Increase heat to medium and whisk in the milk or halfandhalf, adding a little at a time and cook until thickened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Lower heat, season with the salt and pepper and add Gruyere and mozzarella cheeses. Stir until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth. Set aside.nFrench Onion Soup: Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan. Add onions, cover, and cook 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove cover, add garlic and honey, and continue to cook uncovered, stirring frequently, until onions are caramelized, about 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and a generous amount of pepper. Remove pot from heat and add sherry. Return to heat and stir to remove browned bits from bottom of pan. Reduce sherry by half, then add stock and thyme and cook until almost all liquid is evaporated. Remove from heat.nGrease a 3quart baking dish or casserole with the last tablespoon of butter or spray with nonstick cooking spray. Combine cooked pasta with onion soup mixture and bechamel sauce, and stir well to combine. Transfer pasta to baking dish and sprinkle with bread crumbParmesan topping.nBake until top is golden brown and cheese is bubbly, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [14 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk or halfandhalf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Gruyere, grated, 3 ounces mozzarella grated, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon or nonstick spray, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 large white onions, thinly sliced, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dry sherry, 2 cups beef stock, 8 sprigs fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound pasta, cooked al dente elbow macaroni, ziti, or fusilli work well], title: French Onion Soup Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 38581: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the macaroni: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2quart casserole dish.nBring 4 quarts of water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the salt and macaroni. Bring the water back to a boil and cook the macaroni until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain well.nFor the cheese sauce: Meanwhile, melt the butter in a 1quart saucepan. Using a wire whisk, stir in the flour and salt, stirring and cooking over medium heat until the roux bubbles and the flour turns pale brown, about 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in 1 cup of the milk and then whisk in the remaining 1 cup milk. Continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the sauce thickens. Add the cheese and stir until it melts. Add the drained macaroni to the cheese sauce and mix thoroughly.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, stir the breadcrumbs with the butter until the crumbs are moistened.nTransfer the macaroni and cheese to the prepared baking dish and top with the buttered breadcrumbs. Bake until the dish bubbles around the edges, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the dish, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni with ridges, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: Baked Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 38582: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the honey, sugar, wine, and cinnamon in a 9inch baking dish. Add the fruit and toss to coat. Roast until tender, 20 to 30 minutes. When the fruit is cooked, remove it from the pan, and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, toss the almonds and sugar together, then add the egg white, and mix well to coat. Lightly grease a baking sheet and spread the almond mixture on it. Bake the almonds, turning them with a spatula every 5 minutes, until golden brown and caramelized, about 10 to 12 minutes.nServe the fruit warm or at room temperature, with the almonds sprinkled on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lightbodied red wine, like Beaujolais, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 6 medium pears, ripe but firm, peeled, quartered, and seeded, 34 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup sugar, 1 large egg white], title: Roasted Pears in Red Wine and Cinnamon Glaze, picturelink: null}, 38583: {instructions: Pour 1inch of water into a large saucepan over medium heat, bring to a simmer. Once simmering, reduce the heat to low.nPlace egg yolks and 1 teaspoon water in a medium mixing bowl and whisk until mixture lightens in color, approximately 1 to 2 minutes. Add the sugar and whisk for another 30 seconds.nPlace the mixture over the simmering water and whisk constantly for 3 to 5 minutes, or until there is a clear line that is drawn in the mixture when you pull your whisk through, or the mixture coats the back of a spoon.nRemove the bowl from over the pan and gradually add the butter, 1 piece at a time, and whisk until all of the butter is incorporated. Place the bowl back over the simmering water occasionally so that it will be warm enough the melt the butter. Add the salt, lemon juice, and cayenne pepper. Serve immediately or hold in a thermos to keep warm., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 1 teapsoon water, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 38584: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil a 12inch square piece of parchment paper, and press it into a 9inch round cake pan. Dont worry about the sides overlappingthis is what creates a rustic edge. Set aside.nProcess the almond meal, oats, oat flour, rice flour and baking powder in a food processor until the oats are ground. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the egg in another medium bowl set aside. Peel and roughly chop 1 of the pears. Process the chopped pears, coconut oil, maple syrup, maple sugar, vanilla, almond extract and salt in a food processor until smooth add the mixture to the bowl with the egg, and whisk to combine. Pour the pearegg mixture into the flour mixture, and stir to combine. Transfer the batter to the prepared cake pan, and lightly spread it out.nWorking quickly, peel, quarter and core the remaining pear. Cut each quarter into 4 long slices, arrange them in a circle on top of the batter and sprinkle with chopped almonds. Bake the cake until the edges are deep golden and a toothpick comes out clean, 50 minutes. Set aside to cool.nDrizzle the cake with maple syrup, and serve warm or cool. Leftover cake can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 3 days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons melted coconut oil, plus more for oiling the parchment paper, 1 12 cups almond meal, 12 cup glutenfree rolled oats, 14 cup glutenfree oat flour, 3 tablespoons brown rice flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 large egg, 2 large ripe Anjou pears, 5 tablespoons maple syrup, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup maple sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, Pinch sea salt, Chopped almonds], title: GlutenFree Pear and Almond Cake, picturelink: xrMixgaTzetihw8HZy65NZ.aoxt3mi}, 38585: {instructions: Lift the tofu out of its liquid, and cut the tofu into 34 inch cubes. Place the cubes on paper towels and let drain, about 15 minutes.nRemove the shells from the thousand yearold eggs and roughly chop each egg.nRinse the preserved mustard greens to remove excess salt, drain, and mince. Place mustard greens in a bowl, along with the chopped egg, cilantro, scallions, sesame oil, rice vinegar and soy sauce. Gently toss to mix the ingredients.nPlace the tofu on a platter and top with the chopped relish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 ounce package soft tofu, 3 tablespoons Szechuan preserved mustard greens or homemade pickled mustard greens, 2 thousand yearold eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Silky Tofu with Ancient Eggs, picturelink: null}, 38586: {instructions: Prepare the crepes: In a bowl, combine flour, sugar, salt, eggs and melted butter. Stir until smooth. Add milk and mix well. Strain.nHeat a 7inch crepe pan or nonstick omelet pan and melt 1 teaspoon butter over moderate heat. Pour in 2 or 3 tablespoons of batter. Cook the crepe until it is golden brown on the bottom then flip it, using a spatula. Remove when golden brown on both sides. Continue until all the batter is used.nIn a food processor, combine sugar and lemon zest and process until lemon zest is minced. Add the cheese, butter, 1 egg, and a pinch of salt. Process until cheese is smooth. With the motor running, add the remaining eggs through the feed tube, one at a time. Add creme fraiche and process just to combine. Transfer to a bowl and stir in raisins and vanilla. Refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight.nMake the glaze: Whisk together eggs and sugar. Whisk in heavy cream. Reserve.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter individual gratin dishes. Place about 2 tablespoons of filling in each crepe and roll to enclose. Arrange two or three crepes in each gratin dish.nPour glaze over crepes and bake until lightly browned, about 30 minutes.nServe in gratin dishes directly from the oven. Top with apricot marmalade., ingredients: [34 cup flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, Pinch salt, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cups farmer cheese a dry cottage cheese, 12 cup unsalted butter, 4 eggs, Pinch salt, 34 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 34 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 3 cups heavy cream, Apricot marmalade, storebought], title: Crepes with Cheese and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 38587: {instructions: Combine sugar, vinegar and ginger in a small pot and bring to a boil, dissolve sugar and turn off heat, reserve.nIn a skillet heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions, chili peppers, mushrooms and garlic 3 to 4 minutes then add shrimp and toss 3 to 4 minutes more until pink and firm. Douse the pan with the sweet vinegar, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with cold lettuce for wrapping the hotsweet shrimp., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 1inch ginger root, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable or other light oil, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 small red chili peppers, very thinly sliced, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp, deveined, tails off, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cored and quartered], title: Hot N Sweet Shrimp Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 38588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat.nChop tenders into bitesize pieces. Wash up, then season chicken with salt and pepper. Dice chorizo. Add extravirgin olive oil and chicken to pot. Lightly brown chicken 2 minutes, then add the chorizo and garlic. Cook another 2 to 3 minutes, then add peppers, onions and potatoes. Cook 5 minutes, then stir in tomatoes, kidney beans, and hot sauce. Add chicken stock and bring soup to a bubble.nPreheat broiler.nReduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender 10 to 12 minutes. Ladle soup into shallow bowls and top each bowl with a generous handful of crushed tortillas and cheese. Melt cheese under hot broiler. Garnish with scallions and herbs. , ingredients: [1 pound chicken tenders, Salt and pepper, 34 pound chorizo sausage, in packaged meats case near kielbasa, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 6 small red potatoes, diced, 1 15ounce can fire roasted chopped tomatoes recommended: Muir Glen, 1 15ounce can dark red kidney beans, drained, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 sack red or blue corn tortilla chips, 2 cups shredded pepper jack or smoked Cheddar, Suggested garnishes: chopped scallions, chopped cilantro or fresh thyme leaves], title: Chicken, Chorizo and Tortilla Stoup Stewlike Soup, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 38589: {instructions: Working in 2 batches, puree watermelon in a food processor. Strain puree through a sieve and strain out solids, forcing liquid out with a wooden spoon. Discard solids. Combine the watermelon puree, lime juice, mint and sugar in a 9 by 13inch metal pan. Place mixture in the freezer, scraping thoroughly with a fork every 20 to 30 minutes for about 2 12 hours, or until the granita resembles coarse crystals. Scrape 1 last time and spoon into parfait glasses or bowls. Top with a mint sprig., ingredients: [9 cups about 2 12 pounds seeded, cubed watermelon, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup mint, finely chopped, plus more for garnish, 13 cup sugar], title: Watermelon, Lime and Mint Granita, picturelink: UVcL6ZTXzIHGU3oFCm4mMWT67jy4ZS}, 38590: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F, butter and flour 6 6ounce custard cups.nToast coconut: Spread coconut on a nongreased baking sheet and put in oven until lightly brown and fragrant about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and reserve.nPut 6 ounces of the chocolate and the butter and 1 tablespoon of the coconut extract in a double broiler being careful not to let the bowl that the chocolate mixture is in come in contact with the boiling water. Stir until all of the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth and glossy, take off heat and let cool slightly about 2 to 3 minutes.nUse an electric mixer with the whisk attachment to beat the eggs, yolks, sugar, and remaining 2 tablespoons of coconut extract at lowmedium speed for 2 to 3 minutes. Increase speed to high and beat until the egg mixture becomes pale and thick about 5 to 8 additional minutes. Reduce speed back to its lowest setting we dont want a cloud of flour in our kitchen. Gradually sift in the flour while mixing, add the chocolate mixture to the egg mixture and beat again until completely incorporated and mixture is thick and glossy being careful not to overmix about 5 minutes. Carefully fold in toasted coconut.nFill each prepared custard cup about half way, place a few of the remaining chocolate chips into each custard cup. Top off each with remaining batter. Place all custard cups on a baking dish that is at least 12inch deep in case of any spills. Bake cakes until edges are set and center is still slightly jiggly about 12 minutes. Let cool slightly making sure you dont cool the cakes too much, theyre best served warm. Carefully run a knife around the edges to loosen the cake and invert the cake onto individual plate. Dust with powdered sugar and more toasted coconut flakes, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 8 ounces imported bittersweet chocolate chips recommended: Ghirdelli, 10 tablespoons 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 3 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons coconut extract, 14 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Powdered sugar, for decorating], title: Individual Molten Chocolate Coconut Cakes, picturelink: null}, 38591: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken, stir to coat and cook until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots, celery, onions, garlic and leek and continue cooking until the vegetables are a light brown. Add enough water to cover the chicken, and then add the peppercorns, parsley and thyme. Stir to mix and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and let simmer until the meat falls off the bone, about 2 hours.nKeep the chicken aside and let cool. Keep the stock. Debone and cut the meat in chunks. Strain and skim the fat from the stock. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. This step can be done the day before.nAdd the potatoes to the stock and cook for 20 minutes. Skim the surface if necessary. Add the pasta and continue cooking until the pasta is al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken chunks. Adjust the seasoning and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30 ml canola oil, One 4pound2 kg whole chicken, 2 large carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 leek, chopped, 1 tablespoon15 ml peppercorns, A handful fresh parsley, leaves torn, About 10 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 potatoes, cubed, 12 ounces375 g bow tie pasta], title: Mamies Chicken Stew, picturelink: null}, 38592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler. In a bowl, stir together the chopped orange, chile, scallions, cilantro, olive oil, and salt and pepper.nWrap each shrimp in a section of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Put the shrimp on a baking sheet and broil, turning once, until the bacon is crisp and the shrimp is cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes each side. To serve, lay a lettuce leaf on the cutting board. Remove the toothpick from 1 of the cooked shrimp and center the shrimp on the lettuce leaf. Spoon a little of the citrus sauce on top, wrap it all up in the lettuce like a burrito, and put it seamside down on a plate. Keep going in the same way to wrap all of the shrimp. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 orange, sectioned, seeded if there are any and chopped, 1 hot red chile, stemmed and chopped, 2 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 3 to 4 slices bacon, cut into 2 to 3inch sections, 8 leaves bibb or Boston lettuce], title: Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, picturelink: KVnIvdNP3Woq0Wki8ApZ1zKCbhBLu}, 38593: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet. Bake until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Rub the warm hazelnuts in a clean kitchen towel to remove the skins.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. Grease a 9inch springform pan with butter, then fit with a circle of parchment paper, and brush the parchment with butter.nCombine the hazelnuts, brandy, cherries, unsweetened chocolate and bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl. Sift 1 cup of the flour and 12 teaspoon of the cinnamon in another bowl.nCombine the honey and sugar in a saucepan. Stirring constantly, bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Add the dried fruit mixture, stirring until combined. Fold in the flour and mix to combine. Pour into the prepared pan.nUse wet hands or a small metal spatula to press the mixture to form a level layer. Combine the remaining 12 tablespoon flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon and the cocoa. Sift over the cake. Bake until set, about 30 minutes.nCool and gently brush off the flour coating before serving., ingredients: [4 ounces whole hazelnuts 34 cup, Butter, at room temperature, for greasing, 2 tablespoons brandy, 3 ounces dried cherries 12 cup, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped 34 cup, 1 14 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped 14 cup, 1 cup plus 12 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 23 cup honey, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Panforte, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 38594: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 6 to 8 inch square baking pan. Sift the flour with the baking soda and salt onto a sheet of waxed paper. Scrape the vanilla beans and reserve the pods and scrapings. Place the vanilla and the butter in a small saucepan and heat until melted. Beat the egg with the brown sugar at medium high speed until it resembles very loose meringue, about 3 minutes, then add melted butter. Reduce the speed, then add the flour and mix until not quite incorporated. Add the nuts and chopped chocolate fold until well blended. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Bake until the top is dry and golden and a toothpick inserted in the center emerges nearly dry, about 30 minutes. Makes 15 bars., ingredients: [1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sifted allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 each vanilla beans, split, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 34 cup toasted almonds or pecans, coarsely chopped, 2 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 ounces dark chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Homemade Blondie Bars with Chocolate and Almonds, picturelink: null}, 38595: {instructions: Put all ingredients into the bowl of a mixer, and blend thoroughly. Form into an egglike chick shape, and refrigerate until firm, about an hour. Before serving, roll the cheese ball in shredded cheese this will look like feathers. Use a whole almond for the chicks beak, raisins for eyes and slivers of carrot or orange peppers for the feet. Serve with crackers or crudites.nThe results are at once delightful and delicious dont expect the little guy to last very long., ingredients: [2 8ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 1 12 cups cheddar cheese preferably orange, shredded, plus additional for rolling, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon hot sauce such as Tabasco, Coarse salt and white pepper, to taste], title: Easter Cheese Ball, picturelink: null}, 38596: {instructions: BEAT sugar and shortening in bowl of electric mixer at medium speed until well blended. Add egg and almond extract, beating until well blended. Combine flour, ground almonds, baking powder and salt. Add gradually to shortening mixture at low speed.nDIVIDE dough into 4 quarters. Wrap each quarter of dough with plastic wrap. Freeze 30 minutes or refrigerate 2 hours or up to 2 days.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Roll 1 quarter of dough between 2 sheets of floured wax paper to 18inch thickness. Remove top sheet of wax paper. Cut with a floured 2inch round scalloped cutter. Cut centers out of half of the cookies with a 34inch cutter. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.nBAKE 6 to 7 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Cool 1 minute on baking sheet. Remove to cooling rack. Repeat with remaining dough.nSPREAD about 12 teaspoon jam on bottom side of each whole cookie. Place cookie with cutout center on top of jam. If desired, sprinkle tops with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 cup ground almonds, 12 tsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. salt, 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Lakeside Raspberry Cranberry Preserves, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening or 1 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 1 large egg, 1 tsp. almond extract or 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, Powdered sugar optional], title: Raspberry Linzer Rounds, picturelink: zkmPTz9TR38OvdiTwpmHUlZSTbQQi6}, 38597: {instructions: Cut beef tenderloin into 3ounce medallions and pound to form scaloppini.nIn a large bowl, combine 14 cup olive oil, garlic, oregano, and 2 tablespoons adobo. Add the meat, stirring to coat evenly. Place in the refrigerator and let marinate for at least 12 hours.nIn a saute pan, heat the remaining 14 cup olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until golden brown. Add vinegar, chicken stock, and butter, and let simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with 1 tablespoon adobo, or more to taste. Keep warm.nIn another large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add beef scaloppini and quickly saute for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove from heat.nTo serve, layer the beef scaloppini and the onion mixture and repeat layers 1 more time. Ladle the broth from the onions over top as a sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, choice grade, trimmed of fat, 12 cup olive oil, divided, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Dash dried oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons adobo seasoning equal parts garlic powder, onion powder, ground cumin, and salt, divided, 2 large white onions, sliced in rings, 14 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 stick unsalted butter], title: Steak with Smothered Caramelized Onion Bistec Encebollado, picturelink: 29RtioDKu9iAjze3S3YbDKpzVTlhM.}, 38598: {instructions: In a large nonstick saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil. Saute the mushrooms and scallions until the mushroom liquid evaporates, about ten minutes. Stir in the broth, potatoes, wine, thyme, caraway seeds and salt bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender, about twenty minutes. Transfer to a blender and remove the knob in the lid, puree. Return the soup to the saucepan bring back through a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the halfandhalf. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, One 10ounce package mushrooms, sliced, 3 scallions, 4 cups chicken broth, 3 medium red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1 inch chunks, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crumbled, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, crushed, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup halfandhalf], title: Mushroom Caraway Soup, picturelink: null}, 38599: {instructions: In a small food processor minichopper, combine the garlic and ginger and puree into a paste. Transfer to a small bowl.nHeat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the cumin seeds, cloves, cardamom, allspice, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, until dark and fragrant and the cinnamon stick unfurls, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the garlicginger paste, curry powder, and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato and yogurt and cook, stirring, until they separate from the oil and there is a distinctive sizzling sound, about 7 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring, for about 1 minute more.nAdd the water, salt, and potatoes and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the cauliflower, green beans, and chickpeas, bring to a boil, and cook, uncovered, until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has thickened, about 5 minutes more. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with plain basmati rice., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, One 3inch chunk peeled, fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 14 heaping teaspoon whole cloves, 10 cardamom pods, 8 whole allspice, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, 1 bay leaf, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 12 jalapeno, or more to taste, in one piece, 12 cup whole, peeled tomatoes with puree roughly chopped, 12 cup whole milk yogurt, 2 12 cups cold water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 6 small red new potatoes about 10 ounces, quartered, 1 12 heaping cups small cauliflower florets, 4 ounces fresh green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup canned chickpeas, rinsed and drained, Serving suggestion: Basmati rice and chutney], title: Vegetable Curry, picturelink: null}, 38600: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat 4 12cup ramekins with cooking spray. Put the chocolate in a medium, heatproof bowl and set aside. Put the gelatin in a small bowl, add the boiling water and stir until dissolved. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan whisk the 13 cup sugar, cocoa, cornstarch and salt. Gradually add the milk, whisking until smooth. Turn the heat on to medium and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens and comes to a boil, about 6 minutes. Boil for 1 minute.nRemove from the heat and stir in the reserved gelatin, being sure to scrape in any solidified gelatin too. Immediately pour the hot pudding into the bowl of chocolate and let sit for 2 minutes. Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Allow the pudding to cool for 10 minutes.nArrange 1 chocolate wafer in the bottom of each ramekin. Top with half of the chocolate pudding. Top with a second cookie and the remaining pudding. Cover the ramekins with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 3 hours. Whip the cream with the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar, using a wire whisk. When the pudding has chilled and set, run a knife around the edge of each ramekin and unmold the pudding towers onto individual plates. Spoon a dollop of whipped cream on top of each tower and garnish with cocoa powder.nExcellent source of: IodinenGood source of: Protein, Riboflavin, Vitamin D, Calcium, Phosphorus, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons boiling water, 13 cup sugar, plus 1 teaspoon, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch salt, 2 cups 1 percent lowfat milk, 8 chocolate wafer cookies, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Pudding Towers, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 38601: {instructions: Bring the broth, ginger, soy sauce, wine, vinegar, sesame oil, sugar and a pinch of salt to a boil in a soup pot over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer about 10 minutes. Add the carrots and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the dumplings and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the scallions and spinach and cook until wilted, about 1 minute., ingredients: [8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, preferably dark, 14 cup Chinese Shaoxing rice wine, dry sherry or white vermouth, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 2 carrots, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 1 pound frozen Chinese dumplings, pork or shrimp about 24, 3 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 4 cups baby spinach], title: Chinese Dumpling Soup, picturelink: Tv6HOeMe4Jtr5dYuum4qUXLv8jWaPa}, 38602: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups diced tomatoes, 34 cup chopped kimchi, 13 cup chopped cilantro and the juice of 1 lemon. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Kimchi Salsa, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 38603: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the meat, panko, milk, bell peppers, onion, garlic, herbs, Worcestershire sauce, coriander, onion powder, salt, black pepper, white pepper and eggs in a large mixing bowl. By hand, fold all the ingredients together until thoroughly mixed. Remove a small amount of the mixture and sear it in clarified butter in a skillet over medium heat until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes, to test for flavor and consistency. The meat may appear underseasoned this is okay.nIn a separate mixing bowl, combine the mushrooms and Bistro Sauce and mix thoroughly. Place the mushrooms in a finemesh sieve set over a bowl and let the excess sauce drain off and collect in a bowl reserve for the glaze.nLine a sheet pan with the bacon in a crisscross weave pattern. Put approximately half the meatloaf mix into the pan and spread out evenly. Make a vein of mushrooms that runs down the entire center of the pan. Take the rest of the meatloaf mix and cover the mushrooms in an even layer. Fold the bacon over the meatloaf. Flip the meatloaf over onto a lined sheet pan.nBake the meatloaf for 20 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Cover the meatloaf with foil and continue baking until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, about 20 additional minutes. Combine the reserved Bistro Sauce with the ketchup and refrigerate until ready to serve. Top the meatloaf with the sauce before serving.nCombine the tomatoes, soda, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, pepper, sugar, Italian seasoning, salt, sriracha, raisins and 12 cup water in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook until reduced by twothirds, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [5 pounds 80percent beef 20percent pork ground meat blend, 1 14 cups panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup smalldice green bell pepper, 12 cup smalldice red bell pepper, 12 cup smalldice sweet onion, 14 cup minced garlic, 14 cup minced mixed fresh parsley and chives, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 tablespoon ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon ground white pepper, 2 eggs, Clarified butter, for searing, 1 quart sliced crimini mushrooms, 12 cup Bistro Sauce, recipe follows, 16 strips bacon, 2 cups ketchup, One 102ounce 10 can tomato fillets, 8 cups soda, such as CocaCola, 2 cups soy sauce, 2 cups Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup garlic powder, 12 cup ground black pepper, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup Italian seasoning, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sriracha, 1 pound raisins], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: vKdXQT6aRVZ4pkBhRPu.Z7XjxCyf.K}, 38604: {instructions: For the fig jam: Soak the figs in the red wine for at least 2 hours and preferably overnight.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and add the grapeseed oil, shallots, garlic and rosemary. Saute until the garlic begins to brown slightly on the edges.nAdd the figs and wine, the balsamic vinegar and brown sugar and bring to a simmer. Simmer the jam until the liquid has reduced by half and is syrupy. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the jam to a food processor and pulse until chunky. Let the jam cool completely.nFor the sweet potatoes and Brussels sprouts: Heat a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the grapeseed oil and allow it to heat up. Add the diced sweet potatoes, parsnips and carrots and cook on high to sear the potatoes, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to cook the the vegetables, stirring regularly, until tender, about 20 minutes.nAdd the chili powder and cayenne and saute for 1 to 2 minutes to toast the spices. Add the honey cook, stirring, to glaze the sweet potatoes, 3 to 4 minutes. The vegetables should be tender but not falling apart.nFor the lemon vinaigrette: Combine the lemon juice, dijon mustard, honey and garlic in a blender and puree.nSlowly add the grapeseed and extravirgin olive oil while the blender is running to emulsify the dressing. Add the oregano and parsley and let the blender run for a few seconds to mix the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Hold for plating.nFor the salmon: Season the salmon with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the grapeseed oil and allow it to heat up. Place the salmon in the pan, making sure not to overcrowd the pan cook in batches if necessary. Sear one side of the salmon until nicely browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the salmon over and finish cooking until medium to mediumwell, 2 to 3 minutes.nTo plate: Just before serving, heat the sweet potato mixture over high heat and add the Brussels sprout leaves. Cook until the leaves are tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the root vegetables and Brussels sprouts among 6 plates, placing the vegetables in the center of the plates. Lay the salmon over the vegetables. Drizzle 1 to 2 ounces of the vinaigrette over and around the salmon. Top the salmon with 2 ounces of the fig jam and garnish the plates with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [12 ounces dried figs, quartered, 2 cups red wine, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 34 cup brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 cups peeled and largediced sweet potatoes, 1 cup peeled and largediced parsnips, 1 cup peeled and largediced carrots, 1 teaspoon dark chili powder, 1 pinch cayenne, 14 cup honey, 12 Brussels sprouts, leaves picked, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 7ounce fillets coho salmon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Salmon with Fig Jam, picturelink: sgKZBTrGoKeOY.OKRFNHkr7c8g8gqAG}, 38605: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter a 2quart ovensafe dish.nCut the top off of the garlic head to expose the garlic. Put the head on a piece of aluminum and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and close. Place the garlic into the oven and roast until soft, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and open to cool slightly before using.nBring the chicken stock, 1 12 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt to a rolling boil in a large pot over high heat. Add the grits and stir well with a whisk. Cook, stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Add the eggs while whisking quickly, and fold in 3 tablespoons of the roasted garlic, the cheeses, jalapenos, cayenne, 12 teaspoon black pepper and white pepper. Once the grits are thoroughly combined and smooth, transfer to the prepared baking dish and cover with foil.nBake for 1 hour 20 minutes, then remove foil and cook 10 minutes longer to brown the top., ingredients: [14 cup butter, unsalted, plus extra for greasing the dish, 1 head garlic, Olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for roasted garlic, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, plus extra for roasted garlic, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 34 cup grits, not quick style, 2 eggs, well beaten, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded, 8 ounces pepper jack cheese, shredded, 3 tablespoons pickled, drained and minced jalapeno, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon white pepper], title: Roasted Garlic Jalapeno Cheese Grits, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 38606: {instructions: For the syrup: Bring the sugar, 1 cup water and lemon zest to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Strain and cool. Stir in the lemon juice.nFor the chipotle salt: Mix together the chipotle powder and salt and store in an airtight container. Stir together the cherry puree, tequila, 6 ounces of the lemon juice, the chipotle puree and 3 ounces simple syrup. Dip the edge of each glass in the remaining lemon juice, and then in the chipotle salt. Fill the glasses with ice, and then pour over the cherrychipotle cooler., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, Zest of 12 lemon, 13 cup lemon juice, 5 tablespoons chipotle powder, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 ounces Bing cherry puree, 9 ounces silver tequila, 8 ounces lemon juice, 3 ounces chipotle puree just the adobo sauce from the canned chipotles, Ice], title: The CherryChipotle Cooler, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 38607: {instructions: Preheat a medium wok over high heat. Add the oil, garlic and chilies. Add your protein selection and brown the outside. Add the onions, noodles, dark soy sauce, fish sauce and sugar. Cook for about 2 minutes. Throw in the peppers, tomato and basil and cook for 1 minute., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 Thai chiles, chopped, 6 ounces chicken, pork, shrimp or tofu, 12 cup chopped white onion, Fistful of flat wide rice noodles, cooked, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon fish sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 1 large tomato, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil], title: Opals Thai StirFry, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 38608: {instructions: Place a baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nCombine the kale and beans in a medium bowl and mash until the beans almost form a paste. Add the cheese, peanuts, 2 tablespoons of the cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, some pepper and the egg white. Form into four patties about 12inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes. Can be made ahead and refrigerated overnight.nToss the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the curry powder. Arrange in a single layer on the preheated baking sheet and bake until soft and golden in some spots, tossing about halfway through, 18 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Put the remaining 3 tablespoons cornmeal onto a plate. Dredge both sides of the burgers in the cornmeal. Cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the burgers reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 5 minutes.nSpread each burger with 12 tablespoon of the mayonnaise. Build the burgers on the English muffins with lettuce, tomatoes and onions if desired. Divide among four dinner plates along with the sweet potatoes. Divide the yogurt and peaches among four small bowls and serve on the side., ingredients: [1 cup frozen kale, thawed and squeezed dry, One 15ounce can nosaltadded pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup finely diced pepper Jack cheese, 14 cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons stoneground cornmeal, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg white, 2 large sweet potatoes, cut into 12inchthick wedges about 1 14 pounds, 2 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise, 4 whole wheat English muffins, split and toasted, Lettuce leaves, for serving, optional, Tomato slices, for serving, optional, Sliced red onions, for serving, optional, 1 cup lowfat yogurt, for serving, 2 ripe peaches, pitted and cut into wedges, for serving, Tags: High Fiber, High Protein, Low Cholesterol, Per serving: Calories 530 Fat 21 g Saturated 4 g 6 percent Cholesterol 15 mg Sodium 750 mg Carbohydrate 71 g Protein 19 g Fiber 13 g Sugar 18 g], title: BeanKale Burgers with Sweet Potato Wedges, picturelink: null}, 38609: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven to preheat.nUsing the slicing attachment on a food processor or a knife, slice the potatoes into thin discs about 14inch thick. Place 13 of the sliced potatoes into a container with cold water and reserve for another use. Place remaining 23 of the potatoes in a large bowl with 2 teaspoons canola oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to coat. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Transfer the potatoes to the baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes, flip each chip and bake for another 10 minutes.nIn a medium pot heat 3 cups of canola oil to 360 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine remaining dry ingredients except 12 cup flour and season with salt and pepper. Whisk in the seltzer water.nPlace the remaining 12 cup flour on a plate or pie dish and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the tilapia in the flour, shake off excess, then dip into batter. Carefully place the battered fish into the hot oil. Working in batches so not to crowd the pot, fry for 6 minutes until golden brown. Remove to an ovenproof plate lined with papers towels or a brown paper bag. Repeat with remaining fillets. While frying remaining tilapia keep the cooked fillets warm in a preheated 250 degree F oven.nServe immediately with chips and Tartar Sauce on the side.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl and mix until well blended., ingredients: [4 small russet potatoes, washed, 3 cups canola plus 2 teaspoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup for dredging, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 cups seltzer water, 4 tilapia fillets, each fillet sliced in 12, Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoon seafood seasoning, 2 tablespoons pickle relish], title: Crispy Crunchy Fish and Chips, picturelink: null}, 38610: {instructions: In a large, deep, heavy pan, heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the flour and the milk together. Mix in the salt, black pepper, paprika and cayenne pepper.nSlice the tomatoes into 12inch slices. Dip the tomato slices into the batter, making sure they are coated thoroughly. Cover both sides with bread crumbs. Carefully add to the hot oil and fry in the oil until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cups canola oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch paprika, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 medium green tomatoes, 2 cups Japanese bread crumbs panko], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 38611: {instructions: Heat a medium castiron and enamel casserole, or other heavy oven safe pan over medium high heat. Cook the bacon until crisp, then add the onion. Stir frequently for about 5 minutes, or until golden, taking care not to let it burn. With a slotted spoon, transfer the mixture to a bowl. Let the fat in the pan get very hot, and add the meat. Brown the meat, turning so that each piece is evenly golden.nAdd the tomatoes and peppers and cook, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes more. Add the malagueta liquid, salt, black pepper, water, and bacon onion mixture, and stir to mix. Reduce the heat to low. Simmer for about 5 minutes, or until the sauce is thickened and the meat is done to your liking. Do not overcook or the meat will become tough. Spoon the stew into large, heated bowls and scatter green onions over the top., ingredients: [1 large white onion, coarsely chopped, 2 pounds strip or rump steak, cut into 12 inch cubes, 3 large ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 3 preserved malagueta peppers, minced see Note, 1 teaspoon of the liquid from the bottle of malagueta peppers, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 6 green onions, dark green parts only, sliced, for garnish, 3 slices bacon, cut into 14 inch dice], title: Picadinho, picturelink: null}, 38612: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the sugar, vinegar, cinnamon stick, orange peel, and olives. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 large shallot, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 strip orange peel use a vegetable peeler, 2 cups mixed brined olives, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Warm Mediterranean Olives, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 38613: {instructions: Pass the beets, carrots, apples and ginger through a juicer. Strain through a finemesh sieve. Stir in the lemon juice. Pour into glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 pound beets, trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces about 3 medium, 8 ounces carrots, trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces about 2 large, 2 Gala apples, cored, cut into 1inch pieces, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled and halved, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Beet Juice, picturelink: null}, 38614: {instructions: Grate the potatoes and squeeze out liquid. Mix with mashed potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nMix goat cheese with honey and herbs and set aside.nSeparate the potatoes into 10 mounds. Place in hand and flatten out. Put 1 teaspoon of cheese mixture in center and pinch the edge to close.nFill a sauce pot 12 way with peanut oil. Heat oil to 325 degrees F and fry dumplings until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds peeled potatoes, 2 12 cups cooked and mashed potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup goat cheese, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Potato Dumplings with Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 38615: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, sift together flour, 13 cup cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt, and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, granulated sugar, milk, butter, and vanilla add to flour mixture. Stir batter until just combined. Spread batter evenly into an 8cup shallow baking dish. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together remaining 13 cup cocoa powder, brown sugar, and boiling water. Pour evenly over batter. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out with crumbs adhering to it, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes serve warm with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 12 cups boiling water, Lightly sweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: Chocolate Pudding Cake, picturelink: null}, 38616: {instructions: Early in the day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and generously butter the bottom and sides of one 9inch springform pan preferably a nonstick one. Wrap the outside with aluminum foil, covering the bottom and extending all the way up the sides.nTo make the cheesecake layer, put one package of the cream cheese, 13 cup of the sugar, and the cornstarch in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on low until creamy, about 3 minutes, scraping down the bowl a couple of times. Blend in the remaining cream cheese, one package at a time, scraping down the bowl after each. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat in the remaining 1 cup sugar, then the vanilla. Blend in the eggs, one at a time, beating well after adding each. Beat in the cream just until its completely blended. Be careful not to overmixnGently spoon the batter into the foilwrapped springform and place it in a large shallow pan containing hot water that comes about 1 inch up the sides of the springform. Bake the cake at 350 degrees F until the edges are light golden brown and the top is slightly golden tan, about 1 14 hours. Remove the cake from the water bath, transfer to a wire rack, and cool in the pan for 2 hours, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate while still in the pan until its completely cold, about 4 hours. Place in the freezer until ready to assemble the cake.nMeanwhile, prepare the devils food cake layers. Check that the oven is preheated to 350 degrees F and that the water bath has been removed. Generously butter the bottom and sides of three 9inch round layer cake pans. Very important: Line the bottom of all three pans with parchment or waxed paper dont let the paper come up the sides.nSift the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a small bowl. Cream the butter and both sugars together in a large bowl with the mixer on medium until light yellow and creamy. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each. Beat in the melted chocolate and vanilla. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the flour mixture, alternately with the milk, mixing well after each until blended.nPut the egg whites and cream of tartar in a clean mediumsize bowl and beat with clean, dry beaters on high until stiff but not dry peaks form. Fold about onethird of the whites into the chocolate batter until they disappear, then gently fold in the remaining whites. Dont worry if you still see a few white speckstheyll disappear during baking. Divide the batter evenly between the three pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out with moist crumbs clinging to it, about 30 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans on a rack for 15 minutes, then remove the cakes from the pans and gently peel off the paper liners. Let cool completely, about 2 hours, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight or until ready to assemble the cake.nEarly on the day you plan to serve the cake, make the chocolate curls and lay them out on the marble or baking sheet to dry. Now make the frosting: In a large bowl, sift the confectioners sugar, cocoa, and salt together. In another large bowl, cream the butter with a mixer on high until light yellow and slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. With the mixer still running, beat in the chocolate, corn syrup, and vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the sugarcocoa mixture in two additions, beating well after each. Blend in the cream until the frosting is a spreading consistency, adding a little more cream if needed. Whip the frosting on high until light and creamy, about 2 minutes more.nTo assemble the cake, remove the cheesecake from the freezer and let stand at room temperature about 10 minutes. Place one layer of devils food cake, top side down, on a cake plate and spread with some of the frosting. Release and remove the ring of the springform, then remove the frozen cheesecake from the bottom of the pan. Place top side down on the frosted cake layer and spread with some frosting. Top with the second devils food layer, top side down. Spread with more frosting and cover with the third devils food layer, top side up. Brush away any crumbs from the sides and top of the fudge cake layers. Frost the sides and top of the cake with the remaining frosting, spreading the top with frosting about 12 inch deep. Use a long metal spatula that has been warmed under hot running water to smooth out the frosting on the sides and top of the cake. Coat the sides with the chocolate curls, placing them where you want. With a small spatula or table knife, swirl the frosting on top into a decorative design. Or, if you wish, decorate with a crosshatch design: Make about 6 vertical lines, 1 inch apart, then crisscross 6 more horizontal lines the same distance, swirling the icing a little as you go.nRefrigerate the cake for at least 2 hours to allow the cheesecake to thaw enough to easily slice. Use a sharp straightedge knife, not a serrated one, to cut it. Cover any leftover cake with plastic wrap and refrigerate, or wrap and freeze for up to 1 month.nChocolate Curls:nAt Juniors, the bakers often use dark chocolate curls to decorate cheesecakes for a delicious and very professional looking finish.nFor large chocolate curls:nIf you have a marble slab, use it. If not, use a baking sheet place the sheet in the refrigerator to chill first.nMelt the chocolate over low heat. Spread it out in a thin sheet on the flat marble surfacebut not so thin that you can see the surface through the chocolate. Let the chocolate cool.nUsing a bakers bench scraper or a wide, flat metal spatula, scrape up the chocolate into wide curls, lifting them up as you work. The curls will be different widths and lengths, but thats fine. If the chocolate curls up into one long sheet, let it cool more before scraping again. Carefully place the curls where you want them on the cake. If you are decorating the side of the cake with them, press the curls gently into the frosting with your fingers so they stay, without falling off.nFor smaller chocolate curls:nBuy a thick bar of chocolate and use at room temperature not straight from the refrigerator. Stand up the chocolate bar vertically, slightly on an angle, against a flat surface, such as a chopping board. Slowly scrape down the bar with a vegetable peeler, allowing the chocolate to fall away into a pile of soft curls. Using a wide, flat metal spatula, carefully place them on the cake., ingredients: [3 8ounce packages cream cheese use only full fat, at room temperature, 1 13 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge eggs, 23 cup heavy or whipping cream, 2 14 cup sifted cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packaged dark brown sugar, 3 extralarge eggs, separated, 4 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 1 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, shaved into Large Chocolate Curls see below, 6 cups sifted confectioners sugar 1 12 pounds, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup heavy or whipping cream, 12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, shaved into Large Chocolate Curls see below], title: Devils Food Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 38617: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, and 12 cup water. Stir until the sugar is dissolved and bring it to a boil. Remove from heat and cool for 30 minutes. Syrup can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nMix together the granulated sugar and remaining 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and put it onto a shallow plate. Pour 2 tablespoons of the simple syrup onto a plate. Dip the rims of 4 martini glasses into the syrup, and then in the spiced sugar. Set aside.nIn a large measuring cup, combine the halfandhalf, pumpkin puree, vanilla, and half the simple syrup and whisk until well blended. Pour in to a pitcher filled with ice. If using the vodka, add it to the pitcher before serving and stir. Pour into the prepared glasses. Top with sparkling water., ingredients: [12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, divided, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons pumpkin puree, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Ice cubes, 4 ounces vanilla vodka, 1 liter sparkling water], title: Pumpkin Pie Martini, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 38618: {instructions: Combine the orange juice and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until reduced to 1 cup. Add the Grand Marnier and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate. The orange syrup can be made up to 1 week in advance and stored in the refrigerator.nIn each of 4 to 6 rocks glasses, stir together 2 tablespoons of the cold orange syrup and a shot of vodka. Add a scoop of ice and top off with club soda. Float a slice of orange on top of each drink and serve., ingredients: [3 cups freshlysqueezed orange juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 6 to 8 ounces vodka, cold, Orangeflavored club soda, cold, to top, 4 to 6 orange slices, for garnish], title: Vodka and Orange, picturelink: null}, 38619: {instructions: Heat the butter in a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until the onion is tendercrisp.nStir the broth, brown sugar, thyme, black pepper and pumpkin in the saucepan and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 10 minutes or until the pumpkin is tender.nStir the apples in the saucepan. Cook for 5 minutes or until the apples are tender. Mash the pumpkin mixture, adding additional broth, if needed, until desired consistency., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, chopped about 14 cup, 34 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu00bf or Certified Organic, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pumpkin or calabaza squash about 2 12 pounds, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces about 5 to 6 cups, 2 medium Macintosh apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1inch pieces], title: Pumpkin Apple Mash, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 38620: {instructions: Whisk the egg white, 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 1 teaspoon soy sauce in a large bowl until frothy. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Refrigerate 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the hoisin sauce, vinegar and the remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 2 teaspoons cornstarch in a small bowl, then whisk in the chicken broth. Set aside.nDrain the shrimp. Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over mediumhigh heat, then stirfry the scallion whites, ginger and garlic, about 30 seconds. Add the shrimp and stirfry until almost cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add the cabbage and stirfry until wilted and the shrimp are just cooked through, about 2 more minutes.nStir the hoisin sauce mixture, then add to the wok and simmer, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens. Serve with rice, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sherry vinegar or rice wine vinegar, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth or water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 scallions, cut into 12inch pieces, white and green parts separated, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 1 pound Napa cabbage 12 head, cut into 1inch pieces, Cooked white rice, for serving optional], title: Shrimp and Cabbage StirFry, picturelink: AaLmAMgN4wuL7sCqjoVxyhF7gdmyr56}, 38621: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMash together cheese, bread crumbs, and walnuts together with a fork add pepper, to taste. Freeze mixture just until firm, about 10 minutes.nScoop out center of bottom of each pear with large end of a melonball cutter, then continue to remove core to make a 14cup cavity. Fill each cavity evenly with cheese mixture and seal bottom with a small piece of bread.nRoll out pastry 116inch thick into a 15inch square on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin. Cut dough into quarters to make 4 equal pieces.nStand 1 pear in center of a pastry square and brush pear all over with egg. Bring 1 corner of pastry up toward top of pear, pressing it against pear to adhere. Repeat with adjacent corner, then generously brush extending pastry fold with egg before pressing closely against side of the pear. Repeat process with remaining 2 corners. Fold top points of pastry 14inch down and brush with egg. Transfer wrapped pear to a buttered large shallow 1inchdeep baking pan and chill while wrapping remaining pears make sure pears are 5 inches apart in baking pan.nChill wrapped pears 30 minutes.nBake pears in middle of oven 20 minutes, or until fruit is just tender when pierced with a knife and pastry is golden and cooked through pastry will shrink a bit. Cool pears at least 15 minutes before serving warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup crumbled Roquefort or other crumbly blue cheese 3 12 ounces, chilled, 6 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs, lightly toasted and cooled, 13 cup chopped walnuts 1 ounce, toasted and finely chopped, 4 small firmripe Anjou pears with stems, 1 slice firm white sandwich bread, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry 12 pound thawed, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Pears Stuffed with Roquefort and Walnuts in Pastry, picturelink: null}, 38622: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the butter, basil, and salt and pepper to taste in a food processor and blend until smooth. Pack the mixture into a medium ramekin, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Split the lobsters in half lengthwise. Bring the knife down through the tail, making sure to cut just through the meat and to leave the shell connected. Lay the lobster open, leaving the two halves slightly attached. Pull off claws and legs from the lobsters and crack them slightly with the knife handle. Place the claws and legs on the grill over mediumlow heat and cover with a pie pan. Cook them for 5 to 7 minutes per side. Brush the lobster bodies with the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place them fleshside down on the grill over medium heat. Grill 8 to 10 minutesnRemove the lobsters and slather with the basil butter., ingredients: [1 pound unsalted butter, 12 cup basil chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 4 2 12 pound whole lobsters, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Grilled Lobster Smothered in Basil Butter, picturelink: 8uSGJBqwYBizvhyxaHZW3N8q7iHB.6}, 38623: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Let sit for at least 1 hour for the flavors to blend. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Will keep in the refrigerator for 3 days., ingredients: [4 kirby cucumbers or 2 regular cucumbers, sliced thin, 2 fresh red Thai chiles, seeded and sliced thin, 1 handful fresh mint, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Spicy Pickled Cucumbers, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 38624: {instructions: Set 2 racks in the middle and upper third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees. In a food processor or the bowl of an electric mixer, thoroughly mix together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, salt and sugar. While pulsing or on low speed, add the butter, then the egg. Process or beat until the dough is thoroughly blended and massed together. Drop rounded teaspoons of batter onto nonstick or parchmentlined cookie sheets at 2inch intervals. With moistened fingers, round out the cookies and flatten them a little. Bake for 9 minutes, turning the pans once for even baking, until the cookies are set. Set the cookie sheets on a rack to cool.nVanillaCream Filling: Put the butter and shortening in a mixing bowl and, at low speed, gradually beat in the confectioners sugar and vanilla, until blended. Turn the mixer up to high and beat for 2 or 3 minutes more, until fluffy.nWith a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch tip, pipe teaspoon size blobs of filling onto the tops of half the cookies. Keeping the smooth bottoms of the cookies facing up, flip the remaining cookies on top of the filling and lightly press to form sandwiches., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa recommended: Dutchprocessed, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 large egg, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Sandwich Cookies with VanillaCream Filling, picturelink: null}, 38625: {instructions: Shell the fava beans from the large long pods in which they are encased. This will reveal the beans in their thin skin from which they must also be removed. Do this by bringing a pot of water to a boil, add the beans to the pot and blanchcook for 2 to 3 minutes before straining the favas and shocking in an ice bath of cold water. The thin skin can now be peeled entirely off by hand to reveal the sweet fava bean. It is now ready to be added to any dish and only requires a few moments of additional cooking time.nClean the morels carefully and trim off the bottom of the stem. Remove all dirt and debris by soaking them in several changes of clean cold water. Next, lay the morels out on paper towels to absorb the excess moisture and air dry. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.nIn a saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the morels and saute 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shallots and cook for 3 additional minutes. Add the fish stock and braise the morels for 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the fava beans and white wine to the morels and continue to cook another 3 minutes. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and add the fresh thyme leaves. Swirl in the cold butter to allow the butter, which adds a creamy texture to the dish, to melt but not separate. Remove promptly from the heat and place the morels and fava beans on a warm serving platter. While the morels and fava beans are cooking begin to cook the whitefish by seasoning the fish with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining olive oil in a second saute pan. Add the fish fillets to the hot oil, skin side down and cook the fillets 2 12 to 3 minutes on each side, before removing and placing on the serving platter with the morels and favas., ingredients: [3 pounds fresh fava beans still in the pod, 12 pound fresh morels, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 3 shallots, finelychopped, 12 cup fish stock, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 4 6ounce fillets of fresh whitefish, skin on, pin bones removed, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Fresh Fava Beans and Wild Morel Ragout with Lake Superior Whitefish, picturelink: null}, 38626: {instructions: Make the dough: Put a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 450 degrees F. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the water and olive oil and mix to make a shaggy, sticky dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead into a smooth and elastic ball, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide the dough in half and shape each half into a flat disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap and let rest in a warm place, 15 minutes.nBrush two large sheets of parchment paper with olive oil. Place a ball of dough between the parchment, oiledsides in use a rolling pin to roll the dough into a 12 to 14inch round, about 18 inch thick. Remove the top piece of parchment and transfer the dough and the bottom piece of parchment to a pizza peel or inverted baking sheet.nSpread 13 cup sauce on the crust scatter with 34 cup mozzarella. Slide the pizza on the parchment onto the hot stone. Bake until the crust is crisp and golden brown and the cheese is bubbling, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool 1 to 2 minutes before slicing. Repeat to make the second pizza.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup water, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 23 cup pizza sauce, 1 12 cups shredded lowmoisture mozzarella cheese about 6 ounces], title: Thin  Crispy Pizza, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 38627: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the broth, soy sauce, sugar, lemon juice and zest, and set aside.nIn a large nonstick saute pan or a wok, heat the oil over high heat. When the oil begins to swirl add the broccoli florets and stalks. Saute while rapidly tossing and stirring. When the broccoli brightens, add the coleslaw mix and baby corn toss to wilt the mix. Once tender, pour in the sauce. Stir to coat and transfer the mixture to a serving bowl. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested, 3 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, stalks peeled and sliced, 1 16ounce bag coleslaw mix recommended: Dole Classic Coleslaw Mix, 1 15ounce can baby corn, drained], title: Quick Veggie StirFry, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 38628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potatoes on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the olive oil and sprinkle the parsley. Toss the potatoes to coat. Roast in the oven, until golden and crispy on the outside, tender and cooked through on the inside, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: KVnIvdNP3Woq0Wki8ApZ1zKCbhBLu}, 38629: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 cake pop sticks or 4milliliter pipettesnFor the cake pop: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter two 9inch cake pans, dust the inside with flour and tap out the excess. Line the bottom of the pans with parchment paper.nMix the cake flour, cinnamon, baking powder and salt in a bowl and set aside. Beat the butter in a stand mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the granulated sugar and beat another 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time and beat thoroughly after each addition. Start adding the flour mixture 1 cup at a time, alternating with the milk and ending with the flour mixture, and beat to combine. Add the vanilla and mix well.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pans and bake until a knife inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Immediately invert the cakes onto a cooling rack and cool to room temperature or chill in the refrigerator.nFor the cinnamon Swiss meringue buttercream: Beat the powdered sugar and egg whites in a stand mixer on medium speed for 5 minutes. Add the butter and beat on medium speed for 10 minutes, scraping the sides of the mixer bowl as needed. Add the cinnamon and vanilla and beat for an additional 2 minutes.nTo make the pops: Break the cooled cakes into handfulsize chunks and place in a stand mixer with the dough hook attachment. On low speed, mix until the cake is in crumbs. Add the buttercream to the cake crumbs 14 cup at a time, just until the mixture becomes a ball of dough that is moldable but not wet or sticky to the touch you will not need much buttercream for this process. Form the dough into 1inch balls using a cake pop roller, cookie dough scoop or tablespoon. Let the balls chill for a few minutes or sit at room temperature while you prepare the melting wafers.nHeat the melting wafers in a microwavesafe bowl in the microwave at half power for 1 minute and then stir. Continue heating in the microwave at half power for 30second increments until melted and only a few solid pieces remain. Stir until smooth. The warmth of the melting wafers will help melt the remaining pieces.nLine baking sheets with parchment paper. If using the pipettes and whiskey, fill the pipettes with whisky and wipe clean with a damp paper towel. Dip the pipette tips or cake pop stick tips about 12 inch into the melting wafers and then poke them into the tops of each cake ball. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to an hour.nMelt the remaining buttercream in a microwavesafe bowl in the microwave at half power in 30second increments until soft. You want this to be a similar consistency to the melting wafers without being greasy. Dip the cake pops into the buttercream and set aside for 5 to 10 minutes. Return the melting wafers to the microwave if needed at half power in 30second increments. Dip the cake pops into the melting wafers, submerging them completely to the stick, making sure there are no holes where the cake is exposed. Place the dipped cake pops onto the parchment paperlined baking sheets to set. Decorate as desired., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for buttering the cake pans, 2 34 cups cake flour, plus more for dusting the cake pans, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 4 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup pasteurized egg whites, 8 sticks 4 cups salted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 pounds white melting wafers, such as Merckens or Clasen, or tempered white chocolate, 12 cup whiskey, such as Fireball Whiskey, optional if using pipettes], title: French Toast Cake Pop, picturelink: 8WugaoZmOT80iWqfPr3WskwfeyI.O7C}, 38630: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: four 6inch wide flat ovenproof dishes, such as terra cotta cazuelasnCoat a saucepan with olive oil, add the onions and bring to a medium heat. Season the onions with salt and sweat until the onions are soft and very aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the chorizo and pimenton and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and season with salt. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOil the cazuelas. Fill each dish about halfway with the tomato sauce. Break 2 eggs into each dish and sprinkle with the manchego cheese. Place the cazuelas into the oven and bake until the egg whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 8 minutes.nWhen the eggs are done, sprinkle with chives and serve with Bloody Marys.nEggselentnIn a large pitcher, combine the vegetable juice, celery salt, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, Sriracha and sherry vinegar. Stir well to combine.nAdd some celery salt to a small plate. Run a lime wedge around the edge of the cocktail glasses and then dip the glasses in the celery salt. Fill the glasses twothirds of the way with ice cubes. Add 2 ounces vodka to each glass and then fill the rest of the way with the Bloody Mary mix. Stir to combine and garnish with celery stalks and olives., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 1 cup 12inch diced Spanish chorizo, 1 teaspoon pimenton, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped with their juice or passed through a food mill, 8 eggs, 12 cup finely grated aged manchego, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Bloody Marys, recipe follows, 1 quart vegetable juice, 3 tablespoons celery salt, plus more for rimming the glass, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 teaspoons Sriracha, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Lime wedges, Ice cubes, Vodka, Celery stalks, for garnish, Large green olives, for garnish], title: Eggs Flamenco with Bloody Marys, picturelink: 8dcSqk0ndAhlNLigikIoVImjit3iu}, 38631: {instructions: To make the mayonnaise: Beat the egg yolks in a mixing bowl. Then drizzle extravirgin olive oil in a thin steady stream while continuously whisking the yolks. Add the salt, to taste, freshly squeezed lemon juice, and continue to whisk the mixture until well blended and creamy.nCut off the top 13 part of each tomato. Then carefully scoop out and discard the inside of each tomato with a spoon.nTo make the filling: Drain the oil from the tuna and place the tuna in a bowl. Then add the parsley. Chop 2 tablespoons capers and add to the mix. Add 34 of the mayonnaise. Mix well. Divide the tuna mixture among the tomato shells. Spoon the mixture into the tomato shells. Top with the remaining mayonnaise and capers., ingredients: [3 raw egg yolks, 1 cup235 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 12 lemon, 4 large firm tomatoes, 2 large cans tuna, packed in olive oil, Bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons42 g capers], title: Giudittas Pomodori Ripieni: Guidittas Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 38632: {instructions: Mash the blackberries and sugar together in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 2 days, stirring occasionally.nAdd the vinegar to the macerated blackberries and refrigerate for another day.nPress the mixture through a fine mesh strainer, discarding the solids.nTransfer your sipping vinegar to a container and enjoy for weeks to come., ingredients: [2 cups blackberries, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups apple cider vinegar], title: Blackberry Sipping Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 38633: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange 3 oven racks evenly spaced in the oven.nLay each kale leaf on a board and, with a small sharp knife, cut out the hard stem. Tear large leaves in half. Place the kale in a large bowl of water and wash it well. Drain the kale and dry it in a salad spinner. Dry the bowl, and put the kale back in the bowl.nToss the kale with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Divide the kale among 3 sheet pans or roast them in batches. If you put too much kale on one pan, it will steam rather than roast and will never become crisp. Roast for 15 minutes, until crisp. Sprinkle with fleur de sel and serve hot., ingredients: [2 bunches curly kale about 2 12 pounds, 14 cup good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fleur de sel], title: Crispy Roasted Kale, picturelink: PRwstYCOvEaXrvQXzgL4mRAStmHC3ti}, 38634: {instructions: Sprinkle the turbot on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a few tablespoons of canola oil in a large saute pan over high heat. When you see a wisp of smoke, add the fillets to the pan do not overcrowd the pan to achieve a proper sear, so cook in batches if you have to. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the butter per fillet to the pan. Cook the turbot on both sides until lightly golden brown and just cooked through, about 2 minutes total. Remove to a plate.nDeglaze the pan with the white wine over mediumhigh heat and let cook all the way down to a dry pan. Add the remaining butter to the saute pan and cook until slightly golden brown. Add the capers and lemon juice, and then add the fish back to the pan. Baste the fish with some of the sauce to warm. Remove from heat, add the tarragon and season with salt and pepper if necessary.nPut each fillet on a plate and spoon the sauce over the fish. Garnish with the lemon zest and a sprig of tarragon., ingredients: [4 turbot fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup drained capers, 1 lemon, juiced and zested, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon, plus 4 sprigs, for garnish], title: Turbot with Brown Butter and Capers, picturelink: XBLY1oHNShHm4YbtlCQEYeEylQWiYa}, 38635: {instructions: In 12inch skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Add sweet onions and thyme cook about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden. Stir in salt and pepper. Remove onions from skillet set aside. Heat oven to 425 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. Spray large cookie sheet with CRISCO Original NoStick Cooking Spray. Unroll pizza crust dough on cookie sheet press dough into 14x10inch rectangle. Bake 7 to 11 minutes or until light golden brown. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, in same skillet, melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Add apple and sugar cook 4 to 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sugar is melted and apple is slightly soft. Spread onion mixture over partially baked crust. Top evenly with chicken, apple mixture, bacon, green onions and cheeses. Bake 10 to 20 minutes longer or until cheeses are melted and crust is golden brown., ingredients: [3 tablespoons LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, 2 large sweet onions such as Maui or Walla Walla, very thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 can 13.8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated classic pizza crust, 1 unpeeled large Red Delicious apple, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon Dominou00ae or CHu00ae Granulated Sugar, 3 cups cubed cooked chicken breast, 13 cup cooked real bacon bits from 3oz. package, 2 medium green onions, sliced 2 tablespoons, 1 12 cups shredded pepper Jack cheese 6 oz., 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar cheese 6 oz.], title: AppleJack Chicken Pizza with Caramelized Onions, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 38636: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace pasta water on to boil. Salt water then add pasta and cook to al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, heat a deep skillet over medium heat with extravirgin olive oil. Saute garlic and onions until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Add tuna and sundried tomatoes and stir to heat through, another 1 to 2 minutes. Add wine and cook it down a minute then add cream and season sauce with salt and pepper. Toss hot pasta and peas with sauce and cheese. Serve on dinner plates and top with shredded basil., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound fettuccine, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 6ounce cans Italian tuna in water or oil, drained, 12 cup tender sundried tomatoes, thinly sliced, available in small pouches in produce department, 12 cup dry white wine, a couple of turns of the pan, 12 cup heavy cream, a couple of turns of the pan, Black pepper, 12 cup frozen peas, a couple of handfuls, Couple handfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup fresh basil, about 20 leaves, shredded], title: Renaissance of Tuna Casserole, picturelink: 3vsuqcq0yLYjGrltVtdhoNW9eTsVq..}, 38637: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the rose petals, sugar, rose water and lemon juice and bring to a boil. Cook until a thick pink syrup forms, about 10 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat oven to 275 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add all of the graham cracker crust ingredients together and press it into the bottom and 1inch up the sides of a springform pan. Refrigerate at least 15 minutes while making the cheesecake filling. Beat all of the filling ingredients together in a medium bowl and pour it over the graham cracker crust.nBake cheesecake for 1 hour. Turn the oven off and leave the cheesecake in oven, with the door closed, for 1 additional hour. Remove the cheesecake from the oven and chill thoroughly. Before serving, beat together the sour cream, sugar, lemon zest and vanilla. In a small bowl. Smooth the sour cream mixture over the top of the cheesecake. Cut into slices and garnish each with rose petal syrup., ingredients: [2 cups highly scented edible, organic rosepetals, thoroughly washed, with buds snipped from bitter whitebase, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons rose water, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 32 ounces cream cheese, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 6 eggs, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 pint sour cream, 12 pint heavy cream, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: New York Cheesecake with Rose Petal Syrup, picturelink: null}, 38638: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a 9inch square baking sheet with foil, allowing the foil to extend over the sides. Spray with nonstick cooking spray.nMix the oats, cranberries, almonds, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl.nCombine the butter, sugar and honey in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring until the butter melts and the mixture begins to boil. Add the vanilla and stir. Remove from the heat.nPour the butter over the oats, mixing until well coated. Transfer to the prepared pan and, using a spatula, press the oats evenly into the pan.nBake until the top is crisp and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool. Using the foil as aid, lift out of the pan and place on a work surface. Crumble into pieces. Serve with berries, plain yogurt and drizzle with additional honey., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup lightly packed brown sugar, 14 cup honey, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Mixed berries, for serving, 1 2pound container nonfat plain yogurt], title: Moms Homemade Granola, picturelink: tbCug9SesvE5SALjans7Uj0UYDeJxV2}, 38639: {instructions: Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silpat a French nonstick baking mat or parchment paper. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine the confectioners sugar and the almonds. Process until finely ground. Add flour and salt and pulse to combine.nScrape the seeds from the pod of vanilla bean. Add to the flour mixture. Reserve the bean for the dusting sugar. Add the butter a few pieces at a time. Quickly pulse to combine. Do not over process. The mixture should resemble coarse meal.nPlace the reserved vanilla bean on a silpat or parchment paper lined baking sheet and let dry out in the oven for 3 to 5 minutes.nRemove the dough to a clean work surface. Blend the dough by pushing it away from you with the heel of your hand. Gather it up with a bench knife and continue with this process, until the dough will peel easily from the work surface in 1 piece.nDivide dough into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a cylinder 58inch in diameter and about 22 inches long. Cut each log into pieces, about 3 inches long. Curve each piece into a horseshoe, and place on the prepared baking sheet about 1 12 inches apart. Bake until lightly golden, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the cookies are baking, cut the reserved dried vanilla bean into small pieces. Place in the bowl of the food processor, fitted with the metal blade, with the remaining cup of confectioners sugar. Process until wellmixed, about 1 minute. Sift the sugar into a small mixing bowl to remove any large pieces of the vanilla bean.nRemove the cookies to a rack to cool. After the cookies have cooled 5 minutes gently toss warm cookies in vanilla sugar, to coat. Remove to a rack to cool completely. Once cooled, dust again with remaining powdered sugar. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 13 cup confectioners sugar, plus 1 cup confectioners sugar, for dusting, 12 cup whole blanched almonds, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 vanilla bean, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, very cold], title: Vanilla Horseshoe Cookies, picturelink: null}, 38640: {instructions: Square off the sides of the polenta. Cut the rectangle into about 45 sticks 2 inches by 14 inch by 14 inch. Add the flour to a shallow baking dish or pie plate. Dredge the polenta sticks in the flour and shake off the excess.nHeat the canola oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Line a baking sheet with paper towel.nCook the polenta fries in batches until golden brown on each side, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to the prepared baking sheet to drain. Season with salt and pepper while hot.nServe with SesameGinger Yogurt Dip alongside.nCombine the yogurt, zaatar, ginger and lime zest and juice in a small bowl. Whisk in the sesame oil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tube precooked polenta about 1 pound, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, SesameGinger Yogurt Dip, recipe follows, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon zaatar, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, Zest and juice from 1 lime, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Polenta Fries with SesameGinger Yogurt Dip, picturelink: elmIAzTGUZ4wOoFl1mWBfWdoeytD05K}, 38641: {instructions: Combine the lettuce and walnuts. In a small bowl, whisk oil into vinegar. Stir in the cheese and pear slices. Toss salad and season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [1 heart romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 bulb endive lettuce, chopped, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed, 1 to 1 12 cups leaves, 1 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup Gorgonzola, 1 pear, sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Sweet and Bitter Greens Salad with Gorgonzola Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 38642: {instructions: Lightly rinse the rice. Put the rice in a small pot with 2 cups of water and let it soak for 30 minutes. Pit the black olives and cut into small pieces. Stir the rice well and place over high heat. Let it come to a boil, then stir well again and turn the heat down to the lowest possible setting. Cover the pot with a tightfitting lid and let simmer for 11 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, still covered, for 5 minutes more. Transfer the rice to a bowl, stir well and let cool for 10 minutes. Stir in the chopped olives, olive oil, and orange zest. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Press the rice in a rice mold or shape by hand, and serve. Japanese rice is very sticky. To keep the rice from sticking to the rice mold, keep both pieces of the mold in water. Fill the mold 23 full with rice and press down with the top part firmly enough for the rice to stick together, but not so firmly that the rice gets mashed. Release the rice from the mold and put on a plate., ingredients: [2 cups shortgrain Japanese rice, 13 cup kalamata or other goodquality black olives, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 orange, zested, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Japanese Rice with Black Olives and Orange Zest, picturelink: null}, 38643: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the green beans in heavily salted boiling water until just tender crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the beans to a salted ice bath. Once cooled, drain well and transfer to a large bowl.nToss the shiitakes with the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread on a baking sheet. Roast until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the green beans.nIn a large 12inch castiron skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the flour and cook until golden brown, 2 minutes more. Pour in the mushroom broth, and bring up to a simmer. Cook until the sauce thickens, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the cream cheese, heavy cream, thyme, salt and pepper. When the cream cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth, remove from the heat and pour into the bowl with the green beans and shiitakes. Set aside.nSpread the Goat Cheese Smashed Potatoes in the castiron skillet. Pour the green bean mixture over the mashed potatoes and top with the fried onions. Bake until all the ingredients are hot and bubbly, 20 minutes.nPlace the potatoes and yams in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until forktender, 15 to 20 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and yams and place in a stand mixer fitter with a whisk attachment. Add the goat cheese, butter and garlic and mix on low just until smooth, being careful not to overmix or the potatoes will become gummy. Season with salt and pepper. If necessary, add the milk to loosen., ingredients: [4 cups 1inch pieces green beans, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces shiitake mushroom, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more to grease the dish, 1 sweet yellow onion, sliced 2 heaping cups, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups mushroom broth, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 3 cups Goat Cheese Smashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 4 ounces fried onions 1 12 cups, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 pound white yams, peeled and cut into 3inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup warm milk, if needed], title: Green Bean and Potato Casserole, picturelink: xSAnyhyzSwiKtq1Am9tAnSET858Bx.}, 38644: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk cornmeal into water, and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add corn, pepper, cheese, butter, and salt. Butter a 7 by 7inch baking dish. Pour polenta into baking dish and bake 45 minutes. Turn on broiler and broil until bubbly, 2 to 3 minutes.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [5 cups water, 1 cup coarseground cornmeal, 1 ear fresh corn, kernels removed, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 34 cup shredded Monterey Jack, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Baked Polenta or Grits, picturelink: null}, 38645: {instructions: In a large bowl, beat the eggs with the sugar and milk. Add the cloves, cardamom, and canela and place mixture in shallow pan.nIn another bowl, combine kiwi, mango, papaya, mint, and orange juice and set aside.nHave a nonstick pan getting warm. Soaking each piece of bread in egg mixture until bread has absorbed some of liquid, about 30 seconds.nAdd 1 teaspoon of butter to the pan and cook bread on each side for 4 minutes until golden brown. Repeat process for the remaining bread.nServe on plate with tropical salsa on top and sprinkle powdered sugar on each., ingredients: [1 large loaf of Cuban bread, cut into 4 equal pieces crosswise, 6 eggs, 14 cup sugar, 1 quart whole milk, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon freshly ground canela cinnamon, 14 cup diced kiwi, 14 cup diced mango, 14 papaya, diced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped mint, 12 cup orange juice, 4 teaspoons butter, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Cuban French Toast with Tropical Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 38646: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFill a large, microwavesafe dish with 12 inch of water. Place squash into the dish and cover. Microwave for about 8 minutes and then drain the squash should be tender enough to mash, but not overcooked.nWith a potato masher, food processor, or fork, mash the squash thoroughly, but do not puree the squash should be pulpy. Add soy milk, syrup, sweetener, salt, egg substitute, vanilla extract, and cinnamon. Mix the ingredients thoroughly, but do not overstir.nTransfer to an 8inch by 10inch baking pan sprayed with nonstick spray. Bake in the oven until mostly firm, 45 to 50 minutes.nTop with mini marshmallows. Return to the oven until the marshmallows begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Allow to cool before serving, ingredients: [8 cups peeled and cubed butternut squash, 23 cup light vanilla soy milk, 23 cup sugarfree pancake syrup, 12 cup granulated nocalorie sweetener recommended: Splenda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 2 cups miniature marshmallows], title: I Cant Believe Its Not Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 38647: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, heat oil. Remove from heat and add the finely chopped garlic. Stir for 30 seconds, and return skillet to low heat. Add the broccoli and toss until broccoli is coated with oil. Add the Sauvignon Blanc, and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer uncovered for 5 minutes. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Transfer the broccoli to a heated bowl with a slotted spoon. Boil the liquid in the skillet over high heat until reduced to 12 cup. Pour liquid over broccoli and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large bunch broccoli, cut into floret, 1 12 cups Sauvignon Blanc, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Broccoli in Wine, picturelink: null}, 38648: {instructions: The chutney needs to go into sterilized pint jars. The easiest way to do this is to put them and the lids in the dishwasher on the hottest cycle to wash and dry. Take them out when you are about ready to use them and dont touch the insides of the jars with your hands. Alternatively, put the jars and lids into a very large pan of boiling water and boil for a couple of minutes before taking them out to dry on paper towels. You will also need to boil the equipment you use to take the jars out of the pan. At this stage, the jars can be placed into a lowtemperature oven to dry. Make sure they are not cracked.nPut the apples, onions, sugar, vinegar, cinnamon and black pepper into a large pot over medium heat. Stir gently to combine. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 45 to 55 minutes, stirring occasionally. The apples and onions should be lovely and soft and the liquid should be thick and syrupy.nAdd the blackberries and cook for another 10 to 12 minutes.nWhile the chutney is hot, use a sterilized ladle to fill the sterilized jars. Put the sterilized lids on and set aside to cool. Store in a cool, dark place. The chutney will keep for up to 4 months., ingredients: [2 12 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into large chunks, 3 medium onions, finely sliced, 1 14 cups sugar, 23 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 grinds fresh black pepper, 1 pint blackberries], title: Apple, Blackberry and Cinnamon Chutney, picturelink: null}, 38649: {instructions: Place the shallots in a bowl. Add the white balsamic vinegar, set aside for 15 minutes. Add the extra virgin olive oil and whisk to emulsify. Season to taste with salt. Reserve 34 cup vinaigrette to dress the salad. Save the remaining 34 cup for the Mango Vinaigrette.nPlace the mango and the tablespoon of olive oil and sugar to a blender. Blend on low speed for 30 seconds slowly pour in the remaining 34 cup of the White Balsamic Vinaigrette. Continue to blend until smooth. Season with salt.nCrumble the feta cheese in a large bowl and add the diced mango and a pinch of salt. Add the mixed greens and toss with enough White Balsamic Vinaigrette to completely coat the greens, adding more vinaigrette or salt to taste.nSlice each avocado half vertically into approximately 14inch slices, while still leaving the halves intact. Lightly salt the surface of each avocado and set aside for plating.nOn each plate, drop 1 tablespoon of Mango Vinaigrette in one corner and spread across the plate with the back of a spoon to the opposite corner in a halfmoon shape. Spread the slices of each avocado half with both hands to elongate into one strip. Curve each strip into a circle shape and place one avocado ring in the corner of each plate at the tip of the Mango Vinaigrette with the open part of the avocado facing the center of the plate. Place 14 of the salad in the center of each avocado ring. Garnish with 23 of each flower. Serve., ingredients: [White Balsamic Vinaigrette recipe follows, salt to taste, 1 Tbsp. sugar, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 4 14 oz. mango, small dice, 8 oz. extra virgin olive oil, 3 oz. white balsamic vinegar, 14 oz. shallot, minced, 2 each large Fresh California Avocados, peeled, seeded and halved, 4 oz. spring mixed greens, 6 oz. barrel aged sheep and goats milk feta cheese, 8 12 oz. mango, small dice 2 mangos, Mango Vinaigrette recipe follows, 6 oz. White Balsamic Vinaigrette], title: Avocado And Mango Salad, picturelink: Pw1okncLM7G8VKY6A8ypVwaHNMT.MA2}, 38650: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse and dry the pork shoulder. Salt and pepper liberally. Mix the oregano and the cumin with olive oil and rub all over pork. Place the pork in a slow cooker and top with the onion, garlic, and jalapeno. Squeeze over the juice of the orange and add the two halves. Cover and cook on low for 8 to 10 hours or on high 4 hours.nOnce the meat is tender, remove from slow cooker and let cool slightly before pulling apart with a fork. In a large saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. Press the carnitas into the oil and fry until crusty on one side. Serve., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless pork shoulder or 2 12 pounds bonein, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and ribs removed, chopped, 1 orange, cut in half, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Pork Carnitas, picturelink: h7iHz4JKT5eofuemUCm7f3.kXkSW6}, 38651: {instructions: Combine oil, rosemary, garlic and onion in a large bowl. Add the chickens and turn to coat, cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Remove chicken from marinade, truss, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat roasting pan over high heat and sear bird. Place in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and continue roasting, basting with the pan juices until the chicken is cooked through and golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes more.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a medium saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Rub the cut side of the lemon with olive oil and sear in the hot pan cut side down. Turn the lemons over and place the pan in the oven and cook until almost soft. Reserve and serve as a garnish.nPlace lemon juice in a nonreactive pan over high heat and reduce to 14 cup. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high and add the wine and the port and cook until dry. Add the chicken stock and cook to a sauce consistency. Strain through a fine strainer into a clean saucepan. Add the reduced lemon juice and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the capers and butter and season with salt and pepper to taste.nCoarsely grate the potatoes. Dry thoroughly by rubbing them between two clean kitchen towels. Place the grated potatoes in a large bowl, mix in the herbs and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat the oil in a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium high heat until almost smoking. Add the potatoes in a flat even layer. Shake the pan frequently to prevent the galette from sticking. After 3 to 4 minutes, invert the potatoes onto a plate and carefully slide them back into the pan, reduce the heat to low and continue cooking for another 20 to 30 minutes. Cut into wedges., ingredients: [34 cup olive oil, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, 8 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 2 chickens, about 2 12 pounds each, Salt and pepper, 4 lemons, sliced in half horizontally, Olive oil, 3 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup port, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, Salt and pepper, 4 large Idaho potatoes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flat leaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Rosemary Marinated Chicken with Roasted Lemon Sauce, Capers and Herbed Potato Galette, picturelink: null}, 38652: {instructions: Cut peeled bananas in half crosswise and insert a skewer into each half. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour. Microwave chopped semisweet chocolate about 1 ounce per skewer in 20second intervals, stirring, until melted. Dip the bananas in the chocolate press 2 candy eyeballs available at craft and partysupply stores into each and let set, about 10 minutes. Microwave marshmallows about 2 per skewer until puffed, 10 to 15 seconds. Stir until smooth let cool slightly. Using a spoon, scoop up some of the marshmallow it will stretch into a thread and wrap it around the bananas. Transfer to a parchmentlined plate and freeze until serving.nPhotograph by Victor Prado, ingredients: [], title: Banana Mummies, picturelink: B9rLUQkm529om213ypLkdVTiMe7r6L6}, 38653: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. BBQ or boil all seafood: lobster 5 to 10 minutes, shrimp 3 to 5 minutes, crab 3 minutes. Remove shells from the seafood and chop. Chop all seafood and set aside. Mix together Ritz cracker crumbs, Hungarian pepper, salt and pepper and set aside. Carefully remove the stems from the mushrooms, chop finely and set aside. Add olive oil to a saute pan and add garlic. After 1 minute, add the chopped green pepper and onion. Continue to saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add chopped mushroom stems and saute until cooked. Saute over medium heat until the mixture is reduced. Add the seafood mixture and mix well. Remove from the heat and stir in the Ritz crumb mixture. In a separate bowl blend the egg and water. Add the eggwater mixture to the pan and mix well. Stuff each mushroom cap with a small portion of the seafood mixture. Brush with melted butter and top with cheese. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 5ounce lobster tail, 12 shrimp, fresh or frozen, thawed, 1 small bunch crab claws, 1 cup Ritz cracker crumbs, Hungarian pepper, Salt, Pepper, 1 pound large mushrooms, Olive oil, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup green pepper, chopped, 4 green onions, chopped, 1 egg, 1 cup water, 14 pound melted butter, 1 cup Monterey Jack cheese], title: Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 38654: {instructions: For the slaw: Toss together the peanuts, cilantro, chiles, mango, papaya and scallions in a large mixing bowl.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the vinegar, honey, fish sauce, chili powder, mustard, lime zest and lime juice in a small mixing bowl. Continue whisking while slowly adding the oil until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the slaw and toss to combine. Garnish with additional peanuts and cilantro, with a dash of chili powder on top., ingredients: [12 cup roasted peanuts, roughly chopped, plus more for serving, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, plus extra leaves for serving, 1 serrano chile, julienned, 1 large mango, julienned 2 cups, 12 medium green papaya, julienned 4 cups, 12 bunch scallions about 4, julienned, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 14 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Papaya Slaw with Spicy Honey Vinaigrette, picturelink: VbkHoTpZScbXio0vB6HlIoYWyYaTTe}, 38655: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the chopped shrimp, bamboo shoots, salt, chicken bouillon powder, sugar, sesame oil, pepper, and cornstarch into a thick shrimp paste.nForm the shrimp paste into 10 oval shaped balls. Open one end of the ball to stuff in the crab claw. Make sure the shrimp ball only covers the meat part of the claw and a small part of the shell so that the claw shell will stick out of the shrimp ball like a drumstick.nRoll the stuffed shrimp ball in the bread crumbs.nDeep fry in 350 degree oil for 5 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined, and chopped, 5 ounces bamboo shoots, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 12 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon pepper, 8 teaspoons cornstarch, 10 cocktail crab claws, 34 cup bread crumbs, 6 cups frying oil], title: Stuffed Crab Claws, picturelink: null}, 38656: {instructions: Bring a mediumsize pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add orzo and cook about 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain immediately and rinse with cold water.nPlace the orzo in a bowl and combine with the fresh apricots, fresh and ground coriander, scallions and almonds. Toss with 4 to 5 tablespoons of the ginger oil, until the pasta is just moist. Season with salt and pepper. Squeeze the fresh lemon juice on the salad and mix., ingredients: [8 ounces a scant 1 13 cups orzo, 1 cup fresh apricots about 4, peeled and diced or 4 ounces dried apricots, julienned, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh coriander, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 13 cup thinly sliced scallions, 13 cup sliced toasted almonds, 4 tablespoons ginger oil, squeeze of half lemon, salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Orzo Salad with Fresh Apricots, Pistachios and Ginger Oil, picturelink: null}, 38657: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the paprika, granulated garlic, salt, onion powder, cumin, black pepper and cayenne in a small mixing bowl. Place the pork in a large mixing bowl and stir in the spice mix to incorporate completely.nForm the pork mixture into 2ounce balls. Place onto a baking sheet and into the oven, roasting for 10 to 15 minutes.nArrange on a serving dish and serve immediately garnished with the parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound ground pork, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Spicy Chorizo Meatballs, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 38658: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon corn oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute onions for 3 minutes, until translucent. Add corn and roasted red peppers saute for 5 minutes or until the corn is fully cooked. Season with sugar, salt and pepper. Transfer mixture to medium bowl, stir in cheese and heavy whipping cream. Let cool.nOn a cutting board, place 6 empanada shells side by side. Place a spoonful of the corncheese filling on 1 side of the circle. Moisten the tip of your finger with a small amount of water and moisten the edges of the circle with your finger. Fold the dough over the filling to make a half circle. Press the edges with a fork to seal.nSpray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Place the empanadas on prepared baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the egg and water to make egg wash. Brush the top of the empanadas with the egg wash and bake for 20 minutes or until top is browned.nLet cool and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon corn oil, 1 medium yellow onion, peeled and sliced, 1 cup frozen corn, 14 cup roasted red peppers, thinly sliced, Pinch sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded Mozzarella cheese, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 package 5inch frozen empanada shells, Cooking spray, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water], title: Argentinean Corn Empanadas, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 38659: {instructions: Cook the egg in a pan of simmering water for 10 minutes. Cool under cold running water and peel.nMeanwhile, combine the anchovies, garlic, lemon juice and zest, and egg yolks in the bowl of a food processor and process to blend. Add the water and blend again. Then, with the motor running, gradually pour in the oil through the feed tube and process to emulsify. Scrape out into a salad bowl. Stir in the cheese and season with salt and pepper. Add the greens and toss to coat. Taste, for seasoning, and grate the egg over the top., ingredients: [1 whole egg, 2 anchovies, 1 garlic clove, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoRomano, 2 romaine hearts, chopped, 12 bunch watercress, trimmed and torn into pieces], title: Romaine Hearts with a Lemony Caesar Dressing, picturelink: null}, 38660: {instructions: For the sausage: Mix the sausage, syrup, sage, salt, fennel seeds, garlic, onion and red pepper together in a large bowl.nFor the burgers: Form the pork sausage into 4 patties, about 3 inches in diameter. Sprinkle both sides of each patty liberally with salt and pepper.nHeat a grill, grill pan or castiron skillet over high heat, adding 2 tablespoons canola oil if applicable. Cook the patties for approximately 3 minutes, then flip and top with 1 slice of cheese cover to melt. Continue cooking for an additional 3 minutes for medium, or continue cooking to your desired doneness. Remove and tent with foil.nIn either the same skillet that you used to cook the pork patties or a clean skillet with the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil, bring to medium heat. Crack the eggs into the skillet and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook the eggs just until the whites have set before carefully flipping avoid breaking the yolk.nBuild the burgers by placing each cooked patty on the English muffin bottoms. Top with the crisped bacon and fried eggs. Smear the tops of the English muffins with the Spicy Ketchup and place on top of the other ingredients. Serve immediately.nWhisk together the ketchup, lemon juice, chili powder, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce together until combined., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 4 slices American cheese, 4 large eggs, 4 English muffins, sliced, buttered and toasted, 8 slices bacon, crisped, Spicy Ketchup, recipe follows, 14 cup ketchup, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon hot sauce], title: Breakfast Burger, picturelink: null}, 38661: {instructions: Heat 14 cup of the olive oil over medium in a cast iron skillet large enough to accommodate 16 poached eggs. If you dont have a skillet that large, use two pans, dividing the ingredients evenly between them. Add the onions, bell peppers, garlic, dried lime if using, paprika, cumin, coriander, and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables haven softened but not browned, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato puree and sugar and simmer until reduced by about onethird, 10 to 12 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 14 cup oil. Crack the eggs into the skillet, spacing them evenly in the sauce. Lower the heat, cover, and cook until the egg whites are set but the yolks remain runny, about 5 minutes. Top with serrano chiles and cilantro and serve immediately right from the pan.nPhotograph copyright u00a9 2015 by Michael Persico, ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 onions, chopped about 3 cups, 4 red or green bell peppers, chopped, 6 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 tablespoons ground dried lime optional, 6 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 cups tomato puree, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 16 large eggs, Serrano chiles, thinly sliced, Fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Shakshouka, picturelink: YeX4mLmuFpMTtCOHoZTF5edTZdc46XW}, 38662: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nTo make the dough, combine flour, sugar, salt and butter in a bowl with your hands until it resembles a coarse meal. In a separate small bowl combine the ice water and vanilla and add it to the flour mixture and combine until the dough forms a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate it for 30 minutes.nOn a lightly floured board roll out the dough to 14inch thick and large enough to fit into a 9inch tart pan. Trim the edges and prick the bottom of the dough with a fork. Line the crust with parchment paper and weigh it down with dry beans. Bake the dough in the oven for 20 minutes and then remove.nLower the oven temperature to 375 degrees.nIn an electric mixing bowl beat softened butter and sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the beaten egg and combine. Stir in almonds, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg. Spoon the mixture into the baked tart shell and top with the quartered figs. Bake the tart for 25 minutes or until golden brown.nTo make the sauce, in a saucepan combine the red wine, figs, sugar and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil and simmer until the wine is reduced by half.nRemove the cinnamon stick and transfer the sauce to a blender and puree. Strain into a saucepan and simmer until lightly thickened. Let cool 1 to 2 minutes.nBrush the sauce over the tart and serve with more sauce on the side.nSuggested wine: Bukkuram, Moscato Passito di Pantelleria, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 12 cup cold, unsalted butter, cut into bits, 4 tablespoons ice water, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 23 cup finely ground blanched almonds, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 12 pound figs, stemmed and quartered, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 3 figs, stemmed and quartered, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 cinnamon stick], title: Fig and Almond Tart, picturelink: null}, 38663: {instructions: Chicken:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the chicken with the citrus juices, lemon zest and salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit for a few minutes.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, remove the chicken from the marinade, shaking off the excess. Do not discard the marinade. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste, and sear on both sides in the hot oil. Transfer the chicken to a baking sheet and finish cooking the chicken in the oven. Cook until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 10 to 12 minutes. Reheat the same saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the marinade and deglaze the pan. Stir with a wooden spoon and scrape up any brown bits on the bottom. Add the orange zest and the chicken broth and simmer to reduce by 23.nPotatoes: Peel and cut the potatoes into small chunks. Add them to a medium pot over medium heat. Cover with water and bring to a simmer. Cook them until al dente. Drain the potatoes well. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the potatoes and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and gently stir in the capers, black olives and feta cheese. Season salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with basil, mint and parsley.nArrange the chicken on a serving platter and serve with the potatoes., ingredients: [2 chicken thighs, bonein, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1 cup chicken broth, 3 russet potatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons capers, 12 cup pitted and chopped black olives, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Basil leaves, for garnish, Mint leaves, for garnish, Parsley leaves for garnish], title: Zesty Roasted Chicken with Mediterranean Potatoes, picturelink: 9Alsgfkdcgi4bKD6pwEdVdF1ZBwLG.}, 38664: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning a few times until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain, then cut each slice in half. While the bacon is cooking, pulse the basil, olive oil, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a mini food processor or finely chop the basil and whisk with the other ingredients until smooth. Add the mayonnaise and pulse until just combined. Toast the bread and spread evenly with the basil mayonnaise. Divide the peaches, bacon and arugula among half of the bread slices top with the remaining bread slices. Serve with cornichons.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [8 slices thickcut bacon, 14 cup packed fresh basil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon or lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 8 thick slices multigrain bread, 2 peaches, halved, pitted and thinly sliced, Baby arugula, for topping, Cornichons or other pickles, for serving optional], title: Bacon, Peach and Arugula Sandwiches, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 38665: {instructions: Combine the sweet paprika, smoked paprika and hot paprika, and the garlic powder in a small bowl. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper, and then sprinkle evenly, but sparingly, with the paprika mixture, and rub it in.nHeat a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat, and add enough oil to coat the bottom of the skillet. When the skillet is hot, add the fish and sear on one side until dark, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the lemon zest and shallots to the skillet. Flip the fish add the butter and almonds and cook, basting the fish using a large spoon, until the almonds brown and the fish tests tender in the center when poked with a fork or toothpick, 2 to 3 minutes. Pick out the lemon zest and discard.nTransfer the fish, along with the shallots, almonds and some of the butter, to plates and serve right away., ingredients: [1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon hot paprika or ground chipotle pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Four 6ounce skinless, boneless monkfish fillets or catfish or burbot, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying, 4 wide strips lemon zest, 2 medium shallots, quartered, 4 to 5 tablespoons salted butter, 13 cup sliced almonds], title: Monkfish Almondine, picturelink: null}, 38666: {instructions: Husk the corn, and slice the kernels off the cobs, and place into a medium saucepan. Add the cream and bring to a boil, lower to a simmer, and let it cook and reduce until the liquid is thicker, the corn is plumped up, and the volume of liquid is reduced by about half, about 10 minutes.nTake the saucepan off the heat, and stir in a good nub of butter, add some coarse salt and pepper, to taste. The finished result will still be a little firm to the tooth, but sweet and creamy, as well., ingredients: [3 ears corn, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 to 2 tablespoons or 1 big nub of butter, Coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Corn, picturelink: null}, 38667: {instructions: Line an 8inch square baking pan with parchment paper overlapping the sides for easy lifting.nIn a heavy bottomed 3quart saucepan over medium heat, mix the sugar and the water over medium heat. Cook until the mixture reaches the soft ball consistency, or a temperature of 235 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Stir in the coconut, cardamom and add food coloring, if using. The toffee should be a pale, gentle pink.nQuickly spread the mixture evenly into the prepared pan, firmly pressing it into the corners. Allow it to cool and harden takes a number of hours. Cut or break into delicate squares or pieces and enjoy, ingredients: [Baking spray, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 2 cups unsweetened desiccated coconut also called finely grated, Pinch ground cardamom, Drop pink food coloring, optional], title: Coconut Toffee, picturelink: nFCpPildQAgdg8dz1z39Cq6rM6N6.Bi}, 38668: {instructions: Season the steak with salt and pepper to your liking. Cut steak into 4 equal pieces. Place it over the grill for 9 minutes total or to your degree of doneness.nThe secret is making the beef is knowing when the grill is hot. The best way to find out is to place your hand about 2 centimeters over the grill and count to ten., ingredients: [24 ounces beef, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bife de Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 38669: {instructions: Cook 1 diced red onion in 1 tablespoon canola oil in a saucepan over high heat until soft. Stir in 1 grated peeled 2inch piece of ginger and 1 diced serrano chile cook 30 seconds. Add 1 cup water and 12 cup sugar cook until the sugar dissolves. Add half a 12ounce bag cranberries cook until the berries pop and the sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Add the rest of the cranberries cook 1 minute. Off the heat, stir in 2 tablespoons honey, the grated zest of 1 lime, and salt and pepper. Let cool slightly, then stir in 14 cup chopped cilantro.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: CranberrySerrano Relish, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 38670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil. Add the onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a simmer and let cook for 10 minutes. Reserve 1 12 cups of the sauce for the online round 2 recipe Eggplant and Pasta.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSet up a breading station using 3 baking dishes. In the first dish, add the flour and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In the second dish whisk the eggs with 12 cup water. In the third dish combine the bread crumbs, cornmeal, 2 tablespoons Parmesan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slice the eggplant into 34inch slices. Dredge them in flour, then in the egg wash and then in the bread crumbs. Arrange the eggplant on 2 sheet trays fitted with a racks and bake in oven until crispy, about 20 to 25 minutes. Reserve 4 slices of eggplant for the online round 2 recipe, Eggplant and Pasta.nTurn the oven to broil. Put the eggplant, overlapping, into a baking dish in 2 rows. Cover each row with about a cup of sauce and sprinkle with the mozzarella cheese and remaining 2 tablespoons of Parmesan. Put under the broiler until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 3 to 4 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 12 cup water, 1 cup dried Italian bread crumbs, 12 cup cornmeal, 14 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 2 eggplants, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Crispy Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: guRQ1aQcEzDz4hS9MeIJEkyUDE1aEi}, 38671: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease cake shaped pan.nUsing an electric mixer, cream butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar, eggs and vanilla together. Stir in flour, baking soda and salt. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Scoop into pan. Bake for approximately 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on baking sheet or cooling rack., ingredients: [1 cup soft butter, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 medium eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups rolled oats, 1 cup butterscotch chips, 34 cup chopped pecans], title: Oatmeal Scotchie Cookie, picturelink: kXFiiW8x9ngjla02c2CpCFQ31Ugxu}, 38672: {instructions: Handling the chuck as little as possible, divide it into fourths, shape each fourth into a ball, and with your thumb make a depression in the center or each ball. Fill each depression with a piece of the cheese and 1 teaspoon of the chiles and form the meat around the cheese mixture into a 1inch patty. Season the hamburgers with salt and black pepper and grill them on oiled hot grill pan for 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat.nMake the guacamole while the hamburgers are grilling: Halve, pit, and peel the avocado, in a bowl mash the flesh coarse with a fork, and stir in the lemon juice, tomato, scallion, cumin, cilantro, and salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the hamburgers to the buns and top them with the guacamole., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chuck, 1 2ounce piece Monterey Jack, cut into 4 pieces, 4 teaspoons finely chopped seeded pickled jalapeno chiles, 1 avocado preferably Haas, 2 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 13 cup finely diced seeded tomato, 3 tablespoons minced scallion, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste, 4 sesame hamburger buns or English muffins, split and toasted], title: Guacamole Hamburgers with Monterey Jack and Chiles, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 38673: {instructions: Mix all the burger ingredients together except the olive oil. Form into 4 12inch thick burgers. Brush burgers lightly with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook in a nonstick skillet over medium heat until browned and cooked through, about 5 to 8 minutes on each side, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the sides of the burgers registers between 165 and 170 degrees F. Set aside to rest for 5 minutes. Serve on a toasted bun with the accompaniments., ingredients: [1 pound ground lean chicken, 12 cup finely grated zucchini, 12 cup finely grated carrot, 4 chopped scallions, white and green parts, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 whole wheat burger buns, Sliced tomato, cucumber, lettuce, red onion and some plain yogurt], title: Chicken Veggie Burger, picturelink: null}, 38674: {instructions: In hot pan, heat oil. Add clams, garlic and shallots and saute for approximately 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, white wine, and fish stock and cook until clams open. Add sea scallops, mussels, shrimp, and marinara. Cook 3 minutes. Add squid and cover and cook just until mussels and clams open. Discard any unopened mussels or clams.nBring 6 quarts salted water to a boil. Cook angel hair approximately 6 or 7 minutes until al dente. Drain well and place into 4 hot bowls.nArrange seafood around plate. Add butter and herbs to sauce. Stir until butter is melted. Spoon over pasta and garnish with fresh thyme., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 clams, scrubbed, 1 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 cup fresh diced tomatoes, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups fish stock may substitute chicken stock, 12 sea scallops, 28 mussels, washed and debearded, 12 jumbo shrimp, cleaned, peeled and deveined, 2 cups marinara sauce, 12 pound or 2 cups fresh squid, cleaned and cut, 1 pound angel hair pasta, 2 ounces cold butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup chopped mixed herbs parsley, basil, thyme], title: Cappelini Pescatore, picturelink: null}, 38675: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: In a medium nonreactive saucepan over high heat, reduce the wine to 14 cup. Place it in a blender with the vinegar, mustard and honey and blend until combined. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. May be refrigerated up to 2 days. Bring to room temperature before using.nMake the lamb: Soak 8 bamboo skewers 6 inches long in water for 2 hours or overnight. In a large bowl, combine the garlic, olive oil, rosemary and lamb and marinate the lamb 4 to 6 hours in the refrigerator. Prepare a grill or broiler. Thread the lamb cubes and roasted onions on the skewers and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill until rare to mediumrare, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Place the skewers on a serving platter and drizzle the Rioja vinaigrette over them. Can serve with instant couscous made with chicken stock.nBlue Cheese Dressing: Whisk together the creme fraiche, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon juice and oil and season with salt and pepper. Fold in blue cheese and romano.nSalad: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over high heat until smoking. Add the ham and cook until crisp. Place the endive and frisee in a large bowl, toss with some of the dressing and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the greens among four plates and top with some of the ham. Place 3 pear slices around the plate and sprinkle with some of the almonds., ingredients: [1 bottle Rioja red wine, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon Mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 heads garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 12 cups pure olive oil, 8 rosemary sprigs, 4 pound lamb loin, cut into 2inch cubes, 32 roasted pearl onions, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons walnut oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons romano cheese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 pound serrano ham, cut into thin slices, 2 heads endive, sliced in half lengthwise, then sliced crosswise into thin slices, 12 pound frisee, Salt and pepper, 2 ripe pears, Anjou or Bartlett, halved, pitted and sliced 14inch thick, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, Blue Cheese Dressing], title: Skewered Lamb with Rioja Red Wine Vinaigrette and Endive Salad with Blue Cheese, Serrano Ham and Pears, picturelink: null}, 38676: {instructions: Trim the squashes and cut them into 14 inch dice. In a heavy skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and add 13 of the diced squashes and some salt and pepper. Saute briefly over high heat, stirring often until lightly browned and slightly softened. Transfer to a bowl to cool and cook the remaining 2 batches in the same way, seasoning each batch. Cook the diced onion in the remaining olive oil in the same skillet over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 20 seconds more. Add the cumin, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add to the squashes in the bowl. Add cooked rice, vinegar and chopped parsley, and adjust the seasonings. Serve immediately on lettuce lined plates, if desired, or refrigerate for up to 3 days., ingredients: [5 to 6 assorted small squashes such as zucchini, yellow summer squashes, or patty pans, 12 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 cups cooked rice, aromatic is best, 2 tablespoons white or cider vinegar, 1 bunch parsley, leaves only, washed, dried and coarsely chopped, Lettuce leaves, for serving optional], title: Rice Salad with Squashes, picturelink: null}, 38677: {instructions: Heat a pot of water to a boil for pasta. Salt boiling water and cook pasta to al dente. Heads up: reserve a ladle of the hot cooking water just before you drain pasta.nPlace the frozen spinach on a plate and microwave to defrost it according to your microwaves directions. Place defrosted spinach in a clean kitchen towel and wring out the liquid.nHeat a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Halve the zucchini lengthwise then thinly slice into half moons and add to the pan along with the mushrooms. Cook 2 to 3 minutes then add onions and garlic to the pan. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. When the onions are tender, about 5 minutes, add defrosted spinach, separating into small bits as you handle it, and the roasted red peppers and toss to heat through. Transfer veggies to a dish and return skillet to stove top. Add remaining 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil and the butter. When the butter melts into extravirgin olive oil, add 2 rounded tablespoons of flour and cook a minute or so, then whisk in stock and milk. Bring to a bubble and thicken the sauce, reducing it 2 to 3 minutes. Season the sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Slide vegetables back into sauce.nPlace the partskim ricotta in a large shallow bowl and combine with a ladle of boiling, starchy pasta cooking water. Stir to combine then add in a couple of handfuls of grated cheese.nDrain pasta and toss with cheeses. Add half the vegetables and sauce to pasta and toss to combine. Tear or shred basil and toss into pasta. Adjust seasonings. Top bowlfuls of Vegetable Notsagna with remaining veggies in sauce and pass extra grated cheese at the table., ingredients: [1 pound curly pasta recommended: campanelle or cavatappi by Barilla, Coarse salt, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 medium zucchini, 12 cremini or baby portobello mushrooms, sliced, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 roasted red pepper, drained, pat dry, quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup vegetable or chicken stock, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg, eyeball it, 1 12 cups part skim ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, a couple of handfuls, plus some to pass at the table, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, about 20 leaves], title: Vegetable Notsagna Pasta Toss, picturelink: null}, 38678: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 mini muffin tins with mini muffin liners, or set out 20 mini muffin liners on a baking sheet. Lightly spray liners with nonstick spray and sprinkle the hazelnuts into the bottom of each muffin liner.nWhisk the flour, cocoa, wheat germ, oats, spices and salt together in a medium bowl.nWith an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and sugar in another bowl until combined, about 2 minutes. Add the egg yolks and beat together. Add dry ingredients and mix until just combined.nScoop a tablespoon of dough about 34 ounce into the mini muffin tins or liners, on top of the nuts. Alternatively, drop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto a parchmentlined baking sheet and top with chopped nuts. Bake until the cookies are cooked through and nuts are toasty, about 15 minutes drop cookies will bake slightly faster. Transfer cookies to a rack to cool. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup hazelnuts, finely chopped, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 cup wheat germ, 12 cup rolled oldfashioned oats, 12 teaspoon freshly ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks], title: Chocolate Oat Cakes Scotland, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 38679: {instructions: Bring a large kettle or pot of water to a boil. Season the chicken and sausage with 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and the marjoram. Heat the olive oil in a heavybottomed pot over high heat. Add the chicken and sausage and brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon.nAdd the onions, garlic, bay leaves and tomato puree to the pot. Reduce the heat and cook, stirring, until the oil turns deep red and the onions are tender, 6 to 8 minutes. If the onions are sticking, add a splash of water and scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.nAdd the spaghetti to the onion mixture and stirfry until golden, about 6 minutes. Add the chicken and sausage and enough boiling water to cover the pasta by 12 inch. Simmer, stirring once or twice, until the pasta is al dente and the sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with cheese, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 12inch chunks, 12 pound sweet or hot Italian sausage, cut into 12inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram or oregano, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 34 cup tomato puree, 12 ounces spaghetti, broken into 3inch pieces, Grated manchego or parmesan cheese, for garnish optional], title: SpanishStyle Noodles with Chicken and Sausage, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 38680: {instructions: Heat oven to 200 degrees F. Spread kataifi in a single layer on a baking sheet. Place in oven, turning occasionally until dry, about 20 minutes. In the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment, combine the highglutenflour, rye flour, salt, and yeast. Mix until well blended. With machine running, gradually add about 2 14 cups warm water 100 degrees F until dough comes together around hook. Continue mixing until dough is elastic and pulls away from sides of bowl, about 3 minutes. Turn out onto a floured work surface. Shape into a ball, and cover with a clean kitchen towel. Set aside for 40 minutes. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Divide dough into 1 1 pound piece and 1 2 pound piece. Keep smaller piece covered with a kitchen towel while working with the larger piece. Form larger piece into a cone shape. The round half will become the face. Stretch the pointed end of the cone, and curve it to 1 side to form cap. With smaller piece, form 2 1 12ounce balls for the pompom and nose, 2 1inch rounds for the eyes, 1 8 by 1 12 by 14inch rectangle for the hat brim, 12 round 14 inch thick and 8 inches in diameter with a 6inch radius for the beard, and 1 12 round 14inch thick and 5 inches in diameter with a 1 12inch radius for the mustache.nTransfer to baking sheet. Fit the rectangle onto base of cap for the brim. Take 1 1 12ounce ball, and attach to end of cap for the pompom. Place the second 1 12ounce ball on face and press into dough to make a nose. Press the 2 rounds for the eyes onto the face and place 1 raisin in each round. Using a knife, cut vertical slits in larger half round, to make beard. Attach to lower half of face. Cut horizontal slits in smaller half round. Gather in center, and press into face forming mustache and mouth. Cover with a clean kitchen towel, and let rise for 15 to 30 minutes. Brush face and beard with egg yolk. Add red food coloring to egg yolk, and brush hood and tip of nose. Place in oven. Lower oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until it sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom, about 1 hour. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Brush brim of hood and pompom with apple jelly. Sprinkle with kataifi or coconut., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped kataifi or coconut, 5 cups highgluten or bread flour, 1 cup rye flour, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 1 cake 35ounce fresh yeast or 1 package 14ounce active dry yeast, 2 14 cups warm water, 2 raisins, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 12 ounces red food coloring, 14 cup apple jelly or apricot jam, melted], title: Santa Bread, picturelink: null}, 38681: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nToast the bread crumbs in a dry skillet over medium heat until browned and fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and set aside. Add the olive oil, onions, garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper to the skillet and cook until onions are tender, about 8 minutes. Let cool slightly. Add the onions to the bread crumbs along with the meat, cheese, and Worcestershire sauce. Toss and mix gently. Add the eggs and stir to coat the meat completely.nTransfer to a foillined sheet pan and gently press into desired shape. Bake until an instant read thermometer registers 160 degrees F in the center of the loaf, about 45 minutes.nTent the meatloaf with foil and let rest for 15 minutes while you make the gravy or you can make the gravy while the meatloaf is baking.nGravy: Cook the onions, garlic, and oregano in the olive oil and butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until browned, about 6 minutes. Add the tomato paste and bay leaf. Stir until paste turns brick red and garlic is fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth and crushed tomatoes. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to maintain a simmer and cook sauce until it thickens, about 5 minutes. Whisk in Parmesan cheese, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Discard the bay leaf and transfer the sauce to a gravy boat. Slice the meatloaf and serve with the gravy.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [12 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds meatloaf mix or pork and beef combo, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 medium onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bay leaf, 1 15ounce can lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15 12ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Meatloaf with Tomato Gravy, picturelink: null}, 38682: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the vinegar, lemon juice, parsley, oregano, garlic and red pepper flakes in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Transfer the mixture to a piece of cheesecloth or a kitchen towel and wring out the excess liquid. Place the mixture in a small bowl and stir in the butter.nTransfer the chimichurri butter to a sheet of plastic wrap and shape it into a log. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until it has hardened.nMeanwhile, bring large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the corn and boil until it is tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and transfer to a serving platter. Place a disk of chimichurri butter on each ear of corn and serve sprinkled with Cotija cheese and a lime wedge on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 34 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes optional, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, Salt, 6 ears corn, husked, Grated Cotija cheese, for serving, optional, Lime wedges, for serving, optional], title: Hot Corn with Chimichurri Butter, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 38683: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and lightly flour a 9inch cake pan. Be sure to remove any excess flour from the pan.nWhisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl.nWhisk together 8 tablespoons of the butter with the buttermilk, eggs and vanilla in a small bowl until smooth.nPour the butter mixture into the cornmeal mixture and stir until thoroughly combined. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan and bake until a cake tester comes out clean, about 30 minutes.nLet cool for 15 minutes before removing from cake pan. Mix the honey and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter together in a small bowl, then spread all over the top of the cornbread to finish. Serve immediately or at room temperature., ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for buttering the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the pan see Cooks Note, 1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Sweet Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 38684: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a pie plate, beat the egg whites, egg, milk, salt and vanilla with a whisk until blended. In a 12inch nonstick skillet, melt 1 teaspoon butter or transfatfree margarine on medium heat.nDip the bread slices, one at a time, in the egg mixture, pressing the bread lightly to coat both sides well. Place 3 or 4 slices in the skillet, and cook until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until lightly browned on the second side, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the French toast to a cookie sheet keep warm in the oven. Repeat with remaining butter or margarine, bread slices and egg mixture., ingredients: [2 large egg whites, 1 large egg, 34 cup lowfat 1percent milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons butter or transfatfree margarine, 8 slices firm wholewheat bread], title: Healthy French Toast, picturelink: null}, 38685: {instructions: Preheat oven to 440 degrees F.nHalve 18 of the grape tomatoes. In a baking dish pour in 14 cup olive oil. To that add banana peppers, and 12 of the tomatoes. Mix to coat all with oil. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon sea salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Bake uncovered ideally in convection oven until they start to brown about 15 minutes.nIn a pot heat 14 cup olive oil and add 13 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 teaspoon sea salt, natural brown sugar, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 teaspoon course ground black pepper. Stir over high heat. Add the remaining whole tomatoes and continue to mix until the tomato skins start to peal about 4 minutes. Pour entire contents of this pot into a blender. To this add cilantro, the roasted tomato mixture and chicken broth. Blend until fairly smooth about 15 to 20 seconds.nPour entire contents into pot, add 6 ounces of vegetable juice, bring almost to a boil and reduce to a simmer.nIn a medium mixing bowl beat egg until it produces a light foam and beat in the lemon juice. To this add the remaining 6 ounces vegetable juice and beat again. Slowly mix in 1 cup of the hot soup. Take soup off the heat and slowly mix this mixture into the soup. Add 2 tablespoons heavy cream and stir over medium heat until it starts to bubble. Remove from heat.nIn a skillet add 6 tablespoons butter, melt butter over medium heat, add 23 cup of finely chopped red onion and garlic. Saute for about a minute and then add 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper and 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper. Continue sauteing until the onions are soft and translucent. Then add crab boil seasoning and cream sherry. Turn heat up until mixture comes to a bubble then lower to medium heat and stir until it starts thickening to almost a light syrup consistency. Once it has thickened add crab base and make sure it is incorporated well. Then add 23 cup heavy whipping cream stir over medium to high heat until it starts to bubble. Then add 1 cup of crabmeat and mix well, once it comes to a bubble again remove from heat.nFor each serving:nAdd 12 cup of the tomato soup to bowl, to this add 23 cup of the crab soup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan. And 14 teaspoon of the red lump fish caviar and mix well. Float a tablespoon of the crab soup in centernGrate some more Parmesan on top. Add freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and servenI like to garnish with blue crab claws sauteed in butter and cream sherry and or some caviar. When in season I like to use fresh crab roe.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 14 pounds extrasweet grape tomatoes, divided, 12 cup olive oil, 2 small sweet banana peppers, seeded and quartered, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 cup chopped red onion, 1 teaspoon natural brown sugar, 34 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, divided, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 23 cup chicken broth, 12 ounces vegetable juice recommended: V8, 1 egg, 1 small lemon, juiced about 14 cup, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 6 tablespoons sweet cream salted butter, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 18 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 23 cup high quality cream sherry sweet, 12 teaspoon crab base, 1 cup fresh lump blue crabmeat steamed or boiled, 12 cup good quality grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons red lump fish caviar, rinsed and strained], title: Blushing She Crab Soup with a Twist, picturelink: bs.5.WRDWaUSsG8XP1gE.iirUrWvzuy}, 38686: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta according to package directions. Drain and set aside or refrigerate until later in the week.nIn a large skillet, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. In a food processor, pulse the shallots and garlic until minced. Add shallots and garlic to skillet and saute for 1 minute. Add oregano, basil and red pepper flakes and stir to coat. Add the diced tomatoes and tomato sauce and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 10 minutes. To the simmering sauce, add shrimp, cover skillet and simmer for 2 minutes, until shrimp are bright pink and cooked through. Pour sauce over linguine and serve with Wilted Mustard Greens.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add brown sugar and cook until sugar melts, about 2 minutes. Add mustard greens and 2 tablespoons water, cover pan and steam for 2 to 3 minutes until greens wilt. Season, to taste, with salt and ground black pepper.nPlace the garlic cloves in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the garlic is finely minced. Spoon the minced garlic into a jar and pour over enough oil to cover the garlic. Seal well and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound linguine pasta, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 shallots, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Wilted Mustard Greens with Brown Sugar, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons PreChopped Garlic, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 bunch mustard greens, chopped, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 head garlic, peeled, Olive oil, to cover], title: Shrimp Marinara over Linguine, picturelink: Ys71VQratv11Ff6xCYqPEkPph1gXeGC}, 38687: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add kosher salt, to taste. Quickly blanch cabbage leaves and kale leaves until softened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and cool. Blanch the vegetables in the same water, about 3 to 4 minutes or until tender.nIn a small pot, bring 2 cups of water to a boil. In a medium bowl pour in the couscous and cover with the hot water. Place plastic over the top of the bowl and let sit until the couscous absorbs the water, about 15 to 20 minutes. Season the couscous with olive oil, herbs, salt and pepper. Add in the vegetables and tomatoes. Season with the red wine vinegar.nLay out the cabbage and kale leaves and overlap them. Place a spoon of the couscous in the center and wrap like a burrito. Wrap with plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour.nIn a large saute pan, heat enough olive oil to lightly cover the bottom of the pan over high heat. Sear the couscous crepinette on all sides until lightly browned, about 5 to 6 minutes. Let rest. Serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 large leaves savoy cabbage, 6 large leaves kale, 2 cups diced carrots, baby squash, baby beets, zucchini, cauliflower, 1 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for searing, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, savory, and thyme, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper, 14 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Vegetable Couscous En Crepinette, picturelink: null}, 38688: {instructions: Gnocchi: In a small saute pan over high heat add the cippolini and Vidalia onions and the shallots. Season with salt and pepper. Continue to stir until the onions begin to brown and become loose. Remove from pan and place in the refrigerator. To make the gnocchi, puree the onions in a food processor. Place the puree in a bowl. Add the flour in small amounts and mix until well incorporated. Knead the dough for approximately 1 minute. Divide the dough and roll each portion into a long log about as thick as a penny, using a lightly floured surface. Cut into small pieces about 12 inch. Place the gnocchi on a floured pan and refrigerate. Place the gnocchi in a pot of boiling water and cook until they begin to float, 1 to 2 minutes. When cooked place in an ice water bath. When cool, remove from ice water and refrigerate.nPorcini Butter: Dice porcinis and butter into small pieces. Place ingredients into a food processor and puree. Mix until incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.nTo Finish: In a saute pan over medium heat, add the butter. When the butter is just turning brown add the gnocchi and baby shiitakes and stir. When the gnocchi beginnings to brown, add the Madeira and Marsala and reduce for about 3 minutes. Finish with the porcini butter.nPlace the gnocchi and baby shiitakes around the plate, spooning the sauce over the gnocchi and the mushrooms. Top with the daikon sprouts to serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 cup sliced Vidalia onions, 12 cup sliced cippolini onions, 12 cup sliced shallots, Salt and pepper, 14 to 34 cups flour, 1 cup porcinis, 8 ounces butter, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup baby shiitake mushrooms, 2 tablespoons Madeira, 2 tablespoons Marsala, 1 pint daikon sprouts], title: Three Onion Gnocchi, Baby Shiitake, Porcini Butter with Daikon Sprouts and Oven Dried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 38689: {instructions: PREHEAT oven to 450 degrees F.nPREPARE the shrimp according to package directions.nCOMBINE alfredo sauce and marinara. Spread over pizza crust. Sprinkle cooked bacon crumbles and half of the mozzarella over pizza crust. Scatter cooked shrimp over pizza and top with remaining cheese.nBAKE pizza for 10 u2013 15 minutes or until cheese is melted. Slice and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 20 oz package SeaPaku00ae Popcorn Shrimp or SeaPaku00ae Shrimp Poppers, 34 cup alfredo sauce, 34 cup chunky marinara sauce, 3 Tablespoon precooked bacon crumbles or 3 strips of bacon cooked and crumbled, 1 large 14 premade pizza crust, 1 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Casino Popcorn Shrimp Pizza, picturelink: null}, 38690: {instructions: Puree 1 bunch cilantro, 14 red onion, 2 garlic cloves, 12 cup beer, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and 1 teaspoon cumin in a blender. Fry the mixture in a pot with a few tablespoons of oil, stirring, until fragrant, 5 minutes. Add 2 cups longgrain rice stir until glossy. Add 2 cups chicken broth and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in 1 cup thawed frozen peas and carrots let sit 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Spiced White Rice, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 38691: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nLine a cookie sheet with foil, for easy clean up. Cut potatoes into wedges and drop onto cookie sheet. Coat potatoes in oil. Season with dried spices and grill seasoning or salt and pepper. Roast, turning once, 25 minutes., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pounds red potatoes, washed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, enough to coat, 2 tablespoons Herbes de Provence or dried parsley, sage, rosemary, thyme, combined, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: McCormick Montreal Seasoning or 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper], title: Herbes de Provence Red Potato Oven Fries, picturelink: null}, 38692: {instructions: Working in a small bowl and using a rubber spatula, thoroughly combine the ingredients. Store covered in the refrigerator until ready to serve. The cream will keep for about 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream you can use nonfat, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 38693: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill with mediumhot coals or turn a gas grill to mediumhigh heat.nGrill the bread for 2 minutes, until golden on one side. Place the bread grilled side up on a platter and immediately rub the cut side of the garlic clove over the surface of the bread. For really garlicky fettunta, rub hard. Drizzle a tablespoon of olive oil over each slice of bread.nPlace the torn prosciutto over the grilled side of the bread and top with the grated mozzarella. Return the bread to the hot grill, cover the grill, and cook for 1 to 2 minutesjust long enough to melt the cheese and rewarm the toast. Be sure the vent is open so the fire doesnt go out Drizzle with a little more olive oil, sprinkle with parsley, salt, and pepper, and serve hot., ingredients: [6 slices good Tuscan round bread, sliced 34 inch thick, 1 large garlic clove, cut in half, Good olive oil, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto torn in pieces, if desired, 2 ounces fresh smoked mozzarella, grated, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Bread with Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 38694: {instructions: In a large soup pot or Dutch oven, saute the onions, garlic, and celery in the olive oil over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the crab boil seasoning, lemon pepper seasoning, and Worcestershire sauce. Stir until all the vegetables are coated with seasoning and spices. Add all the other ingredients except for the crab. Simmer over low heat until potatoes are soft, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nWhile the soup is cooking, pick through the crab meat just to ensure that all shells are removed. Stir in crab the last 10 minutes of cooking., ingredients: [14 cup chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 quarts chicken broth, 2 cups water, 2 cups baby potatoes, cut into cubes, 12 cup green beans, 1 cup corn, One 28ounce can San Marzano diced tomatoes with juices, 1 bay leaf, 1 pound crab meat], title: Chef Stuarts Maryland Crab Soup, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 38695: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix all dry ingredients together. Mix all wet ingredients together. Combine wet and dry ingredients together, mixing as little as possible to incorporate all ingredients. Oil or spray a large 12muffin tin. Divide batter evenly into tin, bake for about 30 minutes., ingredients: [14 oz. soy protein isolate, 10 oz. buckwheat flour, wholegroat, 3.7 oz. nuts, walnuts, English or Persian, dried, 1 14cup sugar, fruit or brown, 5 Tbs. baking powder, doubleacting, straight phosphate, 7 Tbs. vegetable oil, canola, 3 34cup apples, raw, with skin, 10 oz. egg, white, raw, fresh, 2 12 tsp. cinnamon, ground, 1 14 tsp. nutmeg, ground, 2 12 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 12cup water], title: Zoned Apple Walnut Muffins, picturelink: null}, 38696: {}, 38697: {instructions: Special equipment: ice cream machinenA full 24 hours before you make your frozen yogurt, place your ice cream insert into the freezer.nAdd the sugar, vanilla, blueberries and lemon juice to a saucepan over medium heat and stir well. Press the berries with the back of a wooden spoon so the berries burst. When the sugar has dissolved, remove from the heat. Let cool then refrigerate until well chilled, about 2 hours.nAdd the chilled berry mixture to a food processor. Pulse until smooth, then add the yogurt and continue to blend until completely mixed.nTurn your ice cream machine on and pour in the yogurt mixture. Churn until the mixture looks slushy, like soft serve, 12 to 15 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the freezer for several hours until its scoopable., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, One 12ounce bag frozen blueberries, thawed, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 cups plain wholemilk Greek yogurt, chilled], title: Blueberry Frozen Yogurt, picturelink: LVCejvTMWnpItQBuzn58x6.j5tzC.bi}, 38698: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pieces of citrus and the sugar in the bottom of a pitcher. Using a muddler or the handle of a wooden spoon, crush and mash the fruits to release the oils and juice from the rind. When you have some nice juice in there and the sugar begins to dissolve, add the liquor and stir to combine. Fill lowball glasses with ice cubes and pour the cocktail over the ice. Do not remove the pieces of crushed fruit. Garnish with mint and lime. Use fresh sugarcane sticks as stirrers, if desired., ingredients: [1 small orange, chopped, 1 lime, chopped, 1 lemon, chopped, 1 cup sugar, 1 bottle cachaca sugarcane brandy, Ice, Fresh mint and lime slices for garnish, Fresh sugarcane sticks, for serving, optional], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 38699: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, mustard and honey together in a large bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while whisking to emulsify the dressing.nAdd the collards, hazelnuts and cheese to the bowl. Using clean hands, work the dressing into the leaves, massaging them for almost 1 minute. The acid will break down the leaves a bit and tenderize them. Season the salad with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon honey, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 8 cups loosely packed thinly sliced collard greens stems removed, 1 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped, 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Collard Salad with Walnuts, Pecorino and Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: dPk9mS0Q0i5cF9bjATau1sKOIHh.d1i}}