{3600: {instructions: Heat oil in large pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add mushrooms and cook until golden brown. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Divide mizuna and mushrooms among 4 plates. Drizzle with the White Truffle Vinaigrette and sprinkle with sage.nPlace shallots, vinegar and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running add olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add truffle oil, salt and pepper and blend for 2 seconds more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 portobello mushrooms, stems removed, cleaned with a brush and cut into 14inch slices, 12 chanterelle mushrooms, cleaned with a soft brush, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 4 cups mizuna greens, rinsed well and dried, White Truffle Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup sage leaves, cut into chiffonade, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste], title: Wild Mushroom and Mizuna Salad with White Truffle Vinaigrette and Sage, picturelink: null}, 3601: {instructions: killnskinnplucknboil, ingredients: [2 honey hams, 3 hot dogs, 4 buns, 1 turkey], title: QA V1.0.113, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 3602: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the roasted salsa: Position a rack on the top of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, the tomatoes, garlic, jalapeno, onions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the vegetables on a baking sheet and roast until soft, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the roasted vegetables to a food processor with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cilantro, vinegar, sugar and lime juice. Pulse until chunky. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, for the lime tortilla chips: Place the chips on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake, about 5 minutes. Drizzle with the lime zest, lime juice and toss. Serve with the roasted salsa., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slicing tomatoes, quartered about 3 pounds, 2 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, 1 white onion, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons white distilled vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, Juice of 2 limes, One 12ounce bag corn tortilla chips, Zest of 2 limes, Juice of 1 lime], title: Lime Tortilla Chips and Roasted Salsa, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 3603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chocolate pasta dough: Place the cake flour, allpurpose flour, cocoa powder, salt and egg yolks in a food processor. Pulse to combine. With the machine running, gradually add the oil, and then 13 to 12 cup water until the mixture forms a dough the dough should stick together if pinched between your fingers. If necessary, add additional water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if the dough is too dry.nPlace the dough on a lightly floured surface. Gather the dough into a ball and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nCut the dough into quarters and press flat. Run each piece of pasta dough several times through a pastarolling machine, adjusting the setting each time until the pasta is about 18 to 116 inch thick. Cut the pasta into fettuccine noodles. Coat the cut pasta with cocoa powder to prevent sticking.nFor the chocolate fettuccine with peas: In a small bowl, combine the mascarpone, Parmesan and vanilla and set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the vegetable oil.nPlace a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta to the skillet and cook, stirring frequently, until golden and crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on a papertowellined plate. Add the butter and stir over medium heat until melted. Reduce the heat and simmer until frothy. Continue to cook until the butter has a nutty aroma and turns a caramel color, about 3 minutes. Add the sage leaves and cook until they are browned and toasted, about 2 minutes. Remove the fried sage to a papertowellined plate. Keep the pan over low heat, stir in the peas and cook until they are warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until tender but firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the pasta. Add the pasta, pancetta and most of the sage leaves to the skillet and toss gently to coat with the browned butter and peas.nTo serve, add a dollop of the mascarpone mixture. Gently run a vegetable peeler over the chocolate to create chocolate curls. Sprinkle the curls over the pasta along with a few fried sage leaves., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup 4 ounces mascarpone, at room temperature, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Salt, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces pancetta, finely diced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves about 10 leaves, 12 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, One 2ounce block bittersweet chocolate], title: Chocolate Fettuccine with Peas and Pancetta, picturelink: I.Ec.rt6.BK75wCoyASYGDQja2ld9nu}, 3604: {instructions: Clean wings and cut into three pieces: tip, middle and drumstick. Place the drumsticks into 1 plastic bag. Place the middle part of the wing into the other plastic bag. Reserve tips for another use.nAdd hot sauce to both bags to taste. If someone doesnt like them as hot as others do, just add hot sauce to one of the bags. Remember which one you added it to.nAdd half of the Southwest spice to one bag, and the other half to the other bag. Mix wings until evenly coated. Refrigerate for several hours up to overnight, shaking the bag once every 3 to 4 hours.nPreheat grill. Place drumsticks on one half of the grill. Place the middle part of the wing on the other half of the grill. Turn often until cooked thoroughly. Spray apple juice on any flareups.nServe with celery and blue cheese or Ranch dressing.nMix well and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 to 10 pounds chicken wings, 14 cup Southwest spice, divided recipe follows, Hot sauce to taste, Apple juice in a spray bottle, 2 resealable plastic bags, 2 tbsp chili powder, 2 tsp ground cumin, 1 tbsp paprika, 1 tbsp hot paprika, 1 tbsp dried oregano, 1 tsp cayenne pepper, 1 tbsp garlic powder, 2 tsp crushed red pepper, 1 tbsp salt, 1 tsp black pepper], title: Tommys Wings, picturelink: null}, 3605: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nInto each jar, layer 14 cup sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and 14 cup of marshmallows. Repeat with remaining jars and ingredients. Screw on the lids and affix a label with the recipe below:nTo serve: Remove the marshmallows to a plate and mix together the remaining ingredients in the jar. Bring 1 cup of milk to a simmer over low heat. Add 3 tablespoons of hot cocoa mix and stir until completely combined. Pour into cups or mugs and top with marshmallows before serving., ingredients: [4 8ounce jelly jars with lids, 2 cups cocoa powder, 1 cup sugar, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup mini marshmallows], title: Hot Chocolate Jars, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 3606: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large Dutch oven or ovenproof stockpot over medium heat. Add onion and saute 2 minutes. Add chicken and saute 5 to 7 minutes, until browned on all sides. Remove 12 the cooked chicken for later in the week, cover and refrigerate.nIn a small bowl, combine flour, thyme, salt, pepper, and paprika. Add flour mixture to the chicken and stir to coat. Stir in carrots, celery, potatoes, tomatoes, chicken broth, wine, and Dijon mustard and mix well. Bring mixture to a boil. Cook until vegetables are tender.nTransfer stew to a clean 2quart casserole dish and stir in corn.nPlace pie crust on top of casserole and pinch around the edges to seal the crust to the dish. Brush the top with beaten egg and prick the surface 1 or 2 times with a sharp knife or fork to allow steam to escape during cooking.nPlace casserole dish on baking sheet and bake 8 to 10 minutes, until crust is golden., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 4 boneless chicken breast halves cut into 1 to 2inch cubes, about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoons dried thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 4 medium red potatoes cut into 1inch cubes, 1 14 12ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, 9inch refrigerated pie crust, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 3607: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish with margarine.nPeel the potatoes and yams. Place the potatoes and yams in a large pot of water. Bring to a boil reduce the heat. Boil gently until the potatoes and yams are tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the potatoes and yams from the water. When cool enough to handle, slice into rounds and set aside. Peel, core and slice apples.nPlace one layer of yams, apple slices and then sweet potatoes in the greased baking dish repeat and make at least two layers of each. Top with the golden raisins.nTo make a glaze, in a small pan stir together the honey, orange juice, cinnamon and vanilla extract. Stir over low heat until the consistency is even. Pour the glaze over the yam, sweet potato and apple slices.nBake, uncovered, until browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Margarine, for greasing, 3 large sweet potatoes, 3 large yams, 4 Red Delicious apples, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup honey, 14 cup orange juice, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 12 cup powdered sugar], title: Sweet Potato and Apple Casserole, picturelink: null}, 3608: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and 13 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, then the lemon juice. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low mix in the dried pineapple, then the flour mixture until combined. Cover and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the crushed pineapple, cream cheese, the remaining 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, the vanilla and lemon zest in a bowl with a rubber spatula, breaking up any large pineapple pieces. Refrigerate until slightly firm, at least 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll the dough into 1inch balls arrange 2 inches apart on the baking sheets. Indent each with the back of a floured 14 teaspoon measuring spoon brush with milk.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are slightly puffed, 10 to12 minutes. Remove from the oven andreindent spoon in the filling. Return to the oven until lightly browned, 6 to 8 more minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets transfer to racks to cool completely. Top with dried pineapple.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup plus 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup dried pineapple chunks, finely chopped, plus more for topping, 13 cup canned crushed pineapple in juice, 1 12 ounces cream cheese, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Milk, for brushing], title: Pineapple Thumbprints, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 3609: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut the wings tips off the wings and reserve for another use, such as stock. Cut the wings in 12 at the joint.nIn a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, and salt. Add the wings and toss them until coated well. In another bowl, toss together the breadcrumbs and caraway seeds and coat the wings with the crumb mixture.nBake the wings on a rack in a shallow roasting pan, turning once, until lightly browned, about 30 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds chicken wings, 23 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups fine fresh rye bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds], title: Mustard Caraway Chicken Wings, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 3610: {instructions: Combine the parsley, walnuts and garlic in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the olive oil and process until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the Pecorino and vinegar and season with salt.nOn the bottom half of each sandwich roll, layer 1 ounce provolone, 2 ounces roast beef, 2 teaspoons pesto and 1 tablespoon sundried tomatoes. Top with the top half of each roll.nBrush both sides of the sandwich lightly with olive oil. Cook in a panini press until golden on both sides and the cheese melts, about 5 minutes. Or cook on a griddle or pan with a sandwich weight over mediumhigh heat and until golden on both sides and the cheese melts, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 cup walnut halves, 1 clove garlic, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing, 14 cup freshly grated PecorinoRomano, 12 teaspoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 4 ciabatta rolls, split for sandwiches, 4 ounces sliced provolone, 8 ounces sliced roast beef, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, finely chopped], title: Roast Beef Panini with Walnut Pesto, picturelink: 1wSZ5vPUWYU309vlm.7cabXtsBO.6j.}, 3611: {instructions: In top of double boiler combine egg yolks with sugar. Whisk in scotch, set pan over cold water and heat mixture over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until water reaches boiling point and sauce is smooth and creamy. Transfer to a sauceboat., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup single malt scotch], title: Single Malt Scotch Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 3612: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse together the pecans, dates and 14 teaspoon salt until crumbs form. Grease 14 cups of a mini muffin tin with coconut oil and press the nut mixture evenly in the bottom and up the sides freeze until firm, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small pot, whisk together the eggs, egg yolks, lemon zest and juice, maple syrup and 14 teaspoon salt. Add the 6 tablespoons oil and cook over mediumlow heat, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 8 minutes strain using a sieve and refrigerate until set, at least 1 hour. Dollop into the prepared nut crusts and top each with a berry., ingredients: [1 cup pecan halves, 6 medjool dates, pitted, Salt, 6 tablespoons coconut oil or unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 2 large eggs, 2 egg yolks, Zest and juice of 2 lemons about 12 cup juice, 14 cup pure maple syrup, Mixed berries, such as strawberries, blueberries and raspberries], title: NoBake Summer Pie Minis, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 3613: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the stock to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the porcini mushrooms. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside for 30 minutes until the mushrooms are tender. Using a slotted spoon, remove the mushrooms and set aside.nReheat the stock to a simmer and keep warm over low heat.nIn a large, heavy saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and mushrooms and cook until the onions are tender but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add the wine and simmer until the wine has almost evaporated, about 3 minutes. Add 12 cup of warm stock and stir until almost completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue with remaining stock, adding 12 cup at a time, and allowing each addition to be absorbed, until the rice is tender to the bite and the mixture is creamy, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the Parmesan, Gorgonzola, chives, salt and pepper. Transfer the risotto to a serving bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 12 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup 3 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Gorgonzola and Porcini Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: h9Rh4QTv3x4UYdQVrSO8dBZ97PTz0Za}, 3614: {instructions: Cut the quince paste into 1inch cubes and roll them in the crushed almonds. Cut the cheese into 1inch cubes.nPut a quince cube onto a toothpick, then a watercress leaf followed by a cube of cheese. Place on a platter and serve.nNote: ParmigianoReggiano can be substituted for the Manchego. Quince paste can be found in cheese shops or Latin markets., ingredients: [1 pound quince paste, see note, 1 cup almonds, roasted and finely chopped, 1 pound Manchego cheese, see note, 1 bunch watercress], title: Manchego Quince Skewers, picturelink: bAjnlFOhwcKW1bJSD3310LzwChHCmJO}, 3615: {instructions: Mix the mustard and mayonnaise in a small bowl. Lay out 3 slices of bread and brush each with about 1 teaspoon of the mustard mixture. Top each piece of bread with 1 slice each of cheese, turkey and ham. Cover with another slice of bread and brush with another teaspoon of the mustard mixture top each sandwich with another slice each of cheese, turkey and ham. Brush the remaining 3 bread slices with the mustard mixture and place mustardside down on top of the sandwiches.nTrim the crusts, then wrap the sandwiches tightly with plastic wrap. Chill in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes and up to 6 hours. Wrapping the sandwiches helps keep them compact.nWhisk the eggnog and nutmeg in a shallow bowl. Unwrap the sandwiches and dip in the eggnog, turning to coat both sides. Melt half of the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the sandwiches and cook until the undersides are golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining butter, flip the sandwiches and cook until golden on the other side, about 3 more minutes.nCut the sandwiches into quarters. Dust with confectioners sugar, if desired, and serve with cranberry sauce.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons mayonnaise, 9 slices white sandwich bread, 6 slices muenster or gouda cheese, 6 slices ovenroasted turkey leftover or delisliced, 6 slices baked ham leftover or delisliced, 12 cup eggnog, Generous pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Confectioners sugar, for dusting optional, Cranberry sauce, for serving], title: Eggnog Monte Cristos, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 3616: {instructions: Make the rolled stuffed chicken: In a skillet cook the sausage over moderate heat, stirring and breaking up the lumps, until it is no longer pink and let it cool. Transfer the sausage with a slotted spoon to a food processor, add the egg, and pulse the mixture for 30 seconds, or until the sausage is chopped fine but not pureed. In a large saucepan cook the spinach in water clinging to the leaves, covered, over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is wilted. Drain the spinach in a colander, refresh it under cold water, and squeeze dry. Chop the spinach coarsely and sprinkle it with salt and pepper. In a skillet heat the olive oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it cook the garlic, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the spinach, cook the mixture stirring 2 minutes, and let it cool.nFlatten the chicken breast between sheets of dampened wax paper until it is about 14inch thick, form it into a rectangular shape skinned side down, and sprinkle it with lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Spread the spinach evenly on top of the chicken, leaving a 12inch border all around, spread the sausage mixture evenly on top of it, and beginning with the long side roll the chicken jelly roll fashion to enclose the stuffing, forming a log. Stretch the reserved chicken skin to form a rectangle 2 inches wider than the log and roll the skin around the chicken, covering as much of it as possible. Tie the rolled chicken at 1inch intervals with the kitchen string, pat it dry, and season it with salt and pepper. In an oven proof skillet heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the chicken. Bake the rolled chicken, seam side down, in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes and let it stand, covered for 10 minutes.nMake the sauce while the chicken is baking: In a skillet cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring until it is softened, add the bell peppers, and cook the mixture, covered stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Add the stock and the wine and bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture covered for 10 minutes. Add the jalapeno pepper, the lemon juice, and the salt and pepper to taste and puree the mixture in a blender. The sauce may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nDiscard the strings from the rolled chicken and cut the chicken crosswise into 12 or 16 slices. Pour about 13 cup of the sauce, heated, on each of 4 heated plates and arrange 3 or 4 chicken slices on each plate., ingredients: [12 pound hot Italian sausage, casings discarded, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 2 pounds spinach, washed well and coarse stems discarded, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 whole chicken about 1 pound completely boned but left intact, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup chopped onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large red bell pepper, chopped fine, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped fine, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon seeded and minced pickled jalapeno pepper, or to taste wear rubber gloves, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste], title: Rolled Stuffed Chicken with Hot Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3617: {instructions: Pour the whole bottle of wine into a pasta pot and add about the same amount of water. Salt the liquid and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the pasta and cook until just shy of al dente. Heads up: Remove and reserve 1 cup of cooking water just before draining.nMeanwhile, heat a deep skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat with the extravirgin olive oil. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp, 2 to 3 minutes, then add the garlic and swirl it around for 2 minutes more. Add the kale, let it wilt and then season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, to taste. Add the reserved cooking liquid, drained pasta and the grated cheese. Toss vigorously for at least a full minute, then serve in shallow bowls. Pass the Pecorino to shave over the pasta at the table., ingredients: [1 bottle dry Italian red wine, Salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, smoked pancetta, or speck, chopped into fine dice, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 bundles black, Tuscan, or Dinosaur kale, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, plus a chunk to shave at table], title: Drunken Spaghetti with Black Kale, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 3618: {instructions: In a blender, combine the tequila, orange liqueur, passion fruit puree, lime juice, and simple syrup. Add the ice and blend., ingredients: [2 ounces tequila, 1 ounce orangeflavored liqueur, 1 ounce passion fruit puree, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 ounce simple syrup, 1 cup ice], title: Passion Fruit Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 3619: {instructions: Whisk together the ketchup, lime juice, soy sauce, shallot, radish, ginger, chile, sugar and cilantro in a medium bowl and season lightly with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving. Can be made 8 hours in advance and refrigerated, do not add the cilantro until ready to serve.nHeat the grill to high.nToss the shrimp with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place onto skewers and grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side until lightly golden brown and just cooked through. Serve sauce in a bowl, surrounded by the shrimp., ingredients: [1 14 cups ketchup, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 4 radishes, very thinly sliced on a mandoline, 2 tablespoons finely grated fresh ginger, 1 Thai bird chile or 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound large 21 to 24 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Grilled Shrimp with Asian Style Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: Oc6YLccNVxDhjKCc0GlYaxc3F9BJEy}, 3620: {instructions: Heat the milk in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat until a thermometer registers 185 degrees F. The milk should be steaming but not boiling. Turn off the heat and slowly whisk in the dry milk. Whisk in the maple syrup, if using. Let the milk mixture cool to 110 degrees F, 20 to 30 minutes. Whisk in the plain yogurt.nPour the milk mixture into a large jar or glass bowl. Cover with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap vented with a few holes. Set aside in a warm place 90 degrees F to 105 degrees F, such as near a heater or in a cooler with a thermos filled with hot water, 12 to 18 hours. The longer it sits, the thicker and tangier the yogurt will be.nTransfer the yogurt to the refrigerator chill at least 8 hours. Stir before serving.nCombine 6 cups diced peeled Granny Smith apples, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, a pinch of salt and 14 cup water in a skillet over medium heat. Simmer until soft, stirring, about 30 minutes.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 14 cup nonfat dry milk, 14 cup maple syrup optional, 14 cup plain yogurt with active cultures, 6 cups diced peeled Granny Smith apples, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, a pinch of salt, 14 cup water, a pinch of salt], title: Homemade Yogurt With Apple Compote, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 3621: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Melt the butter and chocolate. Beat the eggs and vanilla do not over beat. Sift and fold in the flour, mochi flour, baking powder, and salt to the butter mixture followed by the sugar. Fold in the egg mixture until incorporated. Then fold in coconut flakes. Pour into an oven proof dish or pan and bake in the oven for 15 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces butter, 4 ounces white chocolate, 6 eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup mochi flour, 34 cup cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups sugar, 34 cup coconut flakes], title: Butter Mochi, picturelink: null}, 3622: {instructions: Preheat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 turns of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, about 2 tablespoons, and 2 tablespoons of butter. While the pan is getting hot and the butter is melting, cut the potatoes in half and then thinly slice them, add to the hot skillet and season with salt, pepper, thyme and the crushed red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring every now and then, for about 10 minutes or, until potatoes have browned and are tender. Add the onion and the ham and continue to cook for 3 to 4 minutesnPreheat another skillet over medium high heat with 2 tablespoons of butter. Once the butter has melted and the bubbles have subsided, crack extralarge eggs into the pan, season with salt and pepper and fry to desired doneness.nWhile the eggs are frying, finish off the hash by adding the roughly chopped spinach and basil to the potatoes. Defrosted frozen spinach and some pesto would be added in at the same point if using substitutions. Toss to wilt and warm the spinach. Sprinkle the hash with tomatoes and cheese and remove from the heat. Transfer the ham and spinach hash to plates. Top each portion with a single fried egg or arrange the fried eggs evenly over the platter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 8 small red potatoes, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 1 large ham steak, finely chopped, 4 extralarge eggs, 2 cups baby spinach leaves, chopped or, 1 box, 10 ounces, defrosted frozen chopped spinach, wrung dry in a kitchen towel, 10 leaves fresh basil, chopped or torn, a few rounded spoonfuls of prepared store bought pesto may be substituted, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of generous handfuls], title: Ham and Spinach Hash with Fried Eggs, picturelink: null}, 3623: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the orzo, thyme, shallots and garlic and cook until the orzo is golden brown and the shallots are softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the rice, then add the chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 18 minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup orzo pasta, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup longgrain rice, 2 cups chicken stock], title: ThymeScented Pilaf, picturelink: 02L75vSOjfQ4UaFGaOO2uEOx.BAjkm}, 3624: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray cookie sheets with nonstick cooking spray. Separate dough into 4 rectangles place on lightly floured surface. Firmly press perforations to seal. Press or roll each to form 8x5inch rectangle.nArrange 14 of prosciutto slices over each rectangle. In small bowl, combine cheese, pepper and oil mix well. Sprinkle mixture over prosciutto on each rectangle. Sprinkle with basil.nStarting at short side of each rectangle, roll up seal long edges. With serrated knife, cut each roll into 5 slices. Place cut side up on sprayed cookie sheets.nBake at 375 degrees F. for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from cookie sheets. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 8oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls, 12 lb. prosciutto or cooked ham, thinly sliced, 4 oz. 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh basil], title: Mediterranean Crescent Pinwheels, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 3625: {instructions: Peel the chayote, cut in half, and remove the seed. Cut in half again and slice thinly.nBring a pot of water to a boil, add the salt, and blanch the snow peas a few seconds, just until they turn bright green. Drain and plunge into ice water. When cold, cut the snow peas into slivers. There should be about 1 cup. Toss the chayote and snow peas in a salad bowl.nMake the dressing: In a small bowl combine the yogurt, mustard and garlic. Whisk in the wine and oil until smooth and creamy. Add the peppercorns and salt. You may hold the dressing in the refrigerator at this point up to 5 days.nJust before serving, whisk dressing again to blend, if necessary, then fold in sesame seeds and cashews. Pour over salad and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound chayote hop jeung qwa, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 pound snow peas, 3 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons grainy mustard, 12 garlic clove, smashed and very finely chopped, 2 tablespoons plum wine, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns, toasted and crushed, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 12 cup roasted and lightly salted cashews, coarsely chopped], title: ChayoteSnow Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 3626: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Cut the pastry sheet into 12 2inch circles with a cutter. Place the pastry circles onto a baking sheet.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the baking sheet and let cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Split each pastry into 2 layers, making 24 in all.nStir the cream cheese in a medium bowl until smooth. Stir in the milk, horseradish, black pepper and crabmeat.nSpread the crabmeat mixture on 12 bottom pastry layers. Top with the onions, almonds and top pastry layers. Sprinkle with the paprika., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 can about 6 ounces refrigerated pasteurized crabmeat, drained, 4 green onions, sliced about 12 cup, 12 cup sliced almond, Paprika], title: Crab Appetizer Napoleons, picturelink: null}, 3627: {instructions: For the tails: Place the small green gumdrops on the work surface standing upright. Cut each gumdrop in half by cutting straight down with a sharp knife.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Place the green sanding sugar in a small bowl. Invert each cupcake into the sugar and press gently to adhere.nStick a green jelly bean straight into the frosting for the head. Using a 2 round piping tip, pipe on 2 buttercream eyes. Then dip a toothpick into the black or brown food coloring gel and create the pupils for the eyes. Push the flippers into the edges of the cupcake frosting. Attach a half gumdrop tail between the back legs. Pipe a little frosting onto 7 green and 7 brown candies before gently pressing them into the frosting on the back of each turtle to make the shell. Repeat steps for all cupcakes., ingredients: [6 small green gumdrops for the tails, 12 vanilla cupcakes, 2 14 cups vanilla buttercream, 34 cup green sanding sugar, 12 green jelly beans for the heads, Black or brown food coloring gel, 12 green gumdrop fruit slices, halved horizontally and vertically for the flippers, 84 green candycoated chocolates, such as MMs for the shell, 84 brown candycoated chocolates, such as MMs for the shell], title: Turtle Cupcakes, picturelink: wiAXaYYOjc.j2VdjIbkOl5TxRfGnW}, 3628: {instructions: Put the cucumber, red onion and garlic in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until minced.nPut the yogurt into a mixing bowl. Add the cucumber mixture, the lemon zest and juice, salt and red pepper flakes and mix with a rubber spatula until well combined. Transfer to a decorative bowl and serve with pita wedges., ingredients: [1 cucumber, seeded and diced, 14 red onion, diced, about 2 tablespoons, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 cups plain nonfat yogurt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Pita wedges, served on the side], title: Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 3629: {instructions: In a mixing bowl place peeled, quartered and seeded avocados. Mash with a potato masher or fork until chunky. Add the remaining ingredients and combine with a fork. Mound on a bed of shredded lettuce. Garnish with sliced tomatoes that have been drizzled with the Black Pepper Garnish.nIn a mixing bowl combine all the ingredients. Stir and toss well. Serve. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator no more than 1 day.nIn a small bowl stir all the ingredients together. Spoon over vegetables or drizzle lightly over dressed salads as a garnish., ingredients: [5 ripe avocados, preferably Haas, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 medium red onion, diced, 4 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Lettuce, shredded for serving, Sliced tomatoes drizzled with Cracked Black Pepper Garnish, recipe follows, 4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored, seeded, and finely diced, 14 red onion, minced, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 34 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Border Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 3630: {instructions: For the chai tea: Add the water or milk and chai tea powder to a slow cooker. Cook on low for 5 hours. Add some cinnamon sticks and star anise and cook for 1 hour more.nFor the dirty chai lattes: Ladle some of the slow cooker chai into each cup of coffee. Serve with some whipped cream and a cinnamon stick for garnish., ingredients: [6 cups water or milk, 34 cup chai tea powder, Cinnamon sticks, as needed, Star anise pods, as needed, 6 cups strong brewed coffee, Whipped cream, for serving, Cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Slow Cooker Dirty Chai Latte, picturelink: EEYkgPFI3Ft7Vhsdn2iLLz3wkTycF7e}, 3631: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPound the veal and chicken into 14inch thick slices, between sheets of plastic wrap or waxed paper. Add the flour to a large shallow dish. Dredge the veal and chicken in the flour.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium to low heat. Add veal and chicken and brown on 1 side only. Add all of the mushrooms and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain the oil from the pan, add the shrimp and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the brandy and carefully ignite it with a long kitchen match to burn off the alcohol. Stir in the heavy cream and butter and let the sauce reduce for 3 to 4 minutes. Ready to serve.nArrange 1 piece of veal, 1 piece of chicken and 1 shrimp on each serving plate. Top with some mushrooms and sauce and garnish with parsley. Can be served over pasta, if desired., ingredients: [4 4ounce thinly sliced veal cutlets scaloppini, 4 4ounce thinly sliced chicken tenderloins, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 cup olive oil, 12 shiitake mushrooms cleaned and stems discarded, then sliced, 6 ounces oyster mushrooms, trimmed, 3 ounces porcini mushrooms chopped, 4 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons brandy, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 stick butter, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Rinos Special, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 3632: {instructions: Place star anise, soy sauce, garlic, sugar and rice vinegar in a small skillet. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for a minute or until only 14 cup remains. Strain out star anise and reserve. If you are using five spice powder instead of star anise, add it to the liquid now. Let it cool while you boil the beef. Bring 3 quarts water to a boil. Add beef and boil for 15 to 18 minutes. depending if you like it very rare or just rare. Remove the beef from water and let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes while you finish mayonnaise. Mix cooled reduced star anise liquid with mustard and mayonnaise. Add sesame oil to taste, 12 teaspoon salt and crushed red pepper. Thin mayonnaise with just a teaspoonful of water to make it spreadable.nWhen the beef is cool, slice it vertically, with the grain, into 12inch wide slices. Then slice the long slices, across the grain into 3inch long by 12inch wide strips. Spread some mayonnaise on a dinner plate. Center a clump of watercress in the center of your plate. Surround watercress with a wreath of beef slices and sprinkle meat with coarse salt, freshly ground black pepper and chives. Drizzle more mayonnaise on beef edges if you wish or for a more professional look, transfer mayonnaise to squirt bottle to drizzle over beef edges, ingredients: [2 star anise or 14 teaspoon five spice powder, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 pounds, net weight filet mignon trimmed of all fat and tied, 1 tablespoon prepared Dijon mustard, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 to 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 1 bunch watercress, stems removed, 14 cup snipped fresh chives, Salt, pepper and crushed red pepper], title: Warm Filet Mignon with Sesame Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 3633: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9 to 10inch shallow pie plate.nCombine the egg yolks and 13 cup of the sugar in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat on mediumhigh speed until ribbons form when you lift the beater just slightly out of the batter, about 3 minutes. Add the flour, heavy cream and vanilla extract. Reduce the speed to low and beat until thoroughly blended, stopping the mixer occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula.nSlide the prepared pie plate into the oven to preheat for 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the egg whites and salt in a small bowl for 30 seconds add to the batter and beat with the mixer on low speed until just incorporated, 1 to 2 minutes. Combine the apricots, lemon zest and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a medium bowl, and gently stir until the apricots are thoroughly coated. Remove the pie plate from the oven, pour in the apricots in a decorative pattern, and top with the batter.nBake until set in the middle, 30 to 35 minutes. Serve warm with a small dollop of the whipped cream, if using.nAdd the heavy cream, sugar, vanilla and lemon zest to a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whip just until soft peaks form., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing the pie plate, 2 large eggs, separated, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Two 15.25ounce cans apricots, drained and gently rinsed, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, LemonVanilla Whipped Cream, for topping, optional, 1 12 cups heavy cream, chilled, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Apricot Clafouti, picturelink: H6A3ekNg2g91NWGCTzlkSZjNZ0m851S}, 3634: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring chicken stock, lime juice concentrate, salt and orange olive oil to a boil.nStir in couscous, cover and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, fluff couscous with a fork and stir in mint and parsley., ingredients: [1 34 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 14 cup lime juice concentrate, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon orange olive oil, 1 10ounce box couscous, 13 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Lime Couscous with Mint, picturelink: 3PgXVdaKNnzhCbZfjurghWTGEo2m4m}, 3635: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 by 8inch square baking dishnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove sausage from casing and crumble it into a pan over medium heat. Add the celery and onion and cook, stirring, until browned. Drain fat if necessary.nBeat the eggs in a bowl. Using a spoon, mix in the sausage mixture and all the remaining ingredients. Pour the stuffing into the baking dish and bake until hot and browned, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 pound turkey sausage you may use pork breakfast sausage, 14 cup finely chopped celery, 14 cup chopped red onion, 2 eggs, 2 cups coarsely chopped cauliflower, 12 cup diced yellow squash, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Sausage and Herb Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 3636: {instructions: Pour the tequila into a tall and narrow glass. Remove the frozen pops from their wrappers and submerge them 1 at a time in the glass of tequila, tilting the glass to completely moisten the entire popsicle. Sprinkle each side of the frozen pops with some salt and then arrange the pops on a plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup tequila, 6 lime allfruit frozen pops, Margarita salt or kosher salt], title: Frozen Margarita Pops, picturelink: null}, 3637: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the buttermilk, oil, vanilla extract, egg and 6 tablespoons water and mix until smooth and completely combined.nPour the batter into the cupcake liners and bake until cooked through and risen, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the ganache: In a small saucepan, heat the cream just until it begins to boil. Put the chocolate chips in a small bowl and pour in the cream and espresso. Stir until creamy.nFor the chocolate frosting: In a medium mixing bowl using an electric mixer, cream the butter. Add the confectioners sugar 14 cup at a time, followed by the cocoa, and mix until completely smooth.nTo assemble: Cut out the center of each cupcake with a paring knife and fill with some cherries. Smooth a layer of the melted ganache over each cupcake, and frost with the chocolate frosting. Sprinkle the cupcakes with crushed espresso beans to taste. Serve immediately, or store in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 34 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons cocoa, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 38 teaspoon baking powder, 38 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup semisweet chocolate baking chips, 2 tablespoons brewed espresso, 3 13 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 14 cup cocoa, Highquality maraschino cherries, such as Luxardo, for filling, Crushed espresso beans, for sprinkling], title: Espresso Chocolate Cheery Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 3638: {instructions: With a small knife, fillet the mullets from the back without breaking the belly. Remove all the bones and keep on the side. Peel and wash the carrots, wash the other vegetables carefully and shred them into slices using a mandolin. Season the shredded vegetables with the dressing and stuff them inside the mullets. Gently cook the open mullets under the grill. Sprinkle with Sauce Romesco and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nArrange unpeeled tomatoes and garlic on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with olive oil and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool. Peel the tomatoes, remove core, seeds, and juice by pressing them in your hand. Peel the garlic and chop.nMix the roasted tomatoes, garlic, anchovies and roasted pepper, if using, salt, pepper, and nuts. Add 2 tablespoons of parsley. While mixing, add some olive oil and vinegar gradually. Set aside in refrigerator., ingredients: [4 little red mullets goat fish about 5 ounces or 150 grams each, 4 baby carrots, 4 radishes, 1 medium fennel bulb, About 2 ounces 50 grams blanched green beans, 2 spring onions, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Sauce Romesco, recipe follows, 4 tomatoes, 3 cloves garlic, Olive oil, 2 anchovies, optional, 1 roasted red sweet bell pepper, jarred, optional, 2 ounces 50 grams nuts almonds, hazelnuts, pine nuts, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar], title: Le Rouget, picturelink: 9e4ZYsI0q0cSU1ror9s0rZmhqbAPv1y}, 3639: {instructions: Render the bacon in a small pan over mediumlow heat, stirring regularly to prevent burning. Drain on paper towels, reserving the fat.nAdd the bacon, white beans, vinegar, shallots, nutmeg, anchovies, lemon zest and juice and garlic to a food processor and pulse until mostly smooth. Season with salt and pepper. With the processor running, drizzle in the olive oil and about 1 tablespoon of the reserved bacon fat to emulsify.nTransfer the mixture to a serving bowl and fold in the parsley., ingredients: [1 cup julienned applewoodsmoked bacon, One 14ounce can white beans, drained and rinsed well, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 2 pinches nutmeg, 3 anchovies, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup fresh parsley, finely minced], title: White Bean and Smoked Bacon Dip, picturelink: 7CxLhotZOYyzSd2No3t.c.Rc6yBlEfG}, 3640: {instructions: Discard coarse stems from watercress and put watercress in a bowl. Lightly toast sesame seeds. In a small bowl whisk together vinegar, oils, and salt and pepper to taste until dressing is combined well. Drizzle dressing over watercress and toss with 2 teaspoons sesame seeds. Add snow peas and flaked salmon.nServe salad sprinkled with remaining teaspoon sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 bunch watercress, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 12 teaspoons whitewine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup snow peas, blanched optional, Grilled salmon optional], title: Watercress Sesame Salad, picturelink: null}, 3641: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the hazelnuts in a single layer on a small sheet pan. Toast the nuts for 8 minutes, until they are lightly golden. Pour the nuts onto a clean kitchen towel and rub them to remove the peels. Put the hazelnuts in a large sealable plastic bag, seal the bag, and pound the nuts with a rolling pin until roughly crushed. Set aside.nUsing a small ice cream scoop, scoop the ice cream into 16 equalsize balls 8 of each flavor and arrange in a single layer on a cold plate lined with plastic wrap. Cover the ice cream balls with more plastic wrap and freeze again until firm.nIn a medium bowl, whip the cream, a pinch of salt, sugar and 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur to stiff peaks, but do not over beat.nTo serve, put 2 scoops each of hazelnut or coffee and vanilla ice creams into each glass. Add to the top of each 1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur and 2 tablespoons crushed hazelnuts. Pour 14 cup espresso into each bowl. Top the ice cream with a dollop of whipped cream and shaved chocolate. Serve immediately.nEntertaining Notes: If you are doing this for a larger party you can prescoop the ice cream right into the glasses and store, covered, in the freezer., ingredients: [1 cup hazelnuts, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 pint hazelnut or coffee ice cream, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico, 1 cup goodquality espresso, hot, 1ounce bittersweet chocolate, thinly shaved with a vegetable peeler], title: Hazelnut Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 3642: {instructions: In a saucepan cover the eggs with cold water, bring the water just to a boil, and simmer the eggs for 5 minutes. Pour out the water, add cold water to the pan, and let the eggs cool until they can be handled. Shell eggs carefully and halve them lengthwise. In a small bowl stir together garlic, mustard, vinegar, and cream. Add oils in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified, and season with pepper and salt. Cut pepper into 14inch dice. Prepare grill. Halve each quail lengthwise through breast and pat dry. Rub quail lightly all over with oil and season with pepper and salt. Grill quail in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat , or until skin is well browned but meat is still pink. In a large bowl toss watercress and mushrooms with just enough vinaigrette to coat lightly. Arrange lettuce on each of 4 large plates and top with watercress mixture and bell pepper and quail eggs. Arrange quail on top of salad and sprinkle with tarragon. Serve remaining vinaigrette on the side., ingredients: [12 quail eggs, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons corn or canola oil, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 red bell pepper, roasted and peeled, Leaves of 1 Boston lettuce, 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems removed, 4 ounces white mushrooms about 6 medium, sliced, 4 semiboneless jumbo quail  rib cage and backbone removed, wings and legs left intact, 6 to 8 ounces each, Corn or canola oil, for rubbing on quail, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves], title: Grilled Quail Salad with Creamy Garlic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 3643: {instructions: Heat the oil in a wok over high heat and stirfry the garlic until fragrant and lightly golden, about 1 minute. Add the water spinach, season with pepper, and stirfry until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the bean curd, stirfry until it is evenly distributed, then cover and cook until done, 2 to 3 minutes more., ingredients: [1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 large clove garlic, peeled and minced, 1 pound water spinach, stems trimmed, washed, drained, and halved crosswise, Freshly ground, black pepper, 1 tablespoon preserved bean curd or fish sauce], title: Stir Fried Water Spinach, picturelink: null}, 3644: {instructions: Cut off duck wings at second joint, remove excess fat and skin, rinse and dry well. Insert a chopstick through the neck opening and force along the wing bone under the skin until it protrudes slightly at the second joint. Push other end along other wing so that you end up with a duck that has its arms straight out like a crucifix. Tie a string onto the middle of the stick so you can hold the duck and hang it up. Bring 6 cups of water to boil in a wok, over medium heat. Add maltose or honey and stir to dissolve. Stir in the sherry, vinegar and cornstarch slurry.nWhen liquid returns to a boil, dip the duck into liquid and spoon liquid over duck. Repeat until duck is thoroughly moistened. Repeat dunking once more. Hang duck by the string in a cool airy place with a bowl underneath to catch drips. Leave for 4 to 6 hours until skin is dry and taught. Put roasting pan on lower oven rack and fill with 2 to 3 inches of water. Oil the upper rack above pan.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the chopstick and string. Put duck on oiled rack in center of oven breast side up and cook for 30 minutes. Turn duck breast side down for 45 minutes, then turn breast side up for 30 minutes or until skin is dark brown. While duck is roasting, make scallion brushes. Trim roots, and cut off most of green part, leaving 3inch pieces. Make several 1inch lengthwise slits in each end of scallion, and put in a bowl of ice water for 20 minutes, drain and refrigerate. Mix hoisin with sesame oil and 1 tablespoon water, in a small serving bowl. Carve the duck, separate meat and skin. Place on a serving platter and surround with the scallion brushes. Serve the sauce with the duck., ingredients: [1 5pound duck, 6 cups water, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons maltose or honey, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, mixed with 3 tablespoons water, for slurry, 10 scallions, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil], title: Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 3645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, stir together the sugar, cornstarch and salt. Pour in the milk, then the beaten eggs. Cook, stirring, until the mixture comes to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate, butter and vanilla. Stir until the chocolate is all melted. Pour into the baked pie shell and chill in the fridge for several hours until set.nServe plain to Ladd, serve topped with everything for Ree, ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups whole milk, 4 egg yolks, beaten with a fork, 6 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 baked pie shell storebought is fine, Optional toppings: whipped cream, hot fudge sauce, caramel sauce, chopped walnuts, raspberries and sprinkles], title: Ladds Chocolate Pie, picturelink: 7eSq03E5MZSnFSpBaKIJhiz9fStaT0i}, 3646: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all vegetable and protein ingredients and mix well. Season to taste. In a blender combine all the rest of the ingredients, including the liquids and herbs, reserving some of the cilantro for a garnish. Pour mixture over vegetableprotein mixture and marinate for up to 1 hour in a refrigerator. Right before serving add the extra cilantro and season again. Garnish with pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [1 12 cups cleaned Taylor bay scallops, 2 cups poached and sliced Maine lobster tail, 12 small red onion, halved and julienne, 2 scallions, sliced on the bias, 1 medium yellow pepper, halved and julienne, 1 medium green pepper, halved and julienne, 3 jalapeno chiles, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons finely grated fresh ginger, 12 bunch freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 bunch freshly chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 bunch freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 whole lime, juiced, 12 navel orange, juiced, 12 lemon, juiced, 34 cup ketchup, 12 ancho chile reconstituted and pureed, 1 cup canola oil, 1 cup toasted spiced pumpkin seeds, for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lobster and Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 3647: {instructions: Combine seasoned salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, onion and garlic powder, oregano, paprika and chili powder in a 1gallon sealable plastic bag. Mix thoroughly and then add 1 piece of meat, shake it around in the bag, remove it and repeat with the second piece of meat. When both pieces are done, return them to the bag, and let marinate for 24 to 48 hours in refrigerator. Remove meat from refrigerator at least 20 minutes, prior to grilling.nIn a mediumsized bowl, combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, horseradish, garlic and sea salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly and place into refrigerator for at least 4 hours.nSet grill or large grilling pan to high heat. Cook meat for 20 minutes or until desired temperature. Remove from heat, cover and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Best served mediumrare.nSlice cooked and rested steaks paper thin using either a knife or countertop delislicer. Place 4ounces of meat on a slice of toasted rye and spread on sour cream horseradish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons seasoned salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 4 pounds top round, cut in 2equal pieces, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 cup horseradish, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 16 slices Rye bread, lightly toasted], title: Baltimore Beef Bad Boy, picturelink: 4gawCu3qEQkPrT8jwy4ixkLK5v57qPm}, 3648: {instructions: Rinse tenderloin with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Tie with butcher string to hold together and give tenderloin a uniform thickness. Set aside.nCombine remaining ingredients and rub into tenderloin. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grill grate when ready to start cooking.nRemove tenderloin from refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling.nGrill until desired doneness, about 20 minutes for mediumrare internal temperature of 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, turning a quarter turn every 10 minutes. Remove from grill and let tenderloin rest 5 to 10 minutes.nSlice tenderloin in 12inch slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds centercut beef tenderloin roast, trimmed of fat and silver skin, 1 1.13ounce packet chipotle pepper marinade mix recommended: McCormicks Grill Mates, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup instant coffee crystals], title: Chipotle Java Rubbed Tenderloin, picturelink: 1lArW7jVXJTw5SW8o.uRNfSBpAWcfHO}, 3649: {instructions: Scrape the portobello muchrooms clean, and slice them lengthwise, about a 14inch thick. Season the chicken breast with salt and pepper. Heat 12ounce of olive oil in a heavy saute pan, over high heat. Saute chicken breasts until firmly cooked through and browned on each side, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the pan, add the sliced onions, add 12ounce more olive oil if necessary, saute until brown and caramelized, scraping all the chicken bits from the pan. Add the mushrooms and continue sauteing until they are soft, another two minutes. Add thyme, grapes and deglaze the entire pan with green verjus or white wine. Reduce the liquid until it is almost dry, then swirl in butter. Thinly slice the chicken. On one slice of bread, arrange one chicken breast and top with the onion and portobello mixture. Top with other slice of bread. Repeat with second sandwich., ingredients: [2 large portobello mushrooms, 2 chicken breasts, pounded until even thickness, 1 ounce of olive oil, 12 large onion, sliced thin, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 10 green grapes, split in 12, 4 ounces of green verjus or white wine, 12 teaspoon butter, 4 slices of toasted seven grain bread], title: Sauteed Chicken Sandwich with Portobello, Thyme and Caramelized Onions on Seven Grain Bread, picturelink: null}, 3650: {instructions: Blend the arugula and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add 12 cup of oil, processing until well blended. Transfer the pesto to a large bowl. Stir in the Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPrepare the grill high heat. Using a knife, cut the back of the shrimp. Brush the shrimp with oil. Sprinkle with salt. Grill the shrimp until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the shrimp to a plate.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid.nToss the pasta with the pesto in the large bowl to coat, adding the reserved cooking liquid 1 tablespoon at a time to moisten. Top with the grilled shrimp. Garnish with the lemon zest and parsley., ingredients: [2 cups fresh arugula, 1 garlic clove, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, 1 pound spaghetti, Lemon zest, for garnish, 10 parsley leaves, chopped, for garnish], title: Spaghetti with Arugula Pesto and Seared Jumbo Shrimp, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 3651: {instructions: Preheat the oil to 350 degrees F. Dust the dough with the flour. Pound out the dough as thin as possible with your hands or with a rolling pin. Cut the dough into 2 pieces. Carefully place the dough into the hot oil. Cook until the dough is browned, 1 to 2 minutes, then repeat on the other side. Carefully transfer the dough from the oil to a papertowellined plate.nPlace the dough on a clean plate. Drizzle the chocolate sauce over the dough and dust with the powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 gallon oil, for frying, One 8ounce pizza dough, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons chocolate sauce, 18 cup powdered sugar], title: Fried Dough, picturelink: null}, 3652: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat, cook the bacon until crisp and brown. Transfer to paper towels and drain. Chop and set aside.nWhisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a large mixing bowl.nUsing a food processor, pastry cutter, or fingertips incorporate the chilled butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the Cheddar cheese, fresh chives, and cooked bacon. Mix to distribute the ingredients evenly.nAdd the buttermilk and stir just until moistened. Using 12 cup dough for each biscuit and using a cup measure or an ice cream scoop, drop the biscuits onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing the mounds about 2inches apart.nBake until the biscuits are golden brown on top, about 15 to 20 minutes or until a tester comes out clean. Serve the biscuits warm with melted butter., ingredients: [7 slices bacon, 3 cups flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated, 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 1 cup buttermilk], title: Bacon, Cheddar and Chive Biscuits, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 3653: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients into a 1gallon zip top bag, seal, and shake to combine. Place in the refrigerator to marinate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh.nRemove the pork chops from the marinade. Transfer the marinade to a small saucepan and place over high heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to mediumhigh, and boil gently, stirring often, until reduced to about 12 cup liquid, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the thyme stems after the glaze has reduced. Meanwhile, grill pork chops 3 to 4 minutes per side or until they reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees F. Allow the pork chops to rest 4 to 5 minutes before serving with the glaze., ingredients: [1 cup cool strong coffee, 6 ounces molasses, by weight, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 6 to 8ounce bonein, 1inch thick pork chops], title: Molasses Coffee Marinated Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 3654: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter a shallow 2 quart baking dish.nIn a bowl toss the berries with the remaining filling ingredients and spread evenly in the baking dish.nMake the topping: Cut butter into pieces. In a bowl with a pastry blender or in a food processor blend or pulse together flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, salt, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. If using a food processor transfer mixture to a bowl. Add milk and vanilla and stir until mixture forms a dough.nDrop topping by rounded tablespoons onto berry filling do not completely cover it and bake in middle of oven 40 minutes, or until topping is golden and cooked through. Transfer cobbler to a rack to cool slightly.nServe cobbler warm with ice cream., ingredients: [6 cups marionberries, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 1 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Vanilla ice cream], title: Marionberry Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 3655: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Pat the fillet dry and season with salt and pepper. In an oiled roasting pan roast fillet in middle of oven until a meat thermometer registers 130 degrees. for mediumrare meat, 20 to 25 minutes, and let cool to room temperature. Fillet may be roasted 2 days ahead and chilled, wrapped well.nTo make vinaigrette: Cut top 14inch off each head garlic and wrap heads together in foil. Roast garlic in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until very soft, and let cool. Squeeze roasted garlic from each head there should be about 13 cup and in a blender or food processor blend together with mustard, vinegars, and salt and pepper to taste until smooth. With motor running add oil in a very thin stream and blend until emulsified. Vinaigrette may be made 4 days ahead and chilled in a tightly sealed jar. Shake vinaigrette well before serving. Slice fillet thin. Arrange fillet, arugula, and tomatoes decoratively on a platter and serve with vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 trimmed 4 to 4 12pound fillet of beef, tied, at room temperature, 3 heads garlic, unpeeled, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup redwine vinegar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 12 cups olive oil, 6 cups arugula, washed thoroughly and spun dry, 3 cups vineripened red cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 cups vineripened yellow cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Fillet of Beef with Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, and Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 3656: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12count muffin tin with cupcake liners, and spray generously with cooking spray set aside.nIn a saucepan over low heat, melt the butter and 8 ounces of the chocolate. Stir until smooth. Remove from heat, and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar. Add the flour, cocoa, and baking soda. Stir in the melted chocolate until combined. Stir in the remaining 3 ounces of chocolate and nuts, if desired.nUsing a 2ounce ice cream scoop, fill each cupcake liner 34 full with batter. Bake until a firm crust forms on the cupcakes, about 20 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool 10 minutes. Remove cupcakes from pan, and continue to cool on a wire rack.nIce cupcakes with a generous amount of frosting.nPlace chocolate morsels and cream in a heavy saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula, until combined and thickened, between 20 and 25 minutes. Increase the heat to medium low cook, stirring, 3 minutes more. Remove pan from heat. Stir in corn syrup. Transfer frosting to a large metal bowl. Chill until cool enough to spread, about 2 hours, checking and stirring every 15 to 20 minutes. Use immediately.nYield: 6 cups, ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 11 ounces bestquality semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 3 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts optional, Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, Mrs. Milmans Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 cups whipping cream, 12 teaspoon light corn syrup], title: Brownie Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 3657: {instructions: For the hand pies: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut each pie crust in half through the middle, then in thirds in the other direction, creating 6 pieces square off the edges to make rectangles or strips.nPlace the blueberries, granulated sugar, tapioca, salt and 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice save the remaining lemon juice for the glaze in a small saucepan over medium heat. Simmer and stir until the blueberries release their juices and burst, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the lemon zest and allow the mixture to cool, about 10 minutes.nDollop 1 tablespoon cooled blueberry filling on each pie piece. Brush the egg wash along the edges and fold the pie crust crimp with a fork to seal. Brush each pie with the egg wash and sprinkle with demerara sugar.nBake on a parchmentlined baking sheet until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the glaze: Whisk together the confectioners sugar and 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon at a time, until a pourable glaze forms. Keep at room temperature until ready to use.nWhen serving, use a spoon to swizzle the top of each hand pie with the lemon glaze., ingredients: [2 premade pie crusts, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons tapioca, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 egg whisked with 1 tablespoon water, Demerara sugar, for topping, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Lemon Blueberry Hand Pies, picturelink: acuEfOWzryDnOCQk4w5MXjL7LmOMmMW}, 3658: {instructions: Whisk flour, salt and baking powder together and set aside.nWhisk olive oil, milk and eggs and set aside. Preheat the griddle. Combine the dry and wet ingredients and fold in eggs, rice, cheese and scallions if batter is too thick, thin it with more milk.nDrop about 14 cup of batter onto a griddle and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side until cooked through.nServe with a black bean stew., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup milk or more, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 34 cooked long grain rice, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup sliced scallions], title: Rice Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 3659: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a deep saucepan, heat canola oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, toss cucumbers with rice vinegar, set aside.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine about 1 tablespoon canola oil and the ginger. Cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add heavy cream and lime juice, boil until reduced by half. Fold in crabmeat, season mixture with salt, set aside.nPlace flour on a plate. Season the rockfish with salt and lightly dredge in flour, shaking off the excess.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat about 1 tablespoon canola oil. Add rockfish, skin side down, just until skin is crisp, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook to brown other side, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove fillets to a cutting board, cut fillets in half horizontally. Top half the pieces with the crab mixture and sandwich back together. Wrap portions individually in waxed or parchment paper.nPlace on a baking sheet and bake until fish is cooked through and crab stuffing is hot, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, dip crabs in Tempura Batter and fry until lightly brown and crispy, about 3 minutes, drain quickly on paper towel and cut in half.nTo serve: On the bottom of the plate, place a few cucumber slices. Drizzle with Yuzu Glaze. Remove rockfish from waxed paper and sprinkle sides with some of the Nori Flakes. Place rockfish over cucumber, plate soft shell crab next to fish. Sprinkle with scallions and chilies. Sprinkle with remaining Nori Flakes and stick a Toasted Nori Triangle in each crab half.nIn a medium stainless steel bowl, whisk together rice flour, cornstarch, salt and ginger. Whisk in club soda. Refrigerate or keep this batter on ice until ready to fry. You may need to whisk in additional flour or water to adjust the batter if it stands.nIn a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine ginger, orange juice, yuzu juice, soy sauce and chili garlic paste. Bring to a simmer.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine sugar and the 1 tablespoon water. Cook, without stirring, until the mixture turns a dark amber color, about 5 to 10 minutes, swirling the pan occasionally to prevent burning.nWhen the sugar reaches the desired color, carefully whisk in the simmering yuzu mixture. Return to a simmer. Whisk the cornstarch with enough water to form a smooth slurry. Whisk the cornstarch mixture into the yuzu mixture a little at a time, letting it return to a boil between additions, until the mixture has thickened to a glaze. You may not need all of the cornstarch.nTear nori into small pieces. Grind to a fine powder in batches in a coffee or spice grinder.nUsing a sharp knife cut to cut nori into 12 small triangles.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, add sesame oil. Add triangles, cook, turning once, until crisped and shiny on both sides, about 30 seconds to 1 minute per side. Drain on paper towels., ingredients: [1 quart peanut oil, for frying, Canola oil, as needed, 1 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 12 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped ginger, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 lime, about 2 tablespoons, 8 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over, Kosher salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 6 5ounce wild rockfish fillets, skin on, 6 soft shell crabs, cleaned, Tempura Batter, recipe follows, Yuzu Glaze, recipe follows, Nori Flakes, recipe follows, 12 bunch scallions, green part only, thinly sliced, 2 fresh red chiles, thinly sliced, seeded, Toasted Nori Triangles, recipe follows, 1 cup rice flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 10 ounces club soda, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 orange, juiced, 1 12 cups yuzu juice concentrate, 12 cup lite soy sauce, 12 tablespoon Asian chili garlic paste, such as sambal oelek, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 sheet nori, 1 sheet nori, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Pan Seared Wild Rockfish and Soft Shell Crab Tempura with Ginger and Yuzu Glaze, Cucumber and Toasted Nori, picturelink: qg0e4FUT3p1A6R6XjobB5WJuTCOs7LG}, 3660: {instructions: In a blender, blend cilantro and serrano with 14 cup orange juice until mixture forms a smooth paste. Add remaining 34 cup orange juice, zest, tequila, broth and avocados and blend until smooth. Pour mixture through a coarse sieve into a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nChill soup, covered, 2 hours, or until cold.nServe topped with watermelon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 12 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, 14 cup tequila, 2 cups cold chicken broth, 2 Mexican avocados about 1 pound, pitted, peeled and chopped coarse, Kosher salt and white pepper, Garnish: 2 cups chopped, peeled seeded watermelon optional], title: Cold Avocado Soup: Sopa De Aguacate, picturelink: null}, 3661: {instructions: In a mixing bowl or standing mixer cream together the butter and sugar until light. Beat in 1 egg and mix in the molasses, orange juice, and zest. Sift together the dry ingredients and stir them into the wet ingredients to make a soft, smooth dough, adding more flour if dough is too sticky. Knead the dough three times on a lightly floured board.nShape the dough into 3 logs, about 8inches long, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice logs into thin circles, less than 18inch thick. Place on lightly greased baking sheets.nBake cookies for about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven and transfer cookies to a rack to cool., ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon molasses, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 2 34 to 3 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger], title: Swedish Orange Gingersnaps, picturelink: BEcJ5AKw0kIw5ytOsyB55L7WBKhttNy}, 3662: {instructions: Blend the ingredients in a food processor, shape into a log on waxed paper, wrap and chill.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 stick softened butter, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, Splash of vanilla extract], title: Sweet Cocoa Butter, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 3663: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons oil and the chicken sausage, onions, jalapenos, peppers and saute until vegetables have softened.nIn medium bowl, mix eggs, milk, paprika and salt and pepper.nAdd chicken sausage and vegetable mixture and eggs together. Heat a medium saute pan over medium heat and add 1 teaspoon olive oil, and pour in egg mixture. Cook for 3 minutes on each side, mixture should be slightly firm and moist. In the mean time add tortillas to oven and toast for 3 to 5 minutes until golden brown, then remove.nRemove frittata from pan, place one tortilla on bottom of pan and spread with 12 of the cheese, place cooked frittata on top, and top frittata with second tortilla. Top tortilla with remaining cheese and place pan in oven for 5 minutes or until cheese melts.nRemove from oven and garnish with scallions and tomatoes, ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 12 pound chickenapple sausage, removed from casing, 12 cup red onion, diced, 2 tablespoons finely diced jalapeno, 12 cup red bell pepper, 8 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 9inch flour tortillas, 14 cup jack cheese, shredded, 14 cup Cheddar, shredded, 12 cup tomatoes, diced, 12 cup scallions diced], title: Chicken Apple Sausage Frittata, picturelink: 3r7kH3RTVP5EoNAMMjtGlFFyA.tVAS}, 3664: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring water, strawberries, sugar, lemon juice, and Champagne to a boil. Let simmer for 10 minutes, then add mint leaves. Let cool to room temperature.nBlend together with an immersion blender or in a standing blender, then strain through a sieve. Chill in the refrigerator, covered, for 3 hours.nServe in soup bowls with a scoop of ice cream or sorbet. Garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [4 cups water, 9 cups strawberries frozen can be used, 1 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup Champagne, 6 mint leaves, plus more, for garnish, Lime sorbet, lemon yogurt or vanilla ice cream may be substituted], title: Champagne Infused Strawberry Soup, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 3665: {instructions: Flatten chicken breasts by placing between plastic wrap and pounding with a mallet. Season with salt and pepper. Place ham, cheese and sage on breasts and fold over. Secure breasts with toothpicks. In a large nonstick skillet heat oil. Cook garlic until golden brown then remove from pan with a slotted spoon. Coat chicken breasts lightly with flour seasoned with salt and pepper. Add chicken breasts to skillet and saute until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 2 slices ham, 2 slices mozzarella cheese, Fresh sage or basil leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves thinly sliced, Flour, Salt and pepper], title: Saltimbocca, picturelink: null}, 3666: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling: Set a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat. Crumble the chicken sausage in the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Add the butter and melt, stirring to coat the sausage. Sprinkle the flour onto the sausage and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Pour in the milk and chicken broth and scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Bring to a simmer and cook until sauce thickens, about 2 minutes. Add the shredded chicken, salt, sage, and pepper. Stir to combine and set aside while preparing the biscuits.nFor the biscuits: Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, thyme, sage, and cayenne pepper in a medium mixing bowl and set aside.nGrate the cheese and butter using the large shredding disk of a food processor or the large side of a box grater. Immediately add the cheese and butter to the flour mixture. Stir to combine. Pour in the buttermilk and stir just to combine. Dump the dough onto a floured work surface and start folding the dough over on itself, gently kneading for 30 seconds, or until the dough is soft and smooth. Press the dough into a 12inch thick round. Use a 3inch round cutter to cut out the biscuits, being sure to push the cutter straight down through the dough to the work surface. Make your cuts as close together as possible to limit waste. Gather together any remaining dough, pat out again, and cut out as many biscuits as you can in order to get 9 total.nTo build the pie: Set the biscuits on top of the filling, placing 8 around the edge of the pan and 1 in the middle. Bake until the biscuits are tall and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool on a cooling rack for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound bulkstyle chicken sausage, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 ounces allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14 pounds shredded, cooked chicken, about 5 cups, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoon freshly chopped sage, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, 2 teaspoons aluminumfree baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped sage, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 ounces extrasharp white Cheddar, 4 ounces unsalted butter, frozen, 7 ounces lowfat buttermilk], title: Chicken Biscuit Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 3667: {instructions: Heat a 7liter pressure cooker over medium heat. Stir in the oil, onion, bay leaves, 1 12 tablespoons salt, the allspice, and thyme cook, uncovered, until soft, about 8 minutes. Increase the heat to high, stir in the tomato paste, and cook, stirring and scraping, until it turns brick red, about 2 minutes.nSeason the chicken with some salt and black pepper, to taste, and add it to the pot, turning to coat with the tomato and onion. Stir in the water, then add the chile, okra, potatoes, and collard greens in that order. You dont need to stirthe collards will cook down and keep everything moist as the cooker comes up to pressure. Close the pressure cooker lid and bring the pressure up to high which can take up to 10 minutes, then reduce the heat, if necessary, to maintain an even pressure for 7 minutes.nRemove from the heat and press the pressure indicator stem until no more steam comes out. Carefully open the pot. Remove and discard bay leaves. Ladle the stew into bowls and serve., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, halved and sliced, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 heaping teaspoon dried thyme, 13 cup tomato paste, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 skinless, bonein chicken thighs about 2 12 pounds, 3 12 cups water, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, pierced if you like it really hot, mince it, 8 ounces fresh okra, trimmed, halved crosswise, 3 thick sweet potatoes about 2 pounds, each cut into 4 rounds with skin on, 1 bunch collard greens about 1 pound, stems removed, chopped], title: Caribbean Chicken Pepper Pot, picturelink: null}, 3668: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Then add the guanciale and cook until rendered, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 6 minutes more, making sure that the meat does not get too crunchy and the garlic does not burn. If you see that the guanciale is browning too fast, remove it from the pan, finish the garlic and then add it again to the sauce.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook about 6 minutes. Add the peas after the 6 minutes and cook until the peas are bright green, about more 2 minutes. Remove the peas and pasta to the guanciale sauce and saute for another minute or two. Then add the Parmesan and toss for 1 minute. Drizzle with the extravirgin olive oil and some pepper. Serve with a bottle of robust red wine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces guanciale cured pig jowl, sliced into thin strips, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and thickly sliced, Kosher salt, 1 pound conchiglie pasta, 1 pound fresh shelled peas about 2 12 pounds English peas unshelled, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Conchiglie with Guanciale and Peas, picturelink: null}, 3669: {instructions: Special equipment: a 16ounce lidded heatsafe containernPour the couscous into the bottom of a 16ounce lidded heatsafe container, and top with the chickpeas, tomatoes, olives, carrots, cilantro, butter, curry powder, a heaping 14 teaspoon salt and harissa if using. Put the lemon wedge on top. Secure the lid, and refrigerate up to overnight.nWhen ready to eat, remove the lemon wedge and set aside. Add 12 cup boiling water to the container, and stir just to allow the water to reach the bottom. Cover, and let sit until the couscous absorbs all the liquid, about 6 minutes. Uncover, squeeze the lemon wedge over the couscous and stir again. Eat hot., ingredients: [13 cup instant couscous, 14 cup drained and rinsed canned chickpeas, 6 cherry or grape tomatoes, quartered, 3 pitted kalamata olives, quartered, 2 tablespoons coarsely grated carrot about 13 small carrot, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon curry powder, Kosher salt, 12 to 1 teaspoon harissa, optional, 1 lemon wedge], title: JustAddWater Vegetarian Curried Couscous, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 3670: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Serve in tall glasses and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup plain whole milk yogurt, 14 cup sugar, optional, depending on the sweetness of the mango, 4 mangos, peeled and diced or about 2 cups frozen mango chunks, thawed, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 2 teaspoons chile powder, Large pinch cayenne pepper, 12 to 1 cup water, depending on how juicy the mangoes are, Pinch kosher or sea salt], title: MangoChileLime Lassi, picturelink: MSkWNbSmfVIRJAfvXQpYl2DnUrWD.uG}, 3671: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deepfrying thermometer a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip recommended: Ateco 9826nCinnamon sugar: In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar, cinnamon and espresso powder. Set aside.nChurros: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and dust liberally with flour. Set aside. In a heavybottomed saucepan or Dutch oven, combine the water, butter, sugar, espresso powder, and salt over mediumhigh heat. Bring the mixture to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat and, using a wooden spoon, stir in the 1 cup of flour all at once. Return the pan to low heat and stir continuously until the mixture forms a thick dough, about 2 minutes. Transfer the dough to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. With the machine running on medium speed, slowly add the eggs. Continue to beat until the eggs are fully incorporated and the dough is thick, about 4 minutes. Transfer the dough to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe the dough onto the prepared baking sheet in 4inch long logs.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about 13 of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in a couple of minutes. Using a thin metal spatula, transfer the dough, 4 pieces at a time, into the hot oil, and fry until darkgolden and crispy, about 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and roll in the cinnamonespresso sugar while still hot. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 cup water, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten, Canola oil, for frying], title: CinnamonEspresso Churros, picturelink: uveYoSosW351frHv8HjwBr7JRxPpIou}, 3672: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter 6 ramekins or 1 large souffle dish and coat with granulated sugar, tapping the side of the ramekins while upside down to remove any excess sugar. Heat the chocolate and butter in a glass bowl over simmering water in a double boiler, until blended, stirring occasionally. When blended, remove the bowl from the double boiler.nUsing a hand mixer, beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt in a mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Add the 13 cup granulated sugar gradually, beating constantly until stiff peaks form. In a small bowl, whisk the egg yolks until slightly paler in color. Add the whisked egg yolks to the melted chocolate mixture, then fold in the egg whites.nSpoon or pipe the chocolate mixture into the prepared ramekins and arrange them on a baking sheet. Carefully put them in the middle of the oven and bake until the souffles are risen and cooked, about 18 to 25 minutes Remove the souffles from the oven and serve immediately with melted vanilla bean ice cream, in a pitcher, to be poured over the souffles. EnjoynOther serving suggestions: lightly sweetened whipped cream or a dusting of powdered sugar or cocoa powder.nCooks Note: To help the souffles rise evenly, run the tip of your thumb around the inside edge of the ramekins before baking., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for coating ramekins, 14 cup granulated sugar, plus more for coating ramekins, 8 ounces good quality dark chocolate, chopped, 7 eggs, separated, Pinch salt, Melted vanilla bean ice cream, for serving], title: Chocolate Souffles, picturelink: Ixl12iZSIyH1nMCDKWfKdlt1jSykyLq}, 3673: {instructions: Bring 8 ounces of heavy cream to a boil. Add espresso and cracked cardamom pods. Steep for 3 to 4 minutes.nStrain the heavy cream and weight out to 6 ounces. Chill in ice bath until completely cold.nWhip creme fraiche until soft peaks. Slowly add espresso cream, and whip to soft peak. Set aside.nTake the sugar and corn syrup, and add water until like wet sand in consistency. Cook to the hard ball stage, or 248 degrees. Add the bloomed gelatin.nWhip egg whites until a little past foaming stage. Pour sugar mixture in slowly, and whip until completely cooled.nTake espresso mixture and fold whites in three additions. Pipe into molds and freeze., ingredients: [8 ounces heavy cream, 14 cup espresso, ground, 1 12 teaspoons cardamom pods, cracked, 6 ounces creme fraiche, 4 ounces sugar, 1 12 ounces corn syrup, 1 sheet gelatin, bloomed softened in water, 3 egg whites], title: Espresso Parfait, picturelink: null}, 3674: {instructions: For the wings: Bring 2 cups of the water, the sugar, and salt to a boil. Remove from the heat, add the remaining 2 cups water and cool the brine completely.nPut the wings in a bowl and pour in the brine, making sure all the wings are submerged. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nFor the wing sauce: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic and ginger are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the hot sauce and sugar and bring to a simmer. Turn the heat down to low and simmer for 5 minutes to develop the flavors. You can leave the sauce on the back of the stove until you need it.nFor the frying: When youre ready to fry, drain the wings and pat them dry with paper towels. Put the flour, cornstarch, cornmeal, and chipotle powder in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Dredge the wings in the seasoned flour, making sure each piece is well coated. Leave them on a rack while you heat the oil.nFill a large saucepan onethird full with peanut oil. Set over mediumhigh heat and heat to 360 degrees F.nWorking in batches, fry the wings until theyre fully cooked and golden brown, 8 to 9 minutes. Keep an eye on the heat and adjust it to keep the oil between 350 and 375 degrees F. Drain the wings on a rack set over a baking sheet.nFor serving: When youve fried all the wings, put them into a large bowl, pour in the wing sauce, and toss to coat all the wings with sauce. Pile the wings onto a platter, sprinkle on some of the Chicken Shake and serve with blue cheese dressing and cucumber if desired.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and mix to blend., ingredients: [4 cups water, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup coarse kosher salt, 3 pounds chicken wings, separated into flats and drumettes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 1 cup hot sauce we use Cholula, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornstarch, 14 cup cornmeal, 3 tablespoons chipotle powder, Peanut oil, for frying, Chicken Shake, recipe follows, Blue cheese dressing, optional, 12 English cucumber, sliced into sticks, optional, 14 cup berbere, 14 cup hot smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons celery salt, 1 12 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 12 teaspoons coarse kosher salt], title: Wild Wild Wings, picturelink: BK92X4TTW8iuS2N0VV5KqLIu05WV9Ji}, 3675: {instructions: Whisk salad dressingmarinade ingredients together in a bowl. Reserve 12 cup and strain for salad dressing. Marinate duck breasts in remainder of dressingmarinade, refrigerated, for at least 6 hours but no longer than overnight.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat large saute pan over medium high heat and cook duck breasts on skin side first until most of fat is rendered, about 3 minutes. Turn duck breasts and sear flesh side for 1 minute. Finish in oven and cook until medium rare, about 2 minutes. Let rest for 15 minutes.nClean and tear curly, separate Belgian endive leaves, and clean cress. Toss greens with most of the dressing, figs, and pecans. Cut duck breasts into 6 slices. Place greens in a mound in center of individual plates and arrange the sliced duck breasts around the outside. Drizzle any extra dressing around the plate., ingredients: [14 cup minced ginger, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 orange, zested, 13 cup molasses, 13 cup pomegranate molasses, 13 cup maple syrup, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 cup oil, 2 pieces star anise, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless Long Island duck breasts, skin scored and excess fat removed, 1 head green curly endive, 2 heads Belgian endive, 12 pound upland cress, or other baby cress, 1 cup dried calamata figs, stemmed and quartered, 12 cup toasted pecan pieces], title: Spiced Molasses Duck Breast Salad, picturelink: null}, 3676: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the pork and broccoli rabe: Butterfly the pork, cut the meat across, but not all the way through, and open the shoulder up like a book. If the meat is a little uneven, then pound it out to even. Sprinkle the pork evenly across the surface with the rosemary, fennel seeds, red pepper flakes, garlic and some salt and pepper. Grate the onion over the meat with the large side of a box grater or with a wide tooth fine grater and spread it around the meat. Roll and tie the pork with kitchen string to secure. If using, rub the skin with the baking soda for extra crispy skin. Drizzle or spray with a little oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nRoast the pork on the center rack, covered with foil, to an internal temperature of 145 degrees F, about 2 12 hours. Remove the foil and broil to crisp the skin, 15 to 20 minutes. Let the pork rest before slicing.nBring a few inches of water to a boil in a deep skillet. Salt the water, then add the rabe and boil to cook out the bitterness, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain.nFor the gremolta: Place the lemon zest on a cutting board and pile the parsley, garlic and chiles on top. Finely chop them all together to combine them. Cut the zested lemon into 10 wedges.nToast the split ciabatta and drizzle with EVOO. Arrange 3 to 4 thin slices of pork in sandwich and douse with a squirt of lemon juice, top with gremolata and rabe and set tops in place., ingredients: [One 5pound pork shoulder, boned, skinon, 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 23 palmful, 1 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, half a palmful, 1 head 8 to 10 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, 1 small onion, peeled1 teaspoon baking soda, optional, EVOO, for liberal drizzling, 2 bundles broccoli rabe, trimmed into 5 to 6inch stalks, 10 ciabatta rolls, 6 to 8 inches long, 1 large ripe lemon, zested and reserved, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 fresh Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped], title: Pork and Broccoli Rabe Ciabatta Subs, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 3677: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter a 1 12 quart souffle dish. In a heavybottomed saucepan, bring the milk to a boil, being careful not to allow it to scorch or boil over. Remove from the heat and reserve. In a second saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the flour, stirring with a wooden spoon, until completely combined. Pour 13 of the milk into the butter mixture and, using a wire whisk, incorporate it completely before adding the remaining milk. When all of the milk has been added, continue cooking over low heat for 5 minutes.nAdd the cheese to the hot milk mixture, stirring carefully. Do not let the mixture boil or the cheese will separate. Stir in the jalapeno, salt and pepper and remove from heat.nLet the liquid cool for 5 minutes, add several tablespoons of liquid to the egg yolks and stir together. Then add the yolks to the cheese and milk mixture slowly, stirring with a wooden spoon. Transfer the mixture to a mixing bowl and allow to cool completely before finishing the souffle. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg whites to stiff peaks. Fold 13 of the beaten whites into the cheese mixture and then carefully fold in the remaining whites, being careful not to deflate the whites. Pour the souffle mixture into the souffle dish and bake for 45 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 tablespoons sifted, allpurpose flour, 1 cup hot milk, 1 cup sharp cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh jalapenos, 14 cup chopped scallions, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 eggs, separated], title: Chili Cheese Souffle, picturelink: null}, 3678: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8inch square baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT butter and brown sugar in medium bowl until smooth and fluffy. Beat in extract. Mix in flour, baking powder and oats until mixture is crumbly. Reserve 12cup for topping. Pat remaining crumbs into bottom of prepared pan.nSPOON preserves evenly over crumb crust in pan. Sprinkle with reserved crumb topping.nBAKE 30 to 40 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on wire rack. Cut into bars., ingredients: [12 cup butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 tsp. almond or vanilla extract, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 cup rolled oats, quick or old fashioned, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Red Raspberry Preserves, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray], title: Chewy Red Raspberry Bars, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 3679: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the sugar, salt, cinnamon, allspice, ginger and cloves in a bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle and mix until combined. Add the eggs and continue mixing. Add the pumpkin and mix until combined. Gradually add the cream and evaporated milk.nUse a sharp paring knife to cut out the top of the acorn squash you could also use minipumpkins. Use a melon baller to spoon out the contents of the squash. Remove some of the meat from the side of the squash so the sides are about 12inch thick.nFill each squash with the pumpkin mixture. Place the squash in a baking dish and add about 1inch of water to the bottom of the pan. A water bath will protect the eggs from scrambling. Place in the oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for another 40 to 50 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for about 2 hours.nPlace the egg whites in a mediumsize mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until foamy. Increase the mixer speed to mediumhigh and gradually add the granulated sugar. Whip to stiff glossy peaks. Use a rubber spatula to fold in the powdered sugar. Place the meringue in a piping bag fitted with a star tip. Top each squash opening with the meringue. Place the meringuetopped squash under the broiler until lightly browned you could also use a minitorch to lightly brown the meringue. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon fresh grated ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 4 eggs, slightly beaten, 30 ounces pumpkin puree, 14 cup cream, 20 ounces evaporated milk, 6 acorn squash or mini pumpkins, 6 egg whites 200 grams, 1 cup plus 2 teaspoons granulated sugar 200 grams, 2 cups minus 1 tablespoon powdered sugar 200 grams], title: Pumpkin Pie in Squash Cups, picturelink: null}, 3680: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season chicken with salt and ancho chile powder. Sear, skinside down, in the oil until golden brown. Turn over and brown on the other side. Remove the chicken to a plate.nAdd the onion to the pan and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute longer. Add the chicken back to the pot, add the chiles, stock, and cilantro, and bring to a boil. Cover and roast in the oven until the chicken easily falls away from the bone, about 40 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pot and strain the cooking liquid into a bowl.nWhen the chicken is cool enough to handle, remove bones and cut or shred the meat into bitesized pieces. Place the reserved cooking liquid into a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Add the shredded chicken, turn off the heat and let warm.nDivide the warm chicken among the warm tortillas, top with Salsa Verde and chopped cilantro.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and jalapeno and cook until soft. Add the tomatillos and cook until soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a blender, add the lime juice, honey, and cilantro, and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds chicken legs and thighs, skin removed, Salt, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 ancho chile, coarsely chopped, 2 New Mexican chilies, coarsely chopped, 4 cups chicken stock, 6 sprigs cilantro, plus more chopped, for garnish, 12 flour tortillas, warmed, Salsa Verde, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped, 1 jalapeno, coarsely diced, 8 tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: New MexicanStyle Soft Tacos with Hacked Chicken and Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 3681: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan set over high heat, add 1 cup water, the agave, 2 tablespoons salt, the cumin, cracked black pepper, garlic, oregano, 2 of the anchos, 1 of the chipotles, 2 of the guajillos, the beer and limes. Cook, stirring, until the salt dissolves. Remove from the heat, add the ice, and stir until cool. Pour the brine into a large, resealable plastic bag and add the pork chops. Seal the bag and refrigerate for up to 1 hour.nPreheat the grill to high heat and wipe the grates down carefully with some oiled paper towels to clean and create a nonstick surface.nIn a dry skillet set over mediumhigh heat add the remaining 1 ancho, 2 chipotles and 1 guajillo chile. Cook the chiles until fragrant and lightly charred, 1 to 2 minutes. Place the chiles in a spice grinder and grind to a fine powder. In a small bowl, add the chile powder, cumin, granulated garlic, sugar, paprika, the remaining 12 tablespoon salt, the mustard and ground black pepper. Mix to combine, and set aside.nRemove the pork chops from the brine, then pat dry and brush with the canola oil. Coat evenly all over with the spice rub. Grill the pork chops for 2 12 minutes. Rotate the chops 90 degrees and cook another 2 12 minutes to create crosshatch sear marks. Flip the chops over and repeat the same process on the second side. Move the chops to an area of the grill with medium heat and continue cooking until cooked through and an internal thermometer inserted in the chops reads 145 degrees F for medium doneness, 7 to 8 minutes. Rest the chops for 5 to 7 minutes for the juices to redistribute.nServe the pork chops with the Grilled Green Chile Sauce spooned over the top and garnish with Pico De Gallo.nIn a large bowl, add the hatch chiles, Anaheim chiles, jalapenos, poblanos, onions and scallions. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and 1 teaspoon of the salt, and mix to coat. Grill the chiles, onions and scallions until charred, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Set the scallions and onions aside place the chiles in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and steam for 6 to 8 minutes. Once the chiles cool, carefully scrape away and discard the charred skin, then remove the stems and seeds, and roughly chop. In the bowl of a food processor, add the chiles, onions, scallions, the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the remaining 1 teaspoon salt, the vinegar, garlic, lime juice, zest and cilantro. Process until smooth and bright green, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in a bowl, then cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a small bowl add the tomatoes, lemon juice, jalapenos, celery juice, cilantro, oil, salt, garlic and onions. Mix to combine, then cover and refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the excess liquid before serving., ingredients: [14 cup light agave, 2 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 3 dried ancho chiles, stemmed, broken and some seeds removed, 3 dried chipotle chiles, stemmed, broken and some seeds removed, 3 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed, broken and some seeds removed, One 12ounce bottle Mexican beer, 1 lime, quartered, 2 cups ice cubes, 4 doublecut, bonein pork loin chops each about 1 12inches thick, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for greasing, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Grilled Green Chile Sauce, recipe follows, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 4 hatch chiles, 2 Anaheim chiles, 2 jalapenos, 2 poblano chiles, 1 medium sweet onion, halved, 12 bunch scallions, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice and zest of 1 lime, 12 bunch cilantro, rinsed, 2 cups diced Roma tomatoes, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons seeded, stemmed and minced jalapenos, 1 tablespoon fresh celery juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 sweet onion, cut into 14inch dice], title: Mexican Chile Pork Chops, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 3682: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 3 12quart casserole dish with nonstick spray.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery and onions and saute until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in the sage, thyme and garlic and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute until very fragrant and all the vegetables are very soft and the onions are translucent, another 3 minutes. Stir in the chopped pecans in the last minute of cooking. Remove from the heat.nAdd the cornbread and country bread to a very large bowl. Add the cooked vegetables and toss together. Whisk together the broth and eggs in a medium bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the bread and mix together with a wooden spoon until completely combined. Pour the dressing into the casserole dish and bake until cooked through and golden on top, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 stalks celery with leaves, finely chopped, 1 large Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 14 cup loosely packed fresh sage, chopped, 1 heaping tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 cups chopped pecans, 5 cups crumbled dayold cornbread, homemade or store bought, 5 cups cubed country loaf bread, toasted, 2 cups homemade or lowsodium chicken broth, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Country Cornbread Dressing with Pecans, picturelink: Hbou4NL78nKb2IRP41Dpao26fJkOhvm}, 3683: {instructions: Combine 1 34 cups of chilled water, 4 tablespoons freshsqueezed lemon juice and 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable. Stir to dissolve. Serve over ice.nor 4 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener, ingredients: [], title: Fresh Squeezed Lemonade, picturelink: FvYVuWg3Diislsx0or5KY2BCPgkzx3m}, 3684: {instructions: Combine the squash, ricotta, 34 cup parmesan, the rosemary and nutmeg in a medium bowl. In another bowl, combine the marinara sauce and basil.nSpread 12 cup of the marinara in a large nonstick skillet. Cover with 2 lasagna noodles. Spread half of the ricotta mixture on top of the noodles, then sprinkle with onethird of the mozzarella. Add another layer of noodles, the remaining ricotta mixture, 1 cup marinara and half of the remaining mozzarella. Top with the remaining 2 noodles, then the remaining marinara and mozzarella. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup parmesan.nCover and cook over mediumlow heat until the pasta is tender and the cheese is melted, about 20 minutes. Check halfway through: If the edges seem dry, add up to 12 cup water. Let rest 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 12ounce package frozen chopped butternut or winter squash, thawed, 1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 1 cup grated parmesan andor pecorino romano cheese about 2 ounces, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups jarred marinara sauce, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 6 noboil lasagna noodles, 2 cups shredded partskim mozzarella about 8 ounces], title: Skillet Lasagna with Butternut Squash, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 3685: {instructions: In a hot pan clarify butter, add mushrooms and saute 2 minutes. Add shallots saute for 2 minutes. Add apples, chipotle and flour, saute 2 minutes. Add calvados and flambe. Add stock and bring to a boil. Add asparagus, stir, add pasta, cook 3 minutes. Add black peppercorns, and salt, toss. Serve garnished with greens., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 1 pound fresh morels, sliced if large, 12 cup minced shallots, 3 granny smith apples, cored and julienned with skin attached, 1 chipolte pepper, dry, minced, 1 tablespoon flour, 14 cup calvados, 12 cup vegetable stock, 12 pound fresh pencil asparagus tips, 12 pound cooked Lancaster butter noodles, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper corns, Salt to taste, 12 cup watercress or baby mustard greens], title: Fresh Morels with Apples and Butter Noodles, picturelink: null}, 3686: {instructions: In a bowl blend together the crawfish seasoning mixture. Add the crawfish tails, and reserve in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. Make the gumbo: Place the vegetable oil in a heavy skillet over high heat. When its smoking, add the flour, about 13 at a time, whisking well after each addition. Cook over fairly high heat, whisking constantly, until the roux reaches a dark, reddish brown, about 10 minutes. If the roux seems about to burn youll start to notice a burning smell, move the pan off the heat for a few minutes continuing to whisk. When the roux is ready, add the garlic, onions, celery, bell peppers, and scallions. Place the pan over low heat, and cook the vegetables in the roux for 5 minutes. Bring the stock to a boil in a large soup pot. When the vegetables have cooked in the roux, add the rouxvegetable mixture to the boiling stock by 14 cupfuls, blending well. Crush the tomatoes in your hands, and add them, along with the liquid in the cans, to the soup pot. Add the bay leaves, thyme, oregano, allspice, cayenne, cloves, hot sauce and lemon juice. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to a simmer, and cook for20 minutes, partially covered. Add the andouille and simmer the gumbo for another 20 minutes, partially covered. Add the seasoned crawfish tails, and simmer for 5 minutes. Off the heat, blend in the file powder, blending until the desired thickness is reached. Taste for seasoning. Serve immediately over rice. Garnish with the whole, boiled crawfish., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons paprika, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon dried basil leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 pounds shelled crawfish tails or 2 pounds shelled shrimp, 23 cup vegetable oil, 23 cup flour, 14 cup minced garlic, 2 cups minced celery, 2 cups minced onions, 1 cup minced green pepper, 1 cup minced red bell pepper, 1 cup minced scallions or green onions, 2 quarts plus 1 cup crawfish stock, shrimp stock, or bottled clam juice, 2 28ounce cans tomatoes, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons dried thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons dried oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 2 cloves, 12 teaspoon Louisiana hot sauce, or to taste, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut in 14inch slices, 1 to 2 tablespoons file powder, cooked rice as accompaniment, whole, boiled crawfish if available for garnish], title: Spicy Red FileThickened Gumbo with Crawfish and Andouille, picturelink: null}, 3687: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8 by 8inch baking pan with butter or nonstick spray.nTopping: Mix the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice and salt in large bowl. Blend the butter into the mixture until it forms peasize lumps. Stir in the pecans.nCakes:nIn a mediumsized bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.nIn another bowl, add the butter and sugar and beat with a hand mixer until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time. Stir in the buttermilk and the vanilla. Slowly add the dry ingredients and stir until completely incorporated. Fold in the berries with a rubber spatula, then add the batter to the baking pan. Sprinkle the streusel topping over the batter. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool for before serving., ingredients: [Butter or nonstick spray, for pan, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, Pinch salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup buttermilk, well shaken, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups fresh blueberries thawed, if frozen], title: Blueberry Buckle, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 3688: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the soy sauce, oil, sugar, sherry, vinegar, garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and add the pork tenderloin. Seal the bag and marinate the pork in the refrigerator, turning once, for 12 hour, or up to 8 hours.nPreheat the broiler. Place the pork on a roasting pan and broil for 15 minutes, turning once., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 garlic clove, crushed with a garlic press or minced, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pound pork tenderloin], title: Teriyaki Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 3689: {instructions: Layer custard style fruit yogurt with granola or Grape nuts and chunks of cut fruit. The fruit costs more cut than fresh, but when your cooking for 1, whole pineapples and melons can be daunting. Here, its worth the extra cost to treat your body to some fresh fruit., ingredients: [1 singleserve cup fruit flavored custard style low fat yogurt, 14 cup granola or Grape Nuts, 1 cup cut fruit from in store service deli], title: Yogurt and Fruit Dessert Cup, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 3690: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the inside of a springform pan with aluminum foil and smooth out as much as possible. Once lined, spray the inside with cooking spray. In a food processor, combine cookie crumbs, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, oil, and coffee and blend well. Press into the bottom of the prepared pan, and set aside.nIn a food processor, combine cream cheese, cottage cheese, cornstarch, egg, and egg whites until very smooth. Add cocoa powder, brown sugar, sugar substitute, vanilla, and salt and puree until smooth. Finally, add melted chocolate and puree until smooth. Blend well and then pour into crustlined pan. Place pan in a shallow baking dish and place in oven. Carefully pour enough water into pan to come up halfway up the sides of the cheesecake pan. Bake until edges are firm, about 1 hour. Turn oven off and let cake cool in the oven for 1 hour. Refrigerate, uncovered, until chilled, at least 3 hours., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup lowfat chocolate wafer cookie crumbs from about 3 cups, 1 tablespoon plus 1 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon instant espresso, dissolved in 2 teaspoons water, 12 ounces light cream cheese, 24 ounces nonfat cottage cheese, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 egg, 2 egg whites, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: Chocolate Cheese Cake, picturelink: FgXXG75b7fI5KtCR0YvkjyfQoGgyGCq}, 3691: {instructions: Clean crabs by removing gills and cutting off the eyes and mouth.nPlace crabs on pan or aluminum foil. Place on grill over a low fire. Baste the crabs with the Lemon Butter Sauce. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Continue to baste during cooking. Before serving, top each crab with a slice of tomato and a small amount of mozzarella cheese. Allow cheese to melt. Remove from grill. Serve immediately.nAdd lemon juice and other seasonings. Seasonings may be adjusted for personal taste. Allow to simmer for about 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 to 8 softshell crabs, Lemon Butter Sauce, recipe follows, Sliced tomatoes, Mozzarella cheese, 1 pound butter, 8 to 10 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt], title: Grilled SoftShell Crabs, picturelink: null}, 3692: {instructions: For the dough: Sift together the flour, baking powder, garlic powder and salt in a mixing bowl cut in the shortening. Blend in a mixer until the shortening fully mixes with the flour. Separately beat the egg with 2 cups cold water. Slowly add the beaten egg and water to the flour mixture while mixing until a firm dough ball forms, about 5 minutes. Allow to rest and chill for at least 1 hour.nFor the filling: Roast the poblano pepper directly over a flame until they blister and blacken. Let cool, then peel the char off with a paper towel. Rinse the roasted pepper under water. Remove the stem and seeds and cut into 12inch pieces.nSaute half the onions in cooking oil in a large skillet over medium heat, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the ground chicken. Cook the chicken all the way through set aside in large mixing bowl.nAdd a bit more cooking oil, the remaining onions, the poblano peppers and garlic and saute until the onions soften. Add the butter and cook until melted. Add the flour, slowly coating the onions and peppers. Gradually add 1 cup water while stirring, until the mixture has a gravy consistency. Add the ancho chile powder, paprika, oregano, ground cumin, white pepper and salt to taste. Stir well and cook, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix the gravy with the cooked chicken, add the corn and allow to cool. Combine the cooled chicken and gravy with the cheese and lime juice.nHeat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Or, if baking the pies, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the dough about 14inch thick and cut out 12 to 15 discs, rerolling as needed. Spoon some chicken filling onto each disc. Pat the edges of the dough with water. Crimp with a dough press or fold dough over and press the edges firmly with your fingers.nFry until golden, 4 to 5 minutes or bake 15 to 20 minutes.nLet cool and enjoy with friends and family, ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Dash salt, 1 cup shortening, 1 egg, 1 poblano pepper, 12 cup diced yellow onion, Cooking oil, 1 pound ground chicken breast, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon oregano, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, Dash white pepper, Salt, 12 cup corn kernels, 12 cup Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, Juice from 12 lime], title: Chicken Relleno Pocket Pies, picturelink: null}, 3693: {instructions: Sift the flour into a large bowl and stir in the sugar, half of the cinnamon, and salt. Mix together and then add the oil. Once combined, slowly add the water, a little at a time, and mix with your hands until a soft dough forms, you may not need all of the water.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until the dough is smooth and bounces back when poked with a finger, about 5 minutes.nDivide the dough into 8 pieces and roll out into 14inch thick disks. Let rest while you make the orange honey syrup.nMelt the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oranges with the syrup and toss to coat with the butter. When the butter starts to brown just a bit, remove the pan from the heat and add the orange liqueur and the remaining cinnamon. Pour the honey over the oranges and heat just until the honey starts to foam, about 3 minutes.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large cast iron skillet to 350 degrees F. Add the dough disks to the hot oil, in batches, until they are golden and have puffed up, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towel to drain.nCut the fry bread in quarters and arrange on a platter. Pour the orange mixture over the top and garnish with a generous amount of powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus bench flour, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, 1 12 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 to 1 12 cups warm water, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14ounce can Mandarin orange segments with syrup, 3 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Triple Sec, 1 cup honey, 3 cups canola oil, for frying, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Fry Bread with Caramelized Oranges and Honey Syrup, picturelink: null}, 3694: {instructions: Whisk all ingredients except salmon together in a bowl place in large resealable bag. Add Alaska Salmon seal bag and turn several times to coat. Marinate in refrigerator for 15 to 30 minutes. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Transfer salmon and some of the onions to a spraycoated baking dish. Cover pan and roast about 15 minutes, cooking just until fish is opaque throughout.nVariation: Place marinated salmon on welloiled grill preheated to mediumhigh heat 450 degrees F. Cook 8 to 10 minutes, turning once during cooking. Cook just until fish is opaque throughout., ingredients: [1 cup about 4 to 6 finely chopped green onions, 12 cup bottled teriyaki marinade, 12 cup Reisling wine, 1 Tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 Tablespoon minced ginger, 1 Tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 4 Alaska Salmon steaks or fillets 6 to 8 oz. each, fresh or thawed], title: EurAsian Marinated Alaska Salmon, picturelink: wq73bBeuf1GCxV.Hg35o0gW.9MVOY2}, 3695: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes while stirring constantly to make a roux. Add beer and bring to slow boil. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally until mixture thickens to the consistency of heavy cream. Add Worcestershire, mustard and cayenne, stirring thoroughly. Add cheese 1 cup at a time, melting cheese after each addition. Stir fondue until it is smooth. Turn into fondue pot and serve with cubed Cracked Wheat Beer Bread.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Follow ingredients on bread mix package substituting beer for the water. Stir chopped thyme into the melted butter, then stir into the bread batter. Pour batter into a loaf pan coated with baking spray. Bake until browned on top and tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Allow to cool for 10 minutes, then cube for fondue. Yield: 1 loaf, ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12ounce bottle lager beer, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cups shredded Cheddar, Cracked Wheat Beer Bread, recipe follows, 1 1pound box quickmix cracked wheatstyle bread mix, 1 12ounce bottle beer, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Nonstick baking spray], title: Cheesy Beer Fondue, picturelink: null}, 3696: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nHeat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the papaya and cook until soft. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with honey and salt and pepper to taste.nPlace rice flour in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix eggs and milk in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Place cornmeal in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Season trout with salt and pepper, dip into rice flour, then egg mixture then cornmeal. Repeat with remaining trout. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet until almost smoking. Saute 2 trout at a time until golden brown on both sides. Transfer to a large baking sheet and repeat with the remaining 2 trout. Place in the oven and bake for 5 to 6 minutes until just cooked through., ingredients: [2 fresh papaya, peeled, seeds removed and finely diced, 2 tomatillos, finely diced, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 cloves finely chopped garlic, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped garlic, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 ripe papayas, peeled, seeds removed and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups rice flour, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 2 cups white cornmeal, 4 8 ounce whole trout, scaled and gutted, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Crispy White Corn Brook Trout with Papaya Sauce and PapayaTomatillo Relish, picturelink: null}, 3697: {instructions: Mix together and serve., ingredients: [2 yellow tomatoes, sliced into 8 pieces, 2 red tomatoes, sliced into 8 pieces, 1 head fennel, shaved, 2 ounces red onion, shaved, 4 teaspoons basil, chiffonade, 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces red wine vinegar, kosher salt, coarse black pepper], title: Tomato and Shaved Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 3698: {instructions: Heat sesame oil and saute ginger 30 seconds. Add scallions and saute 30 seconds. Stir in soy sauce and evaporate a second. Stir in eggs and stir to softly scramble. Remove from heat and transfer to a bowl stir in carrots, steamed napa cabbage and chili paste to taste.nDivide wrappers into half, so you can make mini egg rolls. Set each wrapper at such an angle that the points of the wrapper face north, south, east and west. Set a bit of filling in bottom third of wrapper. Bring bottom point over filling and tuck it underneath roll the filling up a bit to secure tightly. Bring right point of wrapper over filling to form a neat right angle bring left side of wrapper over right side to form a left right angle, and dab this top point with egg yolk. Roll the egg roll up to secure tightly. The egg yolk will seal the wrapper to itself.nCan be frozen for up to a week. Deep fry straight from freezer otherwise partially thaw before frying.nTo fry: Heat the oil and deep fry long enough for the rolls to float to surface turning them, for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain immediately on double thickness of paper towels. Once drained, set on a rack so bottom does not get soggy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame oil, Slice of ginger, minced, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 eggs, lightly beaten with a tablespoon of water, 12 cup carrot, grated, 14 pound Napa cabbage shredded  steamed, squeezed dry, and finely chopped, Chinese chili paste, to taste, 50 Square egg roll wrappers, Egg yolk, Oil for deep frying], title: Mini Egg Rolls, picturelink: null}, 3699: {instructions: Make the doughnut holes: Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then beat in the vanilla and orange zest until light and fluffy, about 2 more minutes. Reduce the speed to low and gradually beat in the flour mixture, alternating with the sour cream, until a sticky dough forms, about 2 minutes. Cover the dough with plastic wrap refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight.nCoat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 340 degrees F. Meanwhile, roll out the dough until 12 inch thick on a floured surface. The dough will be sticky. Cut out rounds using a 1inchround cookie cutter, dipping the cutter in flour each time. Place the rounds on the prepared baking sheet.nSet a rack on another baking sheet. Working in batches, carefully fry the doughnut holes until puffed and browned, 30 seconds per side. Transfer to the rack using a slotted spoon or wire strainer.nMake the glaze: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Put the chocolate in a small heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream to a boil in a small saucepan and immediately pour over the chocolate cover and let stand 5 minutes. Whisk until the chocolate is melted and smooth, then whisk in the corn syrup and vanilla. Set aside until cooled and thickened, about 5 minutes. Dip the doughnut holes in the glaze, transfer to the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with nonpareils. Let sit at least 1 hour before serving.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 34 cup sour cream, Nonstick cooking spray, Vegetable oil or shortening, for frying, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Orange and black nonpareils, for decorating], title: Chocolate Doughnut Holes, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 3700: {instructions: Bring a large stock pot of water to a boil over medium heat, then add in the salt and the cauliflower. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saute pan, and saute the garlic and red pepper flakes for 1 minute. Remove the cauliflower from water with a large strainer or spider and add it to the pan with the garlicred pepper mixture. Saute briefly until starting to brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the chicken stock, add in the spinach, cover and let wilt for 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and capers with juice and reduce the heat. Remove the cover and let simmer for 5 minutes.nReturn the cauliflower water to boil, adding more water, if necessary, to cook the pasta. Add the pasta add cook to al dente. Remove the pasta from the water and add it to the pan with the sauce, adding a little pasta water, if needed. Stir gently to combine, transfer to a serving bowl and sprinkle with half of the cheese. Garnish with the parsley and drizzle the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Serve immediately with remaining cheese on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 head cauliflower, cut into flowerets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons olive oil best quality, for drizzling, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon sliced garlic, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 bunch fresh spinach about 3 cups, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes best quality, 3 tablespoons capers, with 1 tablespoon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound paccheri pasta large tube approximately 2.5inches long by 2inches wide, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves], title: Paccheri Pasta with Cauliflower and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 3701: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a large castiron skillet with nonstick spray over mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the chicken with the Paula Deen House Seasoning. Combine the buttermilk, hot sauce, egg whites and lemon zest and juice in a large bowl and toss the chicken to coat.nPour the cornflake crumbs into another large bowl. Dip the chicken into the crumbs, pressing to adhere, and then place in the skillet and into the oven. Bake until the chicken is golden brown and cooked through or an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 40 to 45 minutes.nMix together the salt, garlic powder and pepper and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 skinless boneless chicken thighs, trimmed of all visible fat about 1 12 pounds, 12 teaspoon Paula Deens House Seasoning, recipe follows, 14 cup lowfat buttermilk, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 egg whites, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 14 cups cornflake crumbs, 1 cup salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup black pepper], title: Unfried Chicken, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 3702: {instructions: Preheat grill to high heat.nBring a large pot of salted water, over medium heat, to a boil.nRemove the ribs from the collard greens and discard. Put the leaves into the boiling, water, then add the bacon slices and blanch the collard greens for about 2 minutes. Remove the leaves from the water and place into an ice water bath to stop the cooking process.nRemove the collards from the ice water and stack the leaves flat on top of each other, about 7 to 9 at a time. Put the stacked collards on the grill for 4 minutes per side.nTransfer the leaves from the grill to a cutting board and roughly chop. Put into a serving bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 1 bunch collard greens, 2 to 3 slices bacon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 3703: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Salt and pepper the ribs, then dredge them in the flour. Set aside.nIn a large Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium heat until completely crispy and all the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon and set aside. Drain off any excess fat.nAdd the olive oil to the pan with the bacon fat and raise the heat to high. Brown the ribs on all sides, about 45 seconds per side. Remove the ribs and set aside.nLower the heat to medium. Add the carrots, shallots and onions to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Splash in the wine and scrape the bottom of the pan to release all the flavorful bits of glory. Add the broth, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper and bring to a boil. Taste and add more salt if needed. Add the ribs to the liquid they should be almost completely submerged. Add the thyme and rosemary sprigs whole to the liquid. Finally, add the cooked bacon.nPut on a lid and transfer to the oven. Cook until the ribs are forktender and falling off the bone, 2 to 2 12 hours. Remove the pan from the oven and allow to sit for at least 20 minutes with the lid on before serving. At the last minute, skim the fat off the top of the liquid. You can also refrigerate the mixture, then remove the solid fat from the top.nFor each serving, arrange 2 ribs on a bed of the grits, spooning a little juice over the top.nCook the grits according to the package instructions, adding the salt with the water. Turn off the heat just before the grits are done.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the eggs. To temper the eggs before adding them to the hot grits, throw a couple of spoonfuls of the hot grits into the eggs. Begin stirring immediately and continue stirring until the mixture is well combined.nPour the egg mixture into the grits. Stir constantly to incorporate the eggs into the grits. Add the butter and stir until melted. Next, add the cheese and stir until melted. Add the cayenne and garlic and stir well to combine. Taste and adjust the seasonings, adding more salt or cayenne if necessary. You could also add more cheese if you think that will bring happiness to your life, but keep in mind that some cheeses increase the salt content more than others.nButter a 9by13inch baking dish and pour the grits into the dish. Bake until the grits are hot and bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. The grits will become firmer as they cool., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 beef short ribs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 6 thin slices bacon, diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 carrots, diced, 2 shallots, finely minced, 1 medium onion, diced, Splash of red wine, 4 cups beef broth enough to almost cover the ribs, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, Cheese Grits, recipe follows, or regular grits, for serving, 2 cups stoneground grits, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more if needed, 4 large eggs, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces, plus more for buttering the dish, 3 cups grated sharp Cheddar or other cheese, plus more if needed, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, plus more if needed, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: I5sXzpAzysGHvByFJlhqp8cavsTNx5C}, 3704: {instructions: Some thinsliced chicken breast has been sliced crosswise, so they look like thin rounds and strips others look like large cutlets. If your market has the large ones, slice them on an angle into 2 or 3 pieces, so they look like veal scallops.nTrim any fat from chicken and slice if necessary as described above arrange chicken pieces in a single layer on a large plate or a tray. In a small bowl, mix flour, salt and hot paprika. Sprinkle half of seasoned flour over chicken. Turn pieces over and dust with remaining seasoned flour.nIn a large skillet, heat oil over high heat. Add lemon slices and cook 1 minute on each side remove and set aside. Add chicken pieces to pan in a single layer and cook until golden brown outside and white inside but still juicy, 1 to 2 minutes on each side remove to a platter.nMelt 1tablespoon butter in same skillet over medium heat. Add shallot and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Pour in wine and broth and bring to a boil over high heat, scraping up any brown bits from bottom of pan with a wooden spatula boil until reduced by half, about 1 minute. Stir in lemon juice and remaining butter, strain sauce over chicken, garnish, ingredients: [1 pound thin sliced skinless, boneless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon hot paprika, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large lemonhalf thinly sliced, half juiced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium shallot, chopped, 13 cup white wine or dry vermouth, 13 cup chicken broth], title: Quick Chicken Piccata, picturelink: null}, 3705: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nLightly oil a medium sized baking sheet. Roll or stretch dough to fit into oiled pan.nPlace in oven and bake for 8 minutes.nRemove from oven and evenly coat with the Hawaiian Sauce leaving a 1 inch border from the edge of the dough. Top with leftover pulled pork, pineapple chunks and sprinkle with cheese. Scatter the top with the onion and season salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bake for about 20 minutes until the cheese has melted and the crust turns golden brown. Garnish with fresh cilantro. Slice and serve.nIn small bowl, combine teriyaki mix, paprika and pepper.nCoat the pork the with rub mixture, patting until all rub is used. Set aside.nIn a bowl whisk together the chicken broth, brown sugar, soy sauce, chili sauce and pineapple juice. Set aside.nPut the chopped onions and carrots in a 5quart slow cooker. Place the pork on top of the carrots and onions and pour half of the pineapple juice mixture over pork. Reserve remainder for Hawaiian sauce. Cover and cook on low for 7 to 8 hours. The meat should fall apart easily. Remove the roast from the slow cooker to a cutting board. Using 2 forks carefully pull the meat into shreds. Serve the pork on rolls drizzled with the Hawaiian sauce or on the side for dipping. Reserve the remaining pulled pork for the Round 2 Recipes, Pulled Pork Pot Stickers and Hawaiian Pizza.nIn a medium pot heat the oil over medium heat. Add garlic and ginger and saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining pineapple juice mixture, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside..nPut the vinegar, sugar, reserved pineapple juice and cornstarch slurry into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce heat and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Reserve half of the sauce in a small serving bowl to be used as a dipping sauce alongside the skewers.nQuarter the red pepper and remove the core and seeds. Slice each quarter into 6 pieces. Cut each chicken thigh into 6 pieces.nPreheat a grill pan or an outdoor grill to medium heat.nOn each of the 8 skewers, place 1 chunk of pineapple, then a piece of chicken thigh, followed by a piece of red pepper. Repeat with another piece of pineapple then chicken, then red pepper. Season skewers with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the skewers on oiled grill, cooking for 4 minutes on each side. Brush the sweet and sour sauce all over the skewers and grill and additional 2 minutes per side. Remove to a serving dish and serve with the reserved sweet and sour sauce, for dipping., ingredients: [1 1pound bag refrigerated pizza dough, 1 cup leftover Hawaiian sauce from Hawaiian Pulled Pork Sandwiches recipe, 12 20ounce can pineapple chunks, leftover from sweet and sour chicken skewers, 12 cup leftover Hawaiian Pulled Pork, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cilantro, garnish, 1 packet teriyaki marinade recommended: McCormick Grill Mates, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 3 12 pounds pork shoulder, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 cup chili sauce, 1 6ounce can pineapple juice, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 8 hamburger rolls, 2 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 2 teaspoons garlic, chopped, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 20ounce can pineapple chunks, juice reserved, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 1 red pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 lb boneless skinless chicken boneless thighs about four thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: ROUND 2 RECIPE  Hawaiian Pizza, picturelink: null}, 3706: {instructions: In a frying pan, caramelize onions in olive oil or bacon grease. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add ground beef and cook until browned. Add beans and about 2 pinches of brown sugar, cook until heated through and consistency of a sandwich. Serve on bun with lettuce or shredded cabbage, if desired.nnIf desired, add one or more of the following before you add the ground beef: .nIf desired, add one or more of the following when you add the beans: .nOther spices as desired cayenne pepper, Worcestershire sauce, etc.., ingredients: [Olive oil or bacon grease, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 medium onions, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 large can baked beans not the tomato kind, 2 pinches brown sugar to taste, Buns, Optional: lettuce or shredded cabbage, 1 green pepper, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 12 to 34 cup ketchup to taste, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons yellow or brown mustard], title: Rushville Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 3707: {instructions: Prepare coating: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a shallow baking pan drizzle oil over shiitakes and toss to coat. Roast mushrooms, stirring once or twice, 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden. Keep oven at 450 degrees F.nMince roasted shiitake and in a shallow bowl stir together with bread crumbs, thyme, and rosemary and season with salt and pepper. Season flour with salt and pepper. Have ready in separate shallow bowls seasoned flour and egg.nWorking with 1 chicken breast at a time, dredge in flour, shaking off excess, and dip in egg, letting excess drip off. Coat chicken with mushroom mixture, gently knocking off excess, and transfer to a plate. Chicken may be prepared up to this point 2 hours ahead and chilled, uncovered, on a rack.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute chicken until golden, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer chicken with tongs to baking pan and roast in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until just cooked through.nMake creamed mushrooms while chicken is roasting: Wipe out skillet and cook shallot in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add shiitake, salt and pepper, to taste, and saute over moderately high heat, stirring, until mushrooms are softened and browned lightly. Stir in wine, vinegar, and rosemary and boil until all liquid is evaporated. Add cream and simmer, stirring, until thickened slightly, about 1 minute. Season mixture with salt and pepper.nServe chicken with creamed mushrooms., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 6 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps chopped coarse about, 13 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 2 whole skinless boneless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large shallot, minced about 14 cup, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps chopped coarse, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Heaping 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 cup heavy cream], title: ShiitakeCrusted Chicken with Creamed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 3708: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix all ingredients, tossing to combine. Chill for 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 13 cup heavy mayonnaise, 13 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 12 cup shelled walnuts, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 ounces white cabbage, shredded, 4 ounces red cabbage, shredded, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Waldorf Cole Slaw, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 3709: {instructions: Saute onions in 1 tablespoon chicken fat, until soft. Add liver and saute about 5 minutes or until liver is cooked. Allow mixture to cool. Chop and add salt and pepper. Add enough remaining chicken fat so that mixture holds together. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with grated black radish on lettuce leaves with crackers., ingredients: [2 medium onions, diced, 12 cup chicken fat, 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed of membrane, Salt and pepper, Grated Black Radish, Lettuce leaves, Matza Crackers], title: Chopped Liver, picturelink: null}, 3710: {instructions: Make the dressing: Whisk the mayonnaise, ketchup, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce and salt to taste in a small bowl until smooth.nCook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp, then transfer with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate to drain.nRoughly chop the lettuce, then toss with some of the dressing in a serving bowl. Top with the tomatoes and scallions. Scatter the bacon and blue cheese over the salad season with pepper and sprinkle with the parsley. Serve with more dressing on the side.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 or 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 6 thick strips smoked bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 head iceberg lettuce, 6 cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Chopped Iceberg Wedge, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 3711: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 325 degrees F.nCut the roast in half lengthwise and open it like a book. Combine the salt, pepper, garlic, parsley, fennel seeds and olive oil in a small bowl. Rub the seasoning mixture all over the pork, pressing the fennel seeds and garlic into the meat. Spread the chopped fennel bulb over the meat, the fold the meat back together and tie it with a string.nPlace the meat in a roasting pan, cover and bake for 2 12 to 3 12 hours. Toward the last 4050 minutes of cooking, scatter the potatoes, carrots, parsnips, and onions in the roasting pan around the meat, and continue to cook until pork is cooked through and falls apart when touched with a fork. Stir the vegetables now and then so they brown evenly.nAllow meat to sit for 5 minutes on a cutting board. To serve, pull the pork apart instead of slicing, and serve with the roasted vegetables. Garnish with feathery fennel tops., ingredients: [1 6pound boneless pork butt roast, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup fennel seeds, 14 cup olive oil, 1 fennel bulb, finely chopped, feather tops saved for garnish, 8 new potatoes, quartered, 4 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 4 parsnips, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 onions, cut into 2inch chunks], title: Porketta, picturelink: null}, 3712: {instructions: Toss the cabbage together in a large colander and set in the sink. Sprinkle the cabbage with salt and let stand for 15 minutes. The salt draws out some of its moisture so that the slaw remains crunchy.nIn a bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, oil, chile paste, peanut butter, and ginger. Toss together with the cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts and scallions season with salt and pepper. Garnish with sesame seeds before serving., ingredients: [1 head green cabbage, shredded, 12 head red cabbage, shredded, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon chile paste, 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated, 2 carrots, shredded, 1 cup bean sprouts, 4 scallions, julienned on the bias, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: null}, 3713: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPulse the chick peas, onion, garlic, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until finely chopped. Sprinkle with the flour, baking powder, then pulse until just combined. Transfer to a medium mixing bowl and add the sausage, stirring together with your hands. Cover and move to the refrigerator to chill for 30 minutes.nOnce chilled, divide the mixture into tablespoons, rolling into 1inch sized balls with wet hands. Heat the olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. In two batches, add the falafel balls and cook until lightly browned, about a minute and a half per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake in the oven until cooked through, about 10 minutes.nWhisk together the yogurt, lime juice, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Divide the lettuce between 4 serving plates, then drizzle with some of yogurt sauce. Divide falafel between plates and serve with hot sauce., ingredients: [9 ounces turkey sausage, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 12 a medium onion, chopped, 23 cup, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 1 cup greekstyle yogurt, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 romaine hearts, chopped, Hot sauce], title: Sausage Falafel with Romaine and Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 3714: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 by 2inch cake pan.nIn a bowl, combine the chocolate and butter and melt over a double boiler. Set aside to cool. In a mixer, using a wire whisk, whip the egg yolks with 1 ounce sugar until light and ribbony. Beat in the chocolate mixture.nIn another bowl, beat the egg whites and salt until soft peaks. Slowly add the remaining 3 ounces of sugar and continue to beat until stiff peaks. Fold in the flour and then fold in 13 of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it. Fold in the remaining egg whites, gently but thoroughly. Pour into prepared cake pan.nBake for 40 minutes or until done. To check for doneness, insert a paring knife in center of cake. It should come out dry. Remove from the oven and cool on a rack.nTo make the apricot filling: puree the apricot preserves. Stir in brandy.nSlice the cake into 3 equal layers. Spread half of the apricot filling on the bottom layer. Top with a second layer of cake. Spread the remaining apricot filling and top with the last layer of cake. Chill for at least 30 minutes.nTo make the glaze: in a bowl, combine the chocolate and butter. Melt over a doubleboiler. Bring the cream to a boil. Stir into the melted chocolate. Cool until it reaches glazing consistency. Spread over and around the cake. Chill for another 30 minutes before serving. Serve a slice with Schlagobers or whipped cream., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 3 ounces butter, 4 egg yolks, 1 ounce sugar, plus 3 ounces, 5 egg whites, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup flour, sifted, 1 12 cups apricot preserves, 1 tablespoon apricot brandy, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 1 ounce butter, 2 ounces heavy cream, Schlagobers, or whipped cream], title: Wolfgangs Sachertorte, picturelink: null}, 3715: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a vegetable peeler, remove the squashs hard shell. Trim about 12inch off the top and bottom ends so you can set each section of the squash flat on a cutting board. Cut the squash in half lengthwise. Scoop the seeds out with a spoon, and coarsely chop the squash into 12inch chunks. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. In a bowl, toss the squash with the oil, sage, spice blend, and 1 teaspoon salt and fresh ground pepper. Spread the squash in a single layer on the baking sheet. Roast the squash in the oven until very soft and beginning to brown, 40 to 50 minutes, stirring once or twice. Remove the squash from the oven and puree in a food processor with fresh nutmeg.nIn a large bowl, mix the squash puree, ricotta, Parmesan, eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cover and refrigerate the mixture until ready to use.nIn a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook the lasagna sheets until al dente. Drain the sheets and spread them on a baking sheet. Drizzle them lightly with oil and set aside.nPrepare the sauce: In a large saucepan, bring the milk to a slow simmer over medium heat. In a large pot, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Add the sage and garlic to the butter, cook for 30 seconds, then add the flour and stir. Add about 3 cups of the milk, and whisk vigorously to prevent lumps. Bring to a boil, while whisking continuously. Add the remaining milk and whisk again. Add the salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Adjust the heat to low to maintain a slow simmer, and cook until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes, whisking frequently. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Makes about 8 cups.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Spoon a ladle of bechamel into the dish and spread to coat the bottom. Place a single layer of lasagna sheets on top of the bechamel. Spread some of the squash mixture evenly over the lasagna sheets and sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of mozzarella cheese and 1 tablespoon of grated Parmesan on top. Repeat this step until all ingredients are used, starting with 2 to 3 ladles of bechamel for each layer. Keep building the layers until the pan is full to about 14inch from the top. Finish with cheese and sauce directly over the noodles. Bake in the middle of the oven for about 1 hour. Remove the cover, and continue cooking for another 15 minutes until golden brown and bubbling. Allow lasagna to rest before slicing. Serve warm.nTo assemble the lasagna: .nGrind fennel with mortar and pestle. Add the cinnamon and salt and continue grinding. Or grind in spice grinder for a rough grind., ingredients: [2 large butternut squash, about 3 to 5 pounds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon Fennel and Cinnamon Spice Blend, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups ricotta cheese or a 15ounce container, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 large eggs, 1 pound dried lasagna sheets about 24 sheets, each 6 12 by 3 inches, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 quarts whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon sage, minced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Butter, for dish, 1 pound mozzarella, grated, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Salt], title: Lasagna of Roasted Butternut Squash, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 3716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStuff and cook the snapper: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. If the fins are still on the fish, use kitchen scissors to cut them off they just fall apart when cooked. Sprinkle both the inside and the outside of the fish liberally with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, whole basil leaves, oregano sprigs, garlic and lemon slices.nUsing a very large 14inch saute pan or a small roasting pan oven safe heat about 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until smoking. Add the fish and cook until well browned on one side, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the fish overuse a large spatula and grab the tail if its not too hotand cook on the other side until well browned, about 2 minutes. Take the fish out of the pan and use wadded paper towels to wipe the pan clean of the oil.nCook the vegetables: Add another tablespoon of olive oil to the pan, a pinch of red pepper flakes, the tomatoes, potatoes, chopped oregano and a pinch of salt and cook until the tomatoes begin to lose some of their liquid, about 3 minutes. Return the fish to the pan, laying it on top of the vegetables and drizzle about a tablespoon of olive oil over it. Add the chicken broth to the pan and squeeze the remaining lemon half into the sauce in the pan. Cook on the stove another 3 to 4 minutes, basting the fish with the sauce and moving some of the tomatoes and potatoes in the pan on top of the fish.nFinish cooking the fish in the oven safe pan in the oven 18 to 19 minutes. To check for doneness, push the head down gently in the area between the nose and the top of the head when the head easily moves away from the back of the neck, it is ready.nTo serve: Remove the fish from the oven and carefully transfer it to a sided platter, pouring any liquid in its cavity back into the pan, and keep the fish warm. Return the pan to the stove over medium heat and cook the sauce and vegetables for a minute or two to concentrate the flavors. Add another tablespoon of olive oil to the pan, the chopped basil and season with additional salt and pepper if necessary. Pour the sauce and vegetables over the fish and serve, using a large spoon to remove servings off the fish. Dont forget to turn it over to eat off the other side, ingredients: [One 2 12 to 3pound whole head on red snapper, scaled and cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crushed red pepper flakes, 10 whole fresh basil leaves, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 5 small sprigs fresh oregano, plus 12 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, half sliced and half left whole, 4 to 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes about 8 ounces, cut in half, 6 to 8 fingerling potatoes about 10 ounces, cut into a 34inch dice and blanched, 1 cup homemade or lowsalt chicken broth], title: Moist Roasted Whole Red Snapper with Tomatoes, Basil and Oregano, picturelink: PHz.YWSEQ71rGiz8SXewTz6kI28HpN.}, 3717: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine blood orange juice and peel, sugar and water. Bring to a boil and reduce to approximately 1 cup. Allow to cool, cover and refrigerate syrup overnight. Strain out peel and pulp of orange. Whip cream to stiff peaks with 14 cup syrup. Spoon into blood orange halves. Sprinkle tops with almonds., ingredients: [Peel and juice of 1 blood orange, 1 cup sugar, Scant 14 cup water, 1 pint heavy cream, 2 blood oranges, halved, pulp removed, 12 cup toasted almonds, chopped], title: Blood Orange Fool, picturelink: null}, 3718: {instructions: Simmer 1 12 pounds diced red potatoes in salted water until tender drain. Cook 4 slices chopped bacon until crisp drain, reserving 2 tablespoons drippings. Add 1 bunch chopped scallions saute. Whisk in 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar and 2 teaspoons each dijon mustard and sugar bring to a simmer. Toss in 14 cup each chopped parsley and cornichons, the potatoes and bacon season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: German Potato Salad, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 3719: {instructions: Place clean rice, water, coconut milk, butter, and curry powder in a saucepot. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook rice, for about 15 minutes, then remove from the heat and allow to steam, covered, for 5 minutes.nUncover and add cooked shrimp, chiles, onions, tomatoes, pineapple, cilantro, papaya, and allspice. Season with salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste. Gently fold all together. Allow all the ingredients to set and marry for 3 to 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups jasmine rice, rinsed, 4 cups water, 1 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 pound 21 to 25 count per pound cooked tiger shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 Thai chiles, minced, 12 cup chopped greens onions, 1 cup medium diced plum tomatoes, 1 cup medium diced pineapple, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup medium diced papaya, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Shrimp Curry Rice, picturelink: null}, 3720: {instructions: With a fork, combine the butter and herbs. Form into a ball, wrap in waxed paper, and chill.nHeat a stainless steel skillet until very hot but not smoking. Add oil. Sprinkle salt and pepper on both sides of the steaks. Place in the skillet and cook for 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer filets to a cutting board. To the pan add shallots. Let cook for 1 minute, stirring. Add the red wine and let reduce until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Add the beef stock and let reduce by half. Stir in the fines herbes butter. Serve the filet mignon with the sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons softened butter, 1 tablespoon fines herbes equal parts chopped parsley, chives, chervil, and tarragon, 1 tablespoon oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 8ounce filet mignon, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 14 cup red wine, 12 cup beef stock, 2 tablespoons fines herbes butter], title: Panfried Filet Mignon, picturelink: null}, 3721: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or very large saute pan over very high heat until very hot. Add the ginger, garlic, and shallots, and saute for 1 minute. Add the prawns and cook just until they start to turn pink, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the mirin and lemongrass, and cook, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Add the stock and chile sauce, and cook until the prawns are just cooked through. Season, to taste, with soy sauce. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon peeled, chopped fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 36 prawns 16 to 20 count, peeled and deveined, heads on, if desired, 12 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons very finely minced lemongrass, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup sweet hot chile sauce or mae ploy, Soy sauce], title: ChileLemongrass Prawns, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 3722: {instructions: Place your baby new potatoes in a large saucepan filled with cold salted water and cook on medium heat until tender for about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, Place a colander over the boiling water and blanch the green peas for about 45 seconds.nDrain potatoes, transfer to large bowl and set aside to cool for a bit. Once potatoes are cooled slightly add the red onion, dill, chives, mayonnaise and peas. Drizzle with lemon juice and toss gently to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 pounds medium baby new potatoes, unpeeled, quartered, 1 cup frozen green peas, 34 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: LemonDill Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 3723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 325 degrees F and arrange racks in upper and lower third. Combine flour and salt in a medium bowl and whisk until aerated and evenly combined set aside.nPlace butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add sugar and vanilla and continue to mix until whipped and light, about 2 more minutes.nAdd half of the nuts and mix until evenly incorporated and nuts are broken up, about 1 minute. Add flour and mix until well combined, about 1 minute. Remove bowl from mixer and stir in remaining nuts.nShape dough into 1 tablespoon balls and place on baking sheets, spaced at least 1 inch apart. Bake, rotating pans halfway through, until underside of cookies are brown, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool 5 minutes on baking sheets.nMeanwhile, place some powdered sugar in a medium bowl. Once the cookies have cooled, roll them in the powdered sugar until just coated and tap off excess. Let cool completely and recoat in powdered sugar, tapping off excess sugar, before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon table salt, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, plus additional for coating, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 34 cups hazelnuts, toasted and finely chopped], title: Hazelnut Tea Cookies, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 3724: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat the snap peas lightly with olive oil. Season with sea salt and lots of black pepper. Roast in a single layer on a baking sheet or divide between 2 sheets until browned at the edges but still with some bite left to them, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds sugar snap peas, Olive oil, to coat, Fine sea salt, Coarse black pepper], title: Roasted Sugar Snap Peas with Black Pepper, picturelink: null}, 3725: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the potatoes into halves or quarters, as long as they are all about the same size. Place the potatoes in a large bowl and add the garlic and rosemary. Generously sprinkle with salt and oil. The potatoes will absorb a lot of oil and salt they will taste bland if we dont go big here.nLay the potatoes in a single layer on a sheet tray and roast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. Check the potatoes halfway through the cooking process to rearrange so the potatoes will have even cooking time and get evenly browned. The potatoes should be nice and brown and really well flavored. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve. Hot potato, ingredients: [8 ounces new potatoes, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Rosemary Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: 0ca57r2n4a1Zipk9whZXYtczLHQnqZy}, 3726: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, add 2 cups water, the ghost peppers, habaneros, tomato, onions and salt. Place over medium heat and simmer for 45 minutes. Allow the mixture to completely cool, and then place in a blender with the ghost pepper sauce and blend until smooth. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper if needed. Set the sauce aside.nPreheat a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nUsing a spiral slicer, spiral cut the russet potatoes into long ribbons. Carefully place the potato ribbons into the heated oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oil and allow to drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper.nDress the potato twister with the ghost pepper sauce, sour cream, green onions, pickled jalapenos, cheese sauce and serve., ingredients: [12 dried ghost peppers, stems removed, 2 Roma tomato, quartered, 4 fresh habanero peppers, stems removed, 1 white onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup storebought ghost pepper sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large russet potatoes, cleaned, 14 cup sour cream, 2 green onions, chopped, 2 pickled jalapenos, sliced, 12 cup cheese sauce], title: Spicy Potato Twister, picturelink: null}, 3727: {instructions: Slice the cheeses into small square slabs. Top each cutside of a fig with a piece of cheese. Wrap each fig up with a half slice of prosciutto. Secure with a bamboo pick. Arrange on a platter., ingredients: [4 ounces Brie cheese, 4 ounces gorgonzola cheese, 12 fresh figs, sliced in half, 12 thin slices prosciutto, cut in half], title: Figs Wrapped in Prosciutto with Gorgonzola and Brie, picturelink: null}, 3728: {instructions: Whisk together the confectioners sugar, jam, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water in a medium bowl until well combined and smooth., ingredients: [2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons strawberry jam, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Strawberry Glaze for Doughnuts, picturelink: 6F05km6yql4owtwLod7hXEJg5KYVjfG}, 3729: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except celery, in a blender blend to desired chunkiness. Cover and refrigerate. Serve chilled in bowls with celery as garnish., ingredients: [2 cups tomato juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cooked sweet corn, 1 tomato, peeled, 12 red bell pepper, 12 cucumber, peeled, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons horseradish mustard recommended: Blue Crab Bay Company, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Dash salt, Pinch pepper, 6 stalks celery, halved lengthwise], title: Amazin Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 3730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8by8inch baking dish and set aside.nFor the casserole: Fill a large pot with water. Add the garlic and a small handful of salt. Bring to a boil and add the potatoes. Cook until fork tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the potatoes and garlic with a slotted spoon to a sieve to let drain. To the same water, add the green beans. Bring back to a boil if needed, then simmer until the green beans are bright and tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a sieve.nIn a saute pan on medium heat, add the olive oil, onions, serrano chile and thyme. Season with a pinch of salt, a grind or 2 of pepper and paprika. Cook until the onions are tender, and then add the mushrooms and Worcestershire sauce, and season again with salt and pepper. Cook until the mushrooms release some of their moisture and become tender, about 10 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs and slowly stir in the heavy cream. Raise the heat until things begin to bubble. Cook at this temperature, while stirring, until the cream thickens a bit, 6 to 8 minutes. Once thickened, turn off the heat and stir in the crema.nIn one large bowl, add the potatoes. In another large bowl, add the green beans. Add the jalapenos to the potatoes. Then, add threequarters of the mushroom mixture to the potatoes and the rest to the green beans. Divide the cheese the same way into both bowls. Mash the potatoes until combined. Press into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Stir the green beans until combined, and spread evenly over the top.nFor the topping: Rinse the potato peels and dry as much as possible with paper towels. In a bowl, add the potato strips, sage, thyme, paprika and olive oil. Season with a pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper. Toss and sprinkle evenly over the top of the green beans. Bake until the potatoes brown and begin to crisp on the edges, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, for greasing pan, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Salt, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, peels reserved, 1 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into thin strips on an angle, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped Vidalia onion, 12 serrano chile, seeded and chopped, 8 to 10 sprigs fresh thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 1 pound baby bella mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 12 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 8 pickled jalapeno slices, finely chopped, 6 ounces white Cheddar, shredded, Reserved potato peels, cut into thin strips and soaked in water at least 20 minutes, 6 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and gently chopped, Pinch Hungarian paprika, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Green Bean Casserole MashUp, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 3731: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs and oil. Add the sugar, matzo, potato starch, and salt and mix until blended. Stir in the apples.nSpray a 2 12inch by 3 14inch muffin tin with nonstick spray. Fill 34 full with the batter and dust with the cinnamon sugar. Bake until the tops spring back when pressed, about 15 to 18 minutes.nCool on a rack and remove from the tin when they are at room temperature., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 6 tablespoons kosher for Passover vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup unsalted matzo meal, 3 tablespoons potato starch, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 medium Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and diced, Cinnamon sugar, as needed], title: Matzo Apple Tea Cakes, picturelink: W.PkDcaiyCt6XG2WfE.JCfyzc8VEIse}, 3732: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle.nCombine the flour, zest, and salt in a large bowl and whisk until evenly combined.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment beat together butter and sugars over high speed until light and airy, about 2 minutes. Add the sugars and beat until fluffy and the mixture looks like wet sand, about 2 more minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and mix until just combined.nReduce the speed to medium and add the flour mixture and coconut and beat until just evenly combined. Lay 2 large pieces of plastic wrap on a clean work surface and put half of the dough along the center of each piece. Shape the dough into 2 logs measuring about 1 12inches in diameter and 10inches long. Roll logs up in the plastic and secure tightly. Refrigerate the logs for 1 hour or up to several weeks.nCut the logs into 12inch slices. Roll the cookies in sugar to coat and shake off excess. Arrange on a baking sheet, leaving 12inch between the cookies. Bake until set and golden on the edges, about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove to cooling racks to cool completely.nWhen cookies are cool, melt the chocolate in a small pan over mediumlow heat until smooth. Dip half of each cookie into the chocolate, scrape off excess, and set on a cooling rack. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes to set up before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons packed orange zest, 12 teaspoon table salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus extra for rolling cookies, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup toasted sweetened coconut, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, roughly chopped], title: Toasted Coconut and Orange Icebox Cookies, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 3733: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine potatoes with salted water to cover by 1 inch and simmer until just tender, about 20 minutes.nWhile potatoes are cooking, in a medium heavy skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until browned and crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.nDrain potatoes and let stand until cool enough to handle. Cut potatoes into eighths and in a bowl combine with bacon. Keep mixture warm, covered.nPour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet and saute onion over moderately high heat, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add sugar, 1 tablespoon vinegar, and broth and simmer 2 minutes. Add onion mixture to warm potatoes with parsley and remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar, tossing gently, and season with salt and pepper.nServe potato salad warm or at room temperature, garnished with parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes about 2 inches in diameter, washed well, 5 slices bacon, cut crosswise into 14inch strips about 14 pound, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 12 cup beef broth, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves plus extra for garnish], title: Warm German Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 3734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the potatoes: In a medium saucepan combine the vermouth, water, parsley, tarragon, lemon zest, and salt. Set aside.nCut the potatoes in half horizontally. Slice a small portion off of the rounded ends so the potatoes stand up without rolling around  and discard. Add the halved potatoes to the saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until just fork tender, about 8 minutes. Set the potatoes aside to cool in the liquid for 5 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, reserving 2 teaspoons of the cooking liquid. Discard the herbs and lemon zest. With a small spoon or melon baller, scoop out a little of each potato, to make a little bowl for the cheese.nToss the potatoes with the oil in a small bowl, and stand them up on a baking sheet. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: In a medium bowl, cream the cheese with the creme fraiche and the 2 teaspoons of reserved cooking liquid. Fold in the minced parsley, tarragon, chives, and chervil. Season with pepper, to taste.nRemove the potatoes from the oven and let cool slightly. While the potatoes are still warm, spoon a dollop of the cheese mixture into each potato. Set the potatoes on a platter and top off with the chive segments to garnish. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup dry white vermouth, 3 cups water, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, 3 sprigs fresh tarragon, 1 1 by 2inch piece of lemon zest, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 small redskinned potatoes about 8 ounces, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 ounces fresh soft goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon, 2 teaspoons paperthin rounds fresh chive, plus 12 1inch pieces for garnish, 2 teaspoons minced fresh chervil or 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Baby Potatoes with Creamy Goat Cheese and Fine Herbs, picturelink: rihd5TAppCPiQGekWb4CrjP9g2jsEi}, 3735: {instructions: Boil beans in water to cover with bay leaf until tender drain. Saute onions and garlic in olive oil until tender. Add cumin and oregano cook for 2 minutes. Add tomato paste and cooked beans. Puree in a food processor.nFry cooked plantains in a skillet at 300 degrees F until tender. Place between 2 wet towels and roll to 14 inch thickness with a rolling pin to create a round dough of plantain. Return to pan and cook for 3 minutes on each side or until edges are crisp.nTo serve, spread puree over plantains. Scramble eggs in a nonstick pan, and place on top of plantains. Sprinkle with cheese., ingredients: [14 pound dried red beans, 1 bay leaf, 1 onion, 14inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 4 tablespoons dried oregano, 14 cup tomato paste, 4 green plantains, blanched until they turn black and then cooled and peeled, 14 cup corn oil or about 1inch deep in the frying pan, 8 eggs, 1 cup cotija cheese, grated], title: Patacon Pisao, picturelink: null}, 3736: {instructions: Shell and devein shrimp, placing only shells in large saucepan. Rinse shrimp drain.nPour 3 cups water over shells bring to boil. Reduce heat simmer, uncovered, 20 to 25 minutes, or until liquid is reduced in half.nStrain liquid discard shells and return stock to saucepan. Stir in tomatoes, corn, less sodium soy sauce, sherry and lemon juice cover and bring to boil. Reduce heat simmer 5 minutes.nAdd shrimp and scallops simmer, uncovered, 2 minutes, stirring occasionally to break up tomatoes.nBlend cornstarch and 1 Tbsp. water stir into soup. Bring to boil cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Stir in green onion and pepper serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound fresh or thawed mediumsize shrimp, rinsed and drained, 1 can 1412 oz. nosalt added tomatoes, 1 can 834 oz. nosalt added whole kernel corn, 3 tablespoons Kikkoman Less Sodium Soy Sauce, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 pound bay scallops, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 green onion and top, minced, Dash white pepper], title: Seafood Soup, picturelink: 1s7OG6lK29nDz3SKYst6nOCk2tsGkm}, 3737: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the root end off the entire head of garlic and turn it upside down, wrap it in aluminum foil and mold the foil so it supports the garlic to allow the cut end to stand upright in the oven. Pour 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil on the garlic so it slips between the skin and the cloves and wrap with the foil so it is enclosed. Roast for about 1 hour and set aside until it is cool enough to handle.nTo make the olive salsa for the chicken topping, in a small bowl combine the tomato, basil, parsley, peppercorns, olives and 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Gently squeeze the roasted garlic cloves from the skins into the mixture. Fold everything together and set aside to let flavors integrate.nFor the rice accompaniment to the chicken, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in the basmati rice, thyme leaves, salt, and pepper, allowing rice to toast for a few minutes. Then add the chicken stock, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and let simmer covered and undisturbed for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes.nIn a large saute pan, heat the chicken broth over medium high heat. Add the basil, tarragon and parsley, bring to a boil to integrate flavors, then reduce heat. This is your poaching liquid. Season the chicken breasts generously on both sides with salt and pepper, rubbing the seasoning in, and place the chicken in simmering poaching liquid. Remember, you are poaching, not boiling. The liquid should be kept at a simmer. Poach chicken until cooked through, about 10 minutes, turning breasts midway through cooking period. Remove to paper towels to drain.nSpoon some basmati rice onto serving plate, top with a piece of chicken, and spoon olive salsa over chicken. Garnish with baby carrots., ingredients: [1 whole head garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 large tomatoes, seeds removed and medium diced, 12 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup packed chopped freshflat leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon cracked black peppercorns, 34 cup pitted medium diced kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups basmati rice before use, place in a bowl, cover with water and skim off any impurities that rise to the surface. Then transfer to a strainer and rinse well, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, black or white, 1 quart chicken stock, 6 cups chicken stock, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup packed fresh tarragon leaves, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 6 5 to 6ounce boneless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound steamed baby cut carrots, as garnish], title: Herb Poached Chicken with Olive Salsa over Basmati Rice, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 3738: {instructions: Preheat over to 450 degrees F and oil 2 large shallow baking pans.nIn a large bowl, toss squash with oil until coated well and spread in one layer in pans. Roast squash in over 10 minutes and season with salt. Stir squash and roast 10 to 15 minutes more, or until tender and beginning to turn golden.nWhile squash is roasting, in a saucepan bring milk to a simmer with rosemary. Heat milk mixture over low heat 10 minutes and pour through a sieve into a large pitcher or measuring cup.nIn a large heavy saucepan, cook garlic in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Stir in four and cook roux, stirring, 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and whish in milk mixture in a stream until smooth. Return pan to heat and simmer sauce, whisking occasionally, about 10 minutes, or until thick. Stir in squash and salt and pepper, to taste. Sauce may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, its surface covered with plastic wrap.nReduce temperature to 375 degrees F and butter a baking dish, 13 by 9 by 2inches.nPour 1 cup sauce into baking dish sauce will not cover bottom completely and cover with 3 lasagne sheets, making sure they do not touch each other. Spread half of remaining sauce over past and sprinkle with 12 cup Parmesan. Make 1 more layer in same manner, beginning and ending with pasta.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat cream with salt until it holds soft peaks and spread evenly over top pasta layer, making sure pasta is completely covered. Sprinkle remaining 13 cup Parmesan over cream. Cover dish tightly with foil, tenting slightly to prevent foil from touching top layer, and bake in middle of over 30 minutes. Remove foil and bake lasagne 10 minutes more, or until top is bubbling and golden. Let lasagne stand 5 minutes.nGarnish each serving with rosemary., ingredients: [3 pounds butternut squash, quartered, seeded, peeled, and cut into 12inch dice about 9 12 cups, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cups milk, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 9 7 by 3 12inch sheets dry noboil lasagne pasta, 1 13 cups freshly grated Parmesan about 5 ounces, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, Garnish: fresh rosemary sprigs], title: Roasted Butternut Squash, Rosemary, and Garlic Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 3739: {instructions: Heat a grill to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle the cheese with a touch of oil. Place the cheese on the grill for 45 seconds. Flip the cheese and grill for another 45 seconds. Place cheese in a small round baking dish. Sprinkle with oregano and crushed red pepper.nServe immediately. Use small knives to spread cheese mixture on bread slices., ingredients: [1 12 pound round slice provolone, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Sliced bread rounds, as an accompaniment], title: Provoleta, picturelink: null}, 3740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix in all the ingredients until smooth. Cover and chill for 1 hour to meld the flavors.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoons Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Neelys BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 34 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon dried dill, 1 tablespoon sliced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: BBQ Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: Nbeb7WD3DHJW5fRCbychi2WUpscknq}, 3741: {instructions: Form rose shape with 6 slices of smoked salmon. Place dollop of creme fraiche on toast points. Top creme fraiche with salmon rose. Fill center of the rose with caviar. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [12 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon, 14 cup creme fraiche, 6 toast points thinly sliced, toasted bread with crusts removed, 6 chives, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Canapes of Caviar and Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 3742: {instructions: For the Clam Broth: Heat olive oil in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, carrots and celery and cook until soft. Add the white wine and cook until reduced to 14 cup. Add the clam juice and cook until reduced to 3 cups. Add the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain into a clean bowl.nFor the Grilled Sausages: Preheat grill pan over high heat. Grill sausages until cooked through and golden brown and crusty on outside. Remove, let rest and slice on bias into 1inch pieces.nFor the Clams and the Broth: Heat olive oil in large saucepan. Add shallots and cook until soft. Add tomatoclam broth and bring to a simmer. Add the clams, cover and let cook until all have opened. Remove clams to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Increase the heat to high and cook the broth for 10 minutes, until slightly thickened. Add the butter, salt and pepper and parsley. Place 6 clams and a few pieces of each of the sausage in a bowl. Ladle over the clam broth and top with some of the relish. Serve with French bread.nFor the Sweet Onion and Grilled Pepper Relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled, coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 6 cups clam juice, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 plum tomatoes, halved and roasted in oven until soft, Salt and pepper, 1 pound linguisa Spanish sausage, blanched, 1 pound Spanish chorizo, blanched, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely sliced, TomatoClam Broth, 24 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 1 yellow pepper, grilled, peeled and julienned, 1 red pepper, grilled, peeled and julienned, 1 Vidalia onion, grilled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Clams with Hot Spanish Sauce and Sweet Onion and Grilled Pepper Relish, picturelink: null}, 3743: {instructions: Remove skin and bones of fish and cut fish into small pieces. Wash and dry fish and place in a nonmetallic container. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper, cover with onions, chiles, lime and lemon juice and mix well. Cover and marinate 3 to 4 hours in the refrigerator, stirring every hour.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil, add corn and cook for 4 minutes. Drain the corn and slice each ear into 4 pieces. Wash and peel the sweet potatoes and cut into quarters. Set in a saucepan with lightly salted water to cover. Bring to a boil, cover loosely and boil 10 to 15 minutes or until potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife. Drain, cool and slice potatoes.nTo serve, line a large platter with lettuce leaves. Place fish and onions in the center and surround with quartered ears of corn and sweet potato slices. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds whitefish Corvina is used in Peru, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 red onions, finely sliced, 1 to 2 Serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, Juice of 6 lemons, Juice of 3 limes, 4 ears of corn, 1 pound sweet potatoes, Lettuce leaves for serving, Extra virgin olive oil], title: Cebiche Corbina, picturelink: null}, 3744: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nUsing aluminum foil, create an oblong cooking tray approximately 13 inches by 8 inches by 2 inches to be placed directly on grill. Place salmon fillet in center of tray. Season first with garlic salt, sprinkle with brown sugar, and then cover with pieces of butter. Top with sliced red onions. Pour beer of choice into tray to just below the highest point of the fillet. Cover tray with aluminum foil to envelope fish completely. Place tray on grill, cover with lid, and grill for approximately 8 minutes or until just cooked through., ingredients: [1 12inch tail piece salmon fillet about 1 12 pounds, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 12ounce bottle beer], title: Beer Salmon, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 3745: {instructions: In a large bowl combine chick peas, tomatoes and tomato paste. Set aside. In a large pan heat the oil over moderatelyhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic, ginger, cumin and coriander. Cook, stirring often, until the onions turn light brown, about 8 minutes. Add zucchini, bell peppers and salt and black pepper to taste. Pan roast the vegetables, stirring regularly, for 5 minutes.nAdd chick peatomato mixture to the onion mixture. Add water and bring contents to a boil. Lower heat and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes, or until the flavors are blended and the sauce is very thick. Serve ragout topped with yogurt.nFor the topping: Combine yogurt, cucumber, scallion, coriander and hot green chilies., ingredients: [3 cups cooked chick peas, homecooked or use one 32ounce can, drained, 1 12 cups fresh peeled and chopped tomato, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup finely chopped onions, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon grated or crushed fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons ground coriander seeds, 1 mediumsized zucchini, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, Coarse salt and black pepper to taste, Water to cover, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup chopped cucumber, 12 cup chopped scallion, 12 cup chopped coriander, 1 tablespoon or to taste chopped hot green chilies], title: Chick Pea Ragout with Glazed Vegetables Chana Masala, picturelink: null}, 3746: {instructions: Special equipment: Dough cutter, 9by13inch baking dishnFor the dough: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter the sides and bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish.nUsing a dough cutter, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and buttermilk powder if using, in a large bowl. Cut in the butter using your fingers or a dough cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk or 1 12 cups cold water if using buttermilk powder, and gently mix until the mixture just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough into a 16by12inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Position the dough so the short side is facing you.nFor the filling: Brush the surface of the dough with the softened butter. Combine the sugar, brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Spread the mixture evenly over the butter, leaving a 12inch border. Spread the chopped pecans over the sugar mixture.nFold 14inch of the short side in. Roll the dough up tightly into a log starting on the shorter side. Using your hands to apply pressure, roll the log back and forth a few times to seal the dough. Slice 14inch of dough off each side to even the ends, then cut the log into 8 equal pieces.nFor the topping: Combine the butter and 14 cup water in a medium nonstick saucepan over high heat and cook until the butter is melted. Whisk in the brown sugar and cook until smooth and bubbly. Reduce the heat to low, whisk in the heavy cream and cook for 1 minute. Add the salt, then remove from the heat and keep warm.nPour the warm topping into the prepared baking dish. Scatter some additional chopped pecans evenly over the surface. Place the buns in the baking dish, cutside down. Bake until puffed and golden brown, 25 to 35 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool on a baking rack for 5 minutes. Carefully invert onto a platter., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk or 6 tablespoons buttermilk powder, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup granulated pure cane sugar, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup finely chopped toasted pecans, plus more for topping, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 cups packed light brown muscovado sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, Pinch fine sea salt], title: Biscuit Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 3747: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the stem end of each onion and carefully slice off the brown part of the root end, leaving the root intact. Peel the onion. Stand each onion root end up on a cutting board and cut the onion in wedges through the root. Place the wedges in a bowl.nFor the dressing, combine the lemon juice, mustard, garlic, thyme, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Pour the dressing over the onions and toss well.nWith a slotted spoon, transfer the onions to a sheet pan, reserving the vinaigrette that remains in the bowl. Bake the onions for 30 to 45 minutes, until tender and browned. Toss the onions once during cooking. Remove from the oven, and drizzle with the reserved dressing. Sprinkle with parsley, season to taste and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 red onions, 1 yellow onion, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup good olive oil, 12 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves], title: HerbRoasted Onions, picturelink: kSOA2Uzvd5DCL2ZUf8MKOlHKnSGRtq}, 3748: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, heat oil until hot and brown chicken pieces on all sides. Remove chicken temporarily.nIn the same frying pan, add the onions and stir until soft and slightly brown. Add the tomato paste and salt, and stir well.nAdd all the prepared vegetables and fish sauce to the pot. Return the chicken to the pot and add just enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, stir, and reduce heat to medium. Simmer for approximately 30 minutes. Check the vegetables to avoid overcooking, removing them in a bowl as they are done.nWhen all the vegetables are cooked and removed from the stew, add the peanut butter or tigadege, 1 tablespoon at a time to make sure it is well dissolved in the broth. Add the Scotch bonnet pepper, if using and simmer until broth thickens, about 20 to 30 minutes.nReturn all the vegetables to the pot and simmer 5 minutes more. Serve over white rice., ingredients: [14 cup peanut or vegetable oil, 1 3pound chicken, cut in eighths, 1 large onion, chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large tomato, chopped, 12 pound potato 1 large one, 1 small cabbage, cut in 12inch pieces or 6 Brussels sprouts, 12 pound carrots, peeled and cut into small chunks, 1 small butternut squash, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces or 6 patty pans, cut in half, 3 tablespoons Thai or Vietnamese fish sauce, 12 cup peanut butter or tigadege roasted peanut paste, 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, whole, optional, Steamed white rice, for serving], title: Chicken and Vegetable Stew in Peanut Butter Tomato Sauce: Mafe, picturelink: T5ilRbPr5EQ6MFrp8X4GT6rMBGQqkN.}, 3749: {instructions: In a 12ounce glass like any soda drink add raspberry syrup, cream, and enough seltzer to leave room for ice cream. Top with ice cream. Charge 10 or 15 cents., ingredients: [2 ounces raspberry syrup, 2 ounces sweet cream heavy cream, Seltzer water, 2 spoonfuls fresh peach ice cream], title: Ladies Choice, picturelink: null}, 3750: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: disposable pastry bagnUnwrap the ricotta cheese from the cheesecloth the texture should be pretty dry and crumbly. If it is really dry this is good pass it through the food mill with the biggest holes. Put the cheese into a large bowl.nFinely chop the squeezed spinach and add it to the ricotta. Add the eggs, grated ParmigianoReggiano and nutmeg. Mix until well combined. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Add in 14 cup of flour. If the mixture is still very wet, add in the remaining 14 cup of flour.nDust a sheet tray generously with flour. Coat another sheet tray generously with semolina flour. Fill a pastry bag with the ricottaspinach mixture. Pipe 1 12inch balls of the cheese mixture onto the allpurpose flour lined tray. Shake the tray around to coat the balls in flour. Roll each flour coated cheese piece around in your hand to form a ball. Do this gently so as to not squish the cheese balls. Arrange them on the semolina lined tray.nBring a saucepan full of water to a boil over medium heat. Set up a bowl of ice water. In the bottom of each tomato cut an X in the skin. Working in batches, put the tomatoes in the boiling water for 15 to 20 seconds ONLY Remove the tomatoes from the boiling water and put them immediately into the ice water. When the tomatoes have cooled, remove them from the ice water and the skin should come off very easily.nRemove the stems and seeds from the tomatoes coarsely chop the tomatoes and reserve.nCoat a large straightsided saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, with olive oil. Add the onions, season with salt, to taste. Toss in the crushed red pepper and cook the onions until they are soft and aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add in the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and season with salt, to taste. Bring the tomato mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nToss in the basil just before serving.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat until the water is at a simmer. Carefully add the gnocchi to the simmering water. Cook until the gnocchi float and have begun to swell, 3 to 5 minutes.nOn individual serving plates, spoon some sauce on each plate and spread it out until it becomes a 4 to 5inch circle.nUsing a spider or long handled mesh strainer, carefully remove the gnocchi from the cooking water, blot on a tea towel and arrange 5 gnocchi on each circle of sauce. Sprinkle with ParmigianoReggiano and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh ricotta cheese, wrapped in cheesecloth and hung overnight in refrigerator, 1 9ounce box frozen spinach, defrosted and water squeezed out, 4 eggs, 2 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for sprinkling, 2 to 3 grates fresh nutmeg, Kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for the outside of the gnocchi, Semolina, for holding the gnocchi, 12 to 15 superripe plum tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 6 to 7 basil leaves, cut into a chiffonade, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, for garnish], title: Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi With Quick Tomato Sauce, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 3751: {instructions: Put the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over medium heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, cover and let sit in the water for 10 minutes. Rinse the eggs under cold water and let cool for 5 minutes. Peel and slice into rounds. Add the avocado to a bowl and mash well with a fork. Add the lemon juice and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. Divide the avocado between both pieces of bread and spread from corner to corner. Divide the hardboiled egg between the toasts. Top each toast with a slice of tomato., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 12 ripe avocado, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 slices sprouted wholegrain bread, toasted, 2 slices tomato], title: Easy Breakfast Toast, picturelink: null}, 3752: {instructions: 1.Combine carrots, water, rice, and rosemary in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 10 to 12 minutes or until water is absorbed. 2.Remove from heat. Stir in the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 can 8.25 oz. Del Monteu00ae Sliced Carrots, drained, 1 can 8.5 oz. Del Monteu00ae Sweet Peas, drained, 1 14 cups water, 34 cup instant brown rice, 112 tsp. chopped fresh rosemary or 12 tsp. dried rosemary, crushed, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted or slivered almonds, 2 medium garlic cloves, minced, 2 tsp extravirgin olive oil, 12 tsp salt], title: Veggie Pilaf with Pine Nuts, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 3753: {instructions: Movie theaters use butterflavored oil, which has a lower water content than butter so it makes popcorn less soggy. Real clarified butter has the same effect. To make it, melt 2 sticks butter in a glass measuring cup in the microwave. Let sit for a few minutes the butter will separate into 3 layers. Skim off the top layer of foam, then slowly pour the clarified butter into a heatproof container discard the bottom layer of milk solids. Use 3 tablespoons hot clarified butter for 10 cups popcorn refrigerate the rest its great for sauteeing.nPhotograph by BurkeTrioloJupiter Images, ingredients: [], title: TheaterStyle Buttered Popcorn, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 3754: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook the onion and garlic until soft, about 7 minutes. Add the green beans along with the tomato juice, salt and pepper. Stir well, cover and cook, stirring every 5 minutes, until the beans are tender and wilted, about 30 minutes. Stir in the fresh oregano and cook an additional 5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, 2 cups tomato juice, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped], title: Stewed Green Beans with Tomato and Oregano, picturelink: null}, 3755: {instructions: Preheat outdoor smoker between 225 to 250 degrees F, using the hickory and red oak.nWith sharp knife, score the top of pork butt through the fat until you reach the meat. Rub meat generously all over with seasoning rub, reserving a few tablespoons for the sauce. Place meat in a smoker, keeping temperature between 225 and 250 degrees F, its important to maintain this temperature throughout the cooking process.nRemove the pork when internal temperature reaches 175 degrees F. At that point, the bone should feel loose. Immediately wrap pork in double sheets of aluminum foil taking care not to squeeze juices from the pork. Place wrapped butt back in the smoker for an additional 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the pit and allow the meat to rest for at least 10 to 15 minutes. Prior to serving, open foil, pull bone out, and use 2 forks to pull the meat apart. Mix barbecue sauce and seasoning rub into the meat, to taste. Serve on a hamburger bun with a tablespoon of coleslaw on top., ingredients: [2 or 3 pieces split hickory andor red oak, 1 5 to 7 pound bonein pork butt or Boston butt, 12 cup seasoning rub recommended: Butchs Magic Dust, 1 18ounce bottle barbecue sauce recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Mild BBQ Sauce, 20 seedless hamburger buns, split, 1 pint coleslaw], title: Butchs BBQ Pork Butt, picturelink: null}, 3756: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2ounce 14 cup ice cream scoopnPlace a grill pan over low heat.nLay the panettone on a work surface and cut each in half diagonally to make 6 triangles. Using a pastry brush, liberally brush each side of the panettone with the melted butter. Place the panettone triangles on the grill for 30 to 45 seconds until crisp and toasted.nTransfer the triangles to 6 serving plates. Place 1 scoop of ice cream on top of each triangle. Garnish with the slivered almonds and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 slices 4 ounces total panettone, each about 4inches square and 1inch thick, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 pint strawberry ice cream, softened, see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons slivered and toasted almonds], title: Grilled Panettone with Strawberry Ice Cream and Almonds, picturelink: V107EKndbRCxkvk14PdRFSBReDCBMNi}, 3757: {instructions: Pour the water onto a mediumsized mixing bowl and add the yeast, stirring with a fork until dissolved. The water should turn a light beige color. Add 1 cup of flour and the salt. Mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon. Add the second cup of flour and repeat. The dough should start coming away from the sides of the bowl, forming a soft, sticky mass. Take the last cup of flour and sprinkle over a clean, dry work surface and flour your hands well.nTake the dough from the bowl and begin to work in the additional flour a little at a time. Use the heel of your hand to knead the dough and push across the work surface, clenching the dough with your fist and twisting it over. Use a dough scraper to help gather any wet dough that sticks to the surface while you are kneading. Also only add as much flour as it takes to keep the dough from sticking to your hands. When the dough no longer feels sticky, push the heel of your hand down into it and hold it there for 10 seconds. If the dough comes up clean, its ready. If it sticks you will have to knead it a bit more.nLightly oil a 2 quart bowl with vegetable oil, and roll the ball of dough around the bowl to coat it with a thin film of oil, then tightly seal the bowl with plastic wrap. Keep in a warm place, and let the dough rise for 30 to 45 minutes. When dough doubles in size, remove from bowl and punch it down with your fist to deflate, then knead it again for about a minute. Dough is now ready to stretch into a round, or press into a pizza pan. Note: If you have a food processor with a dough hook attachment, you can make the dough much faster. Start by adding the yeast and water first and mixing well. Then add all the flour and salt and mix into a ball. Then rise the dough., ingredients: [1 cup warm tap water 100 to 115 degrees, 1 package active dry yeast, 3 to 3 12 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Basic Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 3758: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMarinade: Put all the ingredients in a medium bowl and whisk until smooth. Reserve 14 cup of the marinade in a small bowl.nScallops: Add the scallops to the bowl with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for up to 30 minutes. Remove the scallops from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Discard the marinade. Coat a large heavy saute pan with extravirgin olive oil and put over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallops in a single layer. Cook until golden on 1 side, about 2 minutes, depending on size. Turn and brown on the other side, another 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and set aside to cool slightly.nCaramelized Avocados: Coat the bottom of a small, nonstick skillet over medium heat, with extravirgin olive oil. Sprinkle 1 side of the avocado slices with sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add them to the skillet and cook until the sugar is caramelized and golden, about 2 minutes. Turn gently and cook for another 30 seconds. Remove to a plate and set aside.nSalad: Put the baby lettuces in a bowl with half of the grapefruit segments. Add the reserved 14 cup of marinade and toss until coated.nTo serve: Put the dressed lettuces on a serving platter. Top with the caramelized avocados, remaining grapefruit segments, and scallops. Serve additional vinaigrette on the side., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons achiote paste, crumbled or 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 orange, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 medium garlic clove, peeled and minced, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large sea scallops, Extravirgin olive oil, Extravirgin olive oil, for greasing pan, 2 Hass avocados, halved, pitted and flesh cut into quarters, 2 tablespoons sugar, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups mixed baby lettuces, 1 red grapefruit, peeled and segmented], title: Grilled Avocado and Scallop Salad, picturelink: ZUrcR21ddK3KJHW8e2.SrAOWbnjCpy}, 3759: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: two 12cup nonstick mini muffin tinsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a heatproof bowl set over but not in a saucepan of gently simmering water, combine the butter, sugar, cocoa powder, cinnamon and salt. Stir continuously until the butter is melted and the mixture is smooth and hot to the touch, about 8 minutesnRemove from the heat and stir with a silicone spatula until cool, about 2 minutes. Stir in the eggs, one at a time, and then the vanilla until the mixture gets very shiny and smooth, about 2 minutes. Your arm may get tired but t10 more stirs and you are done Now rest for a second, and then fold in the flour. The batter will be very thick.nSpray two 12cup nonstick mini muffin tins with nonstick cooking spray. Scoop scant 2 tablespoons of batter into each muffin cup, depending on size of tins. Bake until the centers have just set, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool briefly and then invert onto a plate or quartersheet tray. While the brownies are upside down, poke 1 piece of broken chip into the bottom. Turn rightside up and serve., ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 BBQflavor kettlecooked potato chips, broken in half], title: BBQ Brownies, picturelink: cQg71yZZDFFSPWXP7MFLUsoGNVFTnG}, 3760: {instructions: Season the lamb well with salt and pepper, rubbing the seasonings into the meat. Heat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and lay the seasoned rack, fat side down, into the pan. Sear the lamb until the fat is golden brown or until the fat has rendered, about 3 minutes or so. Flip and brown the meaty side and ends of the rack. The browning should take about 10 minutes. Adjust the heat as necessary so the fat is sizzling, not sputtering. Transfer the rack of lamb to a plate to cool and set the skillet aside, but dont wash it.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the minced onion and garlic and cook until softened and fragrant about 3 minutes. Stir the bread crumbs into the skillet until coated with the onion mixture. Lower the heat and add the cumin, oregano, chili powder, and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir constantly to prevent scorching until the bread crumbs are toasted and golden, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lime zest.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the roasted pepper, chipotles and adobo sauce in the work bowl of a food processor. If you have a miniprocessor, use it here. Process until smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the work bowl once or twice.nUsing a small spoon, paint the flatbone side not the rounded, meaty part of the rack with enough of the pepper paste to coat it generously. Sprinkle the toasted bread crumb mixture over the painted lamb and press lightly to make sure the crumbs adhere to the lamb. Stand the rack, bone side up in the skillet used to sear the lamb, and place in the preheated oven. Roast for 20 minutes for medium rare. An instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the rack should register 125 to 130 F degrees F. Remove to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes.nCarve the rack between the bones into double chops and serve immediately.nThere will be more of the dos chile paste and the toasted bread crumbs than needed to coat the rack. The chile paste is delicious in soups, stews, beans and many other uses., ingredients: [1 Frenched rack of lamb about 1 to 1 14 pounds see Note, Kosher or fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup minced Spanish onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 lime, zest finely grated, 12 jarred roasted red pepper, drained, 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo with 1 teaspoon of the adobo sauce from can], title: Rack of Lamb Dos Chiles, picturelink: null}, 3761: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow roasting pan with cooking spray. Place tenderloins in pan and season all over with salt and black pepper. On 1 of the tenderloins, spread hoisin sauce all over. On the other, drizzle vegetable oil over the top.nUsing wooden picks, attach black olives to pearl onions and then the hoisin coated turkey tenderloin, making a set of eyes in the meat.nRoast 30 minutes, until an instantread meat thermometer inserted into the tenderloin registers at least 160 degrees F. Reserve plain tenderloin for another meal. Let hoisincoated turkey stand 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 12inch thick slices., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 turkey breast tenderloins, Salt and ground black pepper, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 frozen pearl onions, thawed, 1 large black olive, halved crosswise, Wooden pick], title: Eyestudded Turkey Tenderloin Pearl Onions and Black Olives, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 3762: {instructions: Combine the gin, jam and some ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Shake for 15 seconds, then strain into a coupe glass. Top with a splash of sparkling water. Serve immediately.nCombine the peaches, sugar and lemon juice in a nonreactive medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and simmer, mashing the peaches occasionally with a potato masher, until the mixture thickens and sticks to a spoon, about 20 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the raspberries. Let cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally. Transfer the jam to a nonreactive container with a lid and refrigerate until ready to use. The jam will keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 ounces bestquality gin, 2 tablespoons Quick PeachRaspberry Jam, recipe follows, or your favorite jam, Splash peachflavored sparkling water or club soda, 2 pounds very ripe peaches, peeled and coarsely chopped, 12 to 34 cup granulated sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 pint raspberries], title: Gin and Jam, picturelink: 5yBJLX3XYbi22EERCiPY9rcjmNOdzNC}, 3763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, heat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat add the onions and cook until translucent. Add the cayenne, chile powder, cumin and Mexican oregano and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the beef and cook until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato sauce and apple cider vinegar and cook until the sauce reduces slightly, 3 to 5 minutes.nBuild the tacos in this order: cheese on the bottom, followed by the beef, tomatoes, avocados, lettuce and jalapenos. Serve the sour cream on the taco or on the side for dipping., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon chile powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound ground beef, 1 cup tomato sauce, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 6 to 8 hardshell tacos, Shredded cheese, for topping, 1 tomato, diced, 1 avocado, diced, Shredded lettuce, for topping, Sliced pickled jalapenos, for topping, Sour cream, for dipping], title: HardShell TexMex Taco, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 3764: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 saucepan 1 mixing bowl that will sit on top of saucepan Measuring cup Measuring spoons Whisk Fondue serving set Fondue skewers Handy fuel or denatured alcoholnPut approximately 4 inches of water in the saucepan and bring to a slow boil. Place the mixing bowl on top and pour in the heavy cream let heat. Meanwhile, break up or chop chocolate into small pieces. When the cream feels hot to the touch, add chocolate and whisk until smooth. Whisk in vanilla and brandy. Pour into the fondue pot and light the handy fuel underneath keep the flame low as not to burn the fondue. Arrange strawberries, bananas, pineapple, brownies, marshmallow, cookies or any of your favorite items on a platter and enjoy., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 pound premium semisweet chocolate recommended: Lindt or Callebaut, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon brandy, Strawberries, bananas, pineapple, brownies, marshmallow, cookies], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 3765: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F.nScrub the beets and put them on a large piece of aluminum foil season with salt and pepper, add 3 thyme sprigs, and drizzle with 3 tablespoons olive oil. Bake until the beets are tender, about 1 hour. Set aside. When the beets are cool enough to handle but still warm, slip off their skins, and chop them into large chunks.nIn a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Put in the onion, carrots, garlic, and remaining 3 thyme sprigs and cook until softened and just starting to color, about 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs. Put the chopped beets into a blender and add the cooked vegetables and most of the stock. Blend until smooth, add more stock if the puree is too thick. Add the vinegar and honey season with salt and pepper. Blend again to incorporate flavors. Borscht can be served hot or cold.nTo make the garnish, grate the apple on the large holes of a box grater and mix in the dill. Serve in bowls, garnished with a big dollop of sour cream and topped with the apple and dill mixture., ingredients: [1 pound beets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, heated, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Sour cream, for garnish], title: Roasted Beet Borscht, picturelink: null}, 3766: {instructions: Arrange a rack in the upper third the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nCut the beet into 14inch thick slices. Using a jackolantern cookie cutter, cut the beet slices into jackolanterns and set aside.nPlace the salmon on a foil lined baking sheet, lightly brush with oil, and season generously with salt and pepper. Roast the salmon until just cooked through, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the vinegar, water, lemon juice, and brown sugar in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened and reduced to glaze.nCarefully transfer the salmon to a serving platter and arrange some of the beet jackolanterns in a row down the center of the fillet. Spoon the glaze over the top. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 large cooked candy cane beet, peeled, 3pound skinless, boneless salmon fillet, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar], title: Spooky Salmon with Graveyard Glaze, picturelink: null}, 3767: {instructions: In a medium hot skillet, add 12 tablespoon of butter and cook the garlic and ginger until soft, about 1 minute. Add the carrots, parsnips and onions and season. Cook 5 minutes to soften then add the stock, soy sauce and simmer. Reduce by 50 percent, about 12 to 15 minutes and check for seasoning. Lift with the butter and reserve hot.nWine Recommendation: Olmos Reward, Frankland Estate, Australia, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 cup carrots, 14inch dice, 1 cup parsnips, 14inch dice, 1 cup red pearl onions, blanched and peeled, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Glazed Carrots, Parsnips and Pearl Onions, picturelink: null}, 3768: {instructions: Scatter half the butter pieces in a microwavesafe 9inch pie dish. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power until the butter has melted, 45 seconds in an 1,100watt oven or 1 minute in a 700watt oven. If the butter has not melted, microwave it again in 5second increments. Add 14 cup of the flour, brown sugar, almonds, oats, cinnamon and 18 teaspoon salt, and toss together with a fork until all the dry ingredients are moistened, leaving large clumps. Spread out the streusel in a single layer. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 3 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 4 minutes in a 700watt oven, stirring halfway through. Remove the dish from the microwave, and stir. The streusel should be golden brown if its too light, microwave again, uncovered, in 15second increments. Set aside.nIn a microwavesafe 1quart shallow baking dish, toss together the cherries, the remaining 2 teaspoons flour, granulated sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and 18 teaspoon salt. Dot with the remaining butter pieces. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 16 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 28 minutes in a 700watt oven. Stir the cherry mixture. The juices will be the color of deepred wine and should be looser than you expect, about the consistency of real maple syrup they will thicken as they cool. If they seem too loose, microwave again, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power in 1minute increments. Let the cherry mixture sit for 10 minutes, as it will be too hot to eat right away. Sprinkle with the reserved streusel topping, and serve.nScatter half the butter pieces in a microwavesafe 9inch pie dish. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power until the butter has melted, 45 seconds in an 1,100watt oven or 1 minute in a 700watt oven. If the butter has not melted, microwave it again in 5second increments. Add 14 cup of the flour, brown sugar, almonds, oats, cinnamon and 18 teaspoon salt, and toss together with a fork until all the dry ingredients are moistened, leaving large clumps. Spread out the streusel in a single layer. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 3 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 4 minutes in a 700watt oven, stirring halfway through. Remove the dish from the microwave, and stir. The streusel should be golden brown if its too light, microwave again, uncovered, in 15second increments. Set aside.nIn a microwavesafe 1quart shallow baking dish, toss together the cherries, the remaining 2 teaspoons flour, granulated sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and 18 teaspoon salt. Dot with the remaining butter pieces. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 16 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 28 minutes in a 700watt oven. Stir the cherry mixture. The juices will be the color of deepred wine and should be looser than you expect, about the consistency of real maple syrup they will thicken as they cool. If they seem too loose, microwave again, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power in 1minute increments. Let the cherry mixture sit for 10 minutes, as it will be too hot to eat right away. Sprinkle with the reserved streusel topping, and serve.nScatter half the butter pieces in a microwavesafe 9inch pie dish. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power until the butter has melted, 45 seconds in an 1,100watt oven or 1 minute in a 700watt oven. If the butter has not melted, microwave it again in 5second increments. Add 14 cup of the flour, brown sugar, almonds, oats, cinnamon and 18 teaspoon salt, and toss together with a fork until all the dry ingredients are moistened, leaving large clumps. Spread out the streusel in a single layer. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 3 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 4 minutes in a 700watt oven, stirring halfway through. Remove the dish from the microwave, and stir. The streusel should be golden brown if its too light, microwave again, uncovered, in 15second increments. Set aside.nIn a microwavesafe 1quart shallow baking dish, toss together the cherries, the remaining 2 teaspoons flour, granulated sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and 18 teaspoon salt. Dot with the remaining butter pieces. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 16 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 28 minutes in a 700watt oven. Stir the cherry mixture. The juices will be the color of deepred wine and should be looser than you expect, about the consistency of real maple syrup they will thicken as they cool. If they seem too loose, microwave again, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power in 1minute increments. Let the cherry mixture sit for 10 minutes, as it will be too hot to eat right away. Sprinkle with the reserved streusel topping, and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, preferably skinon, 2 tablespoons oldfashioned rolled oats, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, One 16ounce bag frozen cherries, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice from about 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, preferably skinon, 2 tablespoons oldfashioned rolled oats, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, One 16ounce bag frozen cherries, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice from about 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, preferably skinon, 2 tablespoons oldfashioned rolled oats, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, One 16ounce bag frozen cherries, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice from about 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Microwave CherryAlmond Crisp, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 3769: {instructions: MIX together peanut butter, honey and mayonnaise in a small bowl, until well blended.nPEEL and slice bananas. Dip into lemon juice. Blot excess lemon juice with paper towel. Divide lettuce and bananas on two plates. Dollop salads with dressing. Sprinkle with nuts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tbsp. Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 tbsp. honey, 14 cup mayonnaise or salad dressing, 2 bananas, Lemon juice, Mixed greens, 2 tbsps. chopped peanuts], title: Banana Nut Salad, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 3770: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees and butter and flour a 9 x 12inch baking pan. Line the base of the pan with parchment paper. Combine the chocolate, butter, coffee, and salt in the top of a double boiler and, over simmering water, melt the chocolate, stirring occasionally.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, eggs, and vanilla and whisk until smooth. Add the melted chocolate mixture and continue whisking until well combined. Fold in the flour until you cant see any traces of white, but do not overfold. Gently fold in the pecans. Scoop out into the prepared pan and spread and jiggle the pan until the batter finds its level.nBake for about 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the pan comes out clean. Set the pan on a rack to cool for 1 hour. Run a knife around the edge of the pan to loosen, then cut into squares as desired., ingredients: [5 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 14 cups unsalted butter, softened, 3 espresso powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups sugar, 5 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup pecans, coarsely chopped], title: Coffee Brownies, picturelink: null}, 3771: {instructions: Cut the bread into 8 large wedges. Whisk the eggs, buttermilk, cream, granulated sugar, vanilla and cinnamon in a large baking dish. Add the bread and turn occasionally until soaked through, about 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPut the confectioners sugar in a finemesh sieve. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add half of the bread and dust generously with the confectioners sugar cook, turning and dusting often with more confectioners sugar, until golden brown and caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes add more butter to the skillet, if needed. Transfer the French toast to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Add 1 more tablespoon butter to the skillet and repeat with the remaining bread. Serve with maple syrup.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [12 round loaf about 9 inches in diameter crusty sourdough bread, 4 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 to 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more if needed, Maple syrup, for topping], title: Caramelized Sourdough French Toast, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 3772: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nIn a heavy kettle cook onions and 3 cloves of garlic until softened. Add sausage and bell pepper and cook 2 minutes, breaking up sausage. Add tomato sauce and red wine and remaining garlic. Simmer 10 minutes.nIn a bowl lightly beat eggs. In another bowl stir together ricotta, egg, salt and pepper. Grate mozzarella.nPour 1 cup sauce into a baking dish, 13 by 9 by 2inches sauce will not cover bottom completely, and cover with 3 lasagne sheets, making sure they do not touch each other. Spread about 2 cups sauce over pasta. Drop 13 of ricotta mixture by spoonfuls onto sauce and gently spread with back of spoon. Sprinkle 14 of mozzarella over ricotta mixture. Make 2 more layers in the same manner, beginning and ending with pasta. Spread remaining sauce evenly over top, making sure pasta is completely covered, and sprinkle with Parmesan and remaining mozzarella.nCover dish tightly with foil, tenting slightly to prevent foil from touching top layer, and bake in middle of oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake lasagne 10 minutes more, or until top is bubbling and golden. Let lasagne stand 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 large onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12 pounds crumbled sausage, sweet or hot, 1 large red bell pepper, chopped, 1 28ounce jar Muir Glenn tomato sauce, 12 cup dry red wine, 15 ounces partskim ricotta about 2 cups, 1 large egg, 12 7 by 3 12inch noboil lasagne pasta sheets, 12 ounces partskim mozzarella, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Sausage, Ricotta and Mozzarella Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 3773: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pierce the sweet potatoes 2 or 3 times with a fork. Bake in a roasting pan for 45 to 60 minutes, until tender. Cut the potatoes in half, lengthwise. Hold the sweet potatoes with a potholder or towel and scoop out the potato flesh into a food mill or ricer.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the butter, syrup, zest, and vinegar over medium heat. Remove from the heat and mash the sweet potatoes in the pan. Stir to combine evenly. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup, grade A or B, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 3774: {instructions: To prepare the dough: In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, dissolve the yeast in 14 cup of the warm water. Sprinkle in 14 teaspoon of the sugar and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes.nTurn the mixer on low speed and add the remaining water, sugar, melted margarine, eggs, and salt. Add 2 cups of the flour and turn the speed up to medium continue to mix until incorporated. Gradually add the remaining flour, and continue to mix until the dough holds together and pulls away from the sides of the bowl the dough will be very soft.nKnead the dough on a lightly floured surface, until smooth and elastic. Rub the inside of a mixing bowl with the oil and put the dough in it, turning to coat. Cover with a towel or plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature for about 1 12 hours, until doubled in size.nTo prepare the filling: Combine the brown sugar and cinnamon in a mixing bowl. Add the orange zest, raisins, walnuts, and melted margarine. Fold the ingredients together to combine.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nLine a sheet pan with parchment paper and brush with melted margarine.nRoll the dough out on a lightly floured surface into a large rectangle, about 10 by 18inches. Brush the surface of the dough with melted margarine and spread the filling evenly across. Roll the dough up, jelly rollstyle, into a long cylinder, and twist it a few times like your wringing out a towel. Put the dough on the sheet pan and coil it around like a pinwheel, tuck the loose end of the dough under so it doesnt unravel. Brush the top of the dough with more melted margarine. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour until your kitchen smells like cinnamon, and the babka is golden brown. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack.nTo prepare the orange glaze: Mix the all the ingredients together in a bowl, until the sugar dissolves. Whisk the glaze to smooth out any lumps drizzle it over the top of the babka while it is still warm., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup 112 sticks melted margarine or butter, cooled, plus more for brushing, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup melted margarine or butter, cooled, 14 cup water, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 orange, zest finely grated, 1 large egg white], title: Cinnamon Bun Babka, picturelink: SHApKsvJmOBzLZGs4jc23gMzZd.tCwG}, 3775: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pierce the potatoes in a few places with a fork place on a microwavesafe plate and microwave, turning halfway through, until tender, about 16 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Drain on paper towels, reserving the drippings. Roughly chop 4 slices and break the other 2 slices in half set aside.nSlice off the top 14 inch of the potatoes lengthwise. Scoop the flesh from 3 potatoes into a medium bowl, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Repeat with the remaining potato but discard the flesh. Add 2 tablespoons of the reserved bacon drippings and the warmed milk to the bowl and mash with a potato masher or fork until smooth. Stir in the cheese, scallions, parsley, chopped bacon, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nSeason the inside of the potato skins with salt and pepper. Divide the filling among the skins, then press the back of a spoon down the center of the filling to create a long, deep well. Brush the outside of the skins with the remaining bacon drippings and transfer to the baking sheet.nOne at a time, crack an egg into a ramekin or teacup, then carefully pour into each potato its OK if some of the egg white overflows. Transfer to the oven and bake until the whites are set, 20 to 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and top with more scallions and the halved bacon strips.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, 6 slices bacon, 14 cup milk, warmed, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for topping, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs], title: TwiceBaked Potatoes with Bacon and Eggs, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 3776: {instructions: Roll and stretch the dough into a 12inch square on a lightly floured surface. Combine the butter, parsley, garlic, red pepper flakes and a big pinch each of salt and pepper in a bowl. Spread over the dough sprinkle with 34 cup grated asiago, pressing lightly. Cut the dough into 16 small squares and make 4 stacks of 4 squares each.nPlace each stack on its side in a buttered 9by5inch loaf pan. Gently separate the dough layers so the dough fills the pan. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup asiago.nCover the loaf loosely with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until the dough rises by half its size, 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350. Bake the loaf until its browned and cooked through, 40 to 45 minutes tent with foil if its browning too quickly. Let cool 15 minutes in the pan, then loosen the edges with a knife. Remove to a plate and let cool 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 pound frozen white bread dough, thawed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and pepper, 1 cup grated asiago cheese], title: GarlicAsiago PullApart Bread, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 3777: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nLine a hotel pan with parchment paper and coat with vegetable spray. Whip the eggs and sugar in a bowl of an electric mixer, until fluffy, 2 times the volume.nAdd the salt and quickly fold in the flour until incorporated. Pour the batter into the parchment paperlined pan and bake until a skewer comes out dry.nLet the cake cool and remove the cake from the pan and gently remove the parchment paper. Trim off the top crust to enable the sopping milk to absorb more easily.nIn a large bowl, combine the sweetened condensed milk, coconut milk, rum, vanilla extract, and almond extract. Put the cake back in the pan and pour the sopping milk over the cake. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours before serving. Top with unsweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, for pan, 24 eggs, 4 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 cups flour, 5 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 5 13.5ounce cans coconut milk, 12 cup dark rum recommended: Meyers, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, Unsweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: Rum Sopped Coconut Cake, picturelink: null}, 3778: {instructions: Bring water to a boil with butter and salt. Add white and wild rice blend and golden raisins, stir, return to a boil. Reduce heat, cover the pan and simmer 20 minutes or until just tender. Fluff rice with a fork. Add chopped mandarins, almonds and scallions to the rice. Toss fruited rice to combine and serve., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon salt, eyeball it, 12 cup white rice, 12 cup wild rice, 3 tablespoons golden raisins, 1 small can, 12 cup drained, mandarin sections, chopped, 2 ounces sliced almonds, available in small pouches on the baking aisle, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Fruited White and Wild Rice, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 3779: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace 1 tablespoon of the butter in 8 ramekins, and rub all around the inside. Divide 14 cup of the sugar between the ramekins and turn so the insides are coated with sugar. Divide the peaches between the ramekins.nIn a large bowl, combine the remaining 14 cup sugar and the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt stir to incorporate. In a separate bowl, combine the buttermilk, vanilla, eggs and lemon zest. Melt the remaining stick butter in a small saucepan and cook until brown pour into the wet ingredients and mix together with a whisk. Add the wet mixture to the dry, and stir with a spatula until combined.nPour the batter over the peaches, filling to just below the top of the ramekins. Set the ramekins on a small baking sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake for 25 minutes. Let cool for 7 to 10 minutes.nRun a paring knife or small offset spatula around the edge of each ramekin, and then invert the cakes onto serving plates., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, 12 cup sugar, 2 ripe peaches, pitted, sliced into eighths, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, Zest of 12 lemon], title: Peach UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 3780: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 36 cupcake liners.nWhisk 2 cups oats with the flour, oat bran, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and both sugars on mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed. Beat in the vanilla. Turn the speed to low, add the flour mixture, and beat until combined. Beat in the sour cream. Stir in the raisins by hand. Transfer 2 34 cups batter to a small bowl, and then stir the coconut and the remaining 1 34 cups oats. Divide the plain batter among the cupcake liners, and then top each with 1 tablespoon oatcoconut batter. Bake until golden, rotating the pans halfway though, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer the pans to wire racks to cool completely before removing the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Frost the cooled cupcakes with Orange Cream Cheese Icing.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese, butter, and salt on mediumhigh speed until creamy. Turn the speed to low and beat in the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until light and fluffy. Add the orange zest and liqueur, beating steadily until mixed. Refrigerate the frosting for 30 to 60 minutes to firm., ingredients: [3 34 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, divided, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup oat bran, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, 1 12 cup raisins, 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut, Orange Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, Pinch salt, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 2 teaspoons orange flavored liqueur or extract], title: Winning Recipe OatmealRaisin Cupcakes, Orange Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: RCBXM7xdmQlip5qb2Nls6TW7IEW9hfO}, 3781: {instructions: Combine rice and vegetables in a large bowl. Add the vinaigrette and stir to combine. Let the salad sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving. Garnish with desired herbs.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend for 1 minute, ingredients: [2 cups cooked brown rice, 2 carrots, grated, 1 cup pea pods, thinly sliced on an angle, 1 small red onion, halved and minced, 6 green onions, thinly sliced on an angle, CitrusThai Basil Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Chopped fresh cilantro, Thai basil, andor mint leaves, for garnish, 34 cup orange juice, 14 cup lime juice, 12 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, chopped substitute regular basil or mint leaves if needed, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 heaping tablespoon honey, 12 cup canola oil], title: Brown Rice Salad with CitrusThai Basil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 3782: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and very soft, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, place the potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water by 1 inch and season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain, then transfer to a large bowl, add the milk and mash until smooth. Let cool at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Add the cooked onion, egg yolk, flour, cheese, parsley, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the potatoes stir until combined. Scoop 14 cupfuls of the potato mixture onto a lightly floured surface and form into twelve 3inch pancakes.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the pancakes until golden brown on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Gently flip, adding more butter to the pan if necessary, and continue cooking until browned on the other side, 3 to 4 more minutes. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve. Top with chives.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more if needed, 1 large onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and chopped, 14 cup milk, 1 large egg yolk, 13 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup shredded Irish cheddar cheese about 2 ounces, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper, Finely chopped fresh chives, for topping], title: CheddarandHerb Boxty, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 3783: {instructions: Blend together the sirloin and short ribs and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Loosely form the meat into 4 equal 4ounce patties about 12inch thick. I like to shape my patties into either squares or circles depending on the shape of my bread. That way every bite will have burger in it Create a small well in the center of each beef patty, using your thumb this will help your burger cook evenly. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Cook the onions, sprinkling with salt and stirring occasionally, until caramelized, brown and soft, 25 to30 minutes. Season beef patties generously with salt and pepper. Heat a large castiron skillet or griddle pan over high heat and add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the oil. Cook the burgers wellside up the burger well collects the juices while cooking, letting your burger marinate until browned on each side, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Spread the Homemade Pimiento Cheese on the nonbuttered side of each slice of bread. Top half of the bread slices with a pile of onions, then add the burger patties and top with the remaining bread slices. Place the sandwiches back on the griddle and toast until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is beginning to melt, 2 minutes per side.nBlend the Cheddar, mayonnaise, onions, pimientos, garlic and hot sauce in a food processor until well combined. Transfer the pimento cheese to a glass jar or bowl and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Yield: 1 34 cups., ingredients: [10 ounces ground sirloin, 6 ounces ground beef short ribs, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 Spanish onions, thinly sliced, Eight 12inchthick slices rye bread, buttered on one side, Homemade Pimento Cheese, recipe follows, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, coarsely shredded, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup finely chopped Vidalia onion, 3.5 ounces diced jarred pimientos, drained, 1 clove garlic, grated, Dash hot sauce], title: Custom Blend Beef Patty Melt with Pimento Cheese, picturelink: S2tk1tOwVT8HFEnkszIE56LBY0ulFca}, 3784: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, break the matzo into 1inch pieces. Bring the water to a boil and pour over the matzos. Quickly toss the matzo, then drain off any excess. In a bowl, beat the eggs with a fork. Mix the eggs, salt and pepper into the matzo. Over high heat, heat the butter and oil in a large saute pan. Add the matzo and fry until crisp. Flip over to fry the other side, breaking into pieces as it cooks. Serve with Maple syrup, or preserves., ingredients: [4 pieces matzo, 12 cup water, 4 eggs, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons kosher for Passover vegetable oil], title: Matzo Brei, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 3785: {instructions: Combine the milk and vanilla bean in a small saucepan and bring just to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 minutes.nWhisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.nPour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter.nStir in the banana slices and pour into dessert cups and chill, covered if you dont want a skin, uncovered if skin is your thing.nWhip the cream with the sugar and cocoa powder until stiff. Keep chilled until ready to serve. Cut banana leaves in long triangles and stick it at the back of the pudding for decoration. Top pudding with a dollop of cocoa whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups milk whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 2 bananas, sliced, 1 cup cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, Banana leaves, optional], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 3786: {instructions: Puree 1 12 cups sour cream, 34 cup mayonnaise and 12 pound blue cheese. Add chopped chives, a dash of Worcestershire sauce, and celery salt and pepper to taste.nSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Blue Cheese Dip, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 3787: {instructions: Toast bread in 350 degree F oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Rub lightly with garlic clove while still warm.nRemove gills from mushrooms with spoon and cut into 14inch thick slices. In a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook mushrooms until softened, then add garlic stirring, until all liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Keep mushrooms warm, covered.nTop toasted bread with sauteed mushrooms and tomato relish. Garnish with basil.nCut tomatoes in quarters, combine red onion, basil, vinegar, olive oil. Season, to taste, and let marinate for 15 minutes., ingredients: [8 slices crusty Italian bread, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 6 portobello caps, wiped clean, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tomato Relish, recipe to follow, 4 cups assorted baby tomatoes red, yellow, and orange, 14 cup minced red onion, 14 cup fresh basil, shredded, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Portobello Mushroom Bruschetta, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 3788: {instructions: The following recipes are good for 2 pizzas.nFor the dough: In a small bowl, mix yeast, sugar, salt and 14 cup warm water. Let stand 5 minutes until foamy. In a mixer with a dough hook, mix flour and five spice powder. While mixer is running, slowly pour in yeast mixture, oils and the rest of the water knead on low speed for 8 to 10 minutes. Stop mixer when the dough forms a smooth and firm ball. Divide dough into 6 balls and place on sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Cover with a cloth and place in a warm part of the kitchen let balls double in size, about 2 hours. Working on a floured surface with floured hands, take one ball and spread out with your fingers to about 5 inches in diameter. Take a floured rolling pin and roll out to a little less than a 14inch thick. The final diameter will be 8 to 10 inches. On a low grill, brush on a little canola oil and mark one side. Brush oil on the raw side and flip. Immediately place toppings and cover with a lid to help retain the heat and assist the cheese melting process. Carefully watch the pizza. If the grill is too hot, the bottom will burn before the pizza is ready. If this occurs, you can place the pizza on a tray and use the broiler of an oven to finish the melting.nFor the pizza: In a hot wok coated with oil, stirfry garlic, ginger and onions. Season with salt and pepper and cook until onions are caramelized. Add mushrooms and zucchini and stirfry until soft. Check for seasoning. Place filling on top of a grilled pizza dough. Cover with tomato slices and basil. Cover with cheese., ingredients: [1 package yeast or 2 teaspoons fresh yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup warm water, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon five spice powder, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 34 cups warm water, Canola oil to cook, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 large red onions, Salt and black pepper to taste, 2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup sliced yellow zucchini, 1 cup sliced green zucchini, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, 13 cup Thai basil chiffonade, 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese], title: Vegetarian Stir Fry Grilled Pizza, picturelink: null}, 3789: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Pour in the orange juice, vodka and liqueur and shake well until chilled. Serve in a large martini glass. Float 1 or 2 edible flowers in the drink for garnish, if using., ingredients: [Ice, 13 cup strained, fresh squeezed mandarin orange juice or tangerine juice, 2 ounces vodka, 1ounce orange liqueur, Small edible flowers, for garnish, optional], title: Mandarin Martini, picturelink: null}, 3790: {instructions: Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs let cool slightly.nSpread about 12 teaspoon mustard on 1 slice of ham, then sprinkle with 1 heaping teaspoon finely chopped dill pickle. Top with a Swiss cheese slice and cut lengthwise into 34inchwide strips. Wrap each Tater Tot in a hamandcheese strip and secure with a toothpick.nPosition a rack 6 inches from the broiler preheat the broiler. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Transfer the wrapped Tater Tots to the prepared baking sheet and broil until the ham starts crisping around the edges and the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes.nPhotograph by Mark Weinberg, ingredients: [12 ounces about 2 12 cups frozen Tater Tots, 4 teaspoons yellow mustard, 8 thin slices deli ham about 8 ounces, 1 large dill pickle, finely chopped, 8 thin slices Swiss cheese about 8 ounces, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Cubano Tater Tots, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 3791: {instructions: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Beat the coconut oil and both sugars with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a second large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs to the coconut oil mixture, one at time, beating after each addition to incorporate beat in the vanilla. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture, and beat until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.nScoop 12 heaping tablespoons of dough onto each prepared baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Roll each into a ball with slightly wet hands. Bake until the cookies are golden but still soft in the center, 12 to 15 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer them to a rack to cool completely.nWhen the baking sheets have cooled completely, scoop the remaining dough onto 1 sheet and bake. Store the cookies in a tightly sealed container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup virgin coconut oil, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips], title: Coconut Oil Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: zMQeAu5R5D.0JRxEQaPXl78UhZgLJG6}, 3792: {instructions: Use a box grater to grate potatoes into a large bowl. Grate onion into the bowl with the potatoes, mix to combine. Place the mixture in a colander set over a bowl. Drain the liquid, pressing the potato mixture to remove the excess liquid. Strain any watery liquid from the bowl, but leave the heavier starch. Return the starch to the potato mixture.nAdd the egg, flour, and beer. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. The consistency should be moist, but should hold together.nIn a large, heavybottomed skillet set over medium heat, heat enough vegetable oil to fill the pan 14 full. Drop by spoonfuls into the hot oil, and cook on each side until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove the latkes to a papertowellined baking sheet. Serve immediately with applesauce, sour cream, or creme fraiche., ingredients: [6 medium Idaho potatoes, peeled, 12 large white onion, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup Kirin beer or other light lager, Salt, and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Applesauce, for serving, Sour cream, or creme fraiche, for serving], title: Marthas Latkes, picturelink: null}, 3793: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the cauliflower and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the oregano. Turn the heat off and reserve. Heat a large heavy griddle. Working in batches, heat the tortillas one at a time until they are soft and pliable, about 1 minute per side. Add 2 tablespoons of warm Chorizo Refried Beans to the center of the tortilla, spreading outward to the sides. Add 1 tablespoon of the sauteed cauliflower mixture. Add 1 tablespoon of cheese. Fold in the edges and roll to form a burrito. Return to the griddle just for the cheese to melt, about 10 seconds. Serve warm.nHeat a medium saute pan on medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook until golden in color, about 6 minutes. Remove the chorizo to a drain on a plate lined with some paper towels. Add the onions to the pan with the chorizo fat. Saute until the onions are translucent, about 4 minutes. Return the chorizo to the pan. Add the refried beans to the mixture. Continue cooking for about 5 minutes. Turn the heat off and reserve for tostadas and burritos., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 head purple or white cauliflower, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 8 flour tortillas, 1 cup Chorizo Refried Beans, recipe follows, 12 cup shredded Oaxaca cheese or Monterey Jack, 6 ounces raw pork chorizo, 12 medium white onion, finely chopped, Two 15.2ounce cans refried pinto beans], title: Bean, Cauliflower and Cheese Burritos, picturelink: JED3PuVMfbtDxrPoyJ9K8.SYuCxGvnG}, 3794: {instructions: Peel plantains and cut into 1inch thick rounds.nHeat the oil in a small saucepan until hot but not smoking. Drop the plantain rounds into the hot oil 3 or 4 at a time and cook until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels.nSet each fried plantain on a flat side, and using a rolling pin, frying pan, or whatever else you think will work, squash it as flat as you can. It should have a circular shape.nReturn the flattened plantain sections to the hot oil 3 or 4 at a time and cook until the entire surface is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the plantains from the oil, drain, and season liberally with salt and pepper. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 green plantains, 2 cups vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: DoubleFried Plantain Rounds, picturelink: null}, 3795: {instructions: Place broth in a large pot and bring to a boil. Add shrimp, ham, water, chestnuts, and corn. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, stirring frequently. Add cornstarch solution and cook, stirring, until soup boils and thickens slightly. Turn off heat. Add egg whites, stirring until they form long threads.nStir in green onion, sesame oil, pepper and salt, to taste., ingredients: [14 pound medium raw shrimp, deveined and coarsely chopped, 6 cups chicken broth, 12 cup diced cooked ham, 14 cup coarsely chopped water chestnuts, 1 can 16 ounce cream style corn, 3 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 13 cup water, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 green onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 18 teaspoon white pepper, Salt to taste], title: Velvet Corn Soup, picturelink: null}, 3796: {instructions: In a medium bowl, with a whisk, beat together 1 tablespoon vinegar, salt, pepper. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and beat until emulsified. Add the other tablespoon of vinegar and 2 more tablespoons of olive oil and beat until emulsified. Top the mixture with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Stir in parsley. Add the garlic clove. Refrigerate until ready to use. Cook pasta per package instructions, drain, rinse with cold water until cool, add to bowl and toss with olive oil and garlic clove. Set aside.nBrush vegetables with olive oil. On a hot grill roast peppers, corn, zucchini and red onion until browned and tender. Remove from grill. Remove kernels from corn and roughly chop remaining vegetables. Toss grilled vegetables and reserved vinaigrette with pasta. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped Italian parsley, 1 garlic clove peeled, 1 pound tricolored fusilli pasta, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small garlic clove, finely minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large red bell peppers, seeded, cut in half, 2 large ears fresh corn, husked, 2 large zucchini, sliced 12inch thick, 1 large red onion, sliced 13inch], title: Grilled Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 3797: {instructions: Place tomatoes, garlic, and dried red chile in a blender and puree until smooth. Set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium saucepan cook onion slices for 1 minute. Strain the pureed sauce into the saucepan with onion. Season with salt and crushed oregano. Cook over medium heat for 3 minutes. Keep mixture at a simmer. Have warm plates ready.nFry tortillas in remaining 4 tablespoons of oil in a medium skillet. Drain and place 1 on each plate. Fry eggs in butter 1 at a time. Place eggs on each tortilla and cover with the sauce., ingredients: [2 cups chopped tomatoes, 1 teaspoon mashed garlic, 1 small arbol chile, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons, 12 onion, sliced, Salt, 12 teaspoon crushed Mexican oregano leaves, 6 corn tortillas, 6 eggs, Butter, for frying eggs], title: Eggs, Ranchers Style: Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: null}, 3798: {instructions: Preheat a nonstick griddle.nCombine flour, baking powder, nutmeg, salt, and sugar in a small bowl. Whisk together the cheese, eggs, milk, lemon juice and zest in a large bowl. Whisk the flour mixture into the wet ingredients until just combined. Brush the hot griddle with butter. For each pancake, pour approximately 14 cup measure of the batter on the griddle and cook on both sides until light golden brown. Repeat until no batter remains.nEmpty the contents of the lemon curd into a small saucepan and warm over low heat. Alternatively, remove the lid and place in a microwave oven on 50 percent power for 2 minutes, stopping after 1 minute to stir the curd. Drizzle a few tablespoons of the curd over the pancakes, top with fresh raspberries, and sprinkle with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 2 eggs, 23 cup milk, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Butter, for griddle, 1 11ounce jar prepared lemon curd, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with Lemon Curd and Fresh Raspberries, picturelink: PeDvgp4P.kClOtQYcv93l6UwZJMlQ06}, 3799: {instructions: Arrange the rack in the middle of oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to boil.nStem the chard, keeping the leaves whole. Salt the boiling water and add the chard and let wilt. The pot will be packed at first. Boil the chard 10 minutes, drain in a colander and run under cool water. Let it drain and squeeze out any excess liquid in a clean kitchen towel. Chop.nMeanwhile, heat the butter over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook 1 minute, and then whisk in the milk. Season with salt, pepper and a little freshly grated nutmeg. Stir in the roasted garlic paste. Thicken the sauce to coat the back of a spoon and adjust seasonings to taste.nLayer half the greens in a medium casserole 8 to 10 inches long. Top with half the bechamel sauce and half the cheese. Repeat layers, ending with the cheese. Bake until bubbly and brown, 20 to 30., ingredients: [4 12 to 5 pounds Swiss chard or rainbow chard 6 to 8 large bundles, Salt, 1 stick butter, 12 cup flour, 5 cups whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, 2 bulbs roasted garlic, cloves squeezed from skins and pasted, 4 cups freshly shredded ParmigianoReggiano], title: Swiss Chard au Gratin, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 3800: {instructions: Melt butterscotch morsels with peanut butter in heavy saucepan over very low heat, stirring constantly until well blended. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal to butterscotch mixture, stirring until well coated. Press half of cereal mixture into 8 x 8 x 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. Chill in refrigerator while preparing filling. Set remaining cereal mixture aside.nCombine chocolate morsels, powdered sugar, butter and water. Stir over very low heat until chocolate melts and mixture is well blended. Spread over chilled cereal mixture. Spread remaining cereal mixture evenly over top. Press in gently. Chill. Remove from refrigerator for about 10 minutes before cutting into squares., ingredients: [1 cup butterscotch morsels, 12 cup peanut butter, 4 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 1 package 6 oz. semisweet chocolate morsels, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, softened, 1 tablespoon water], title: Crunchy Fudge Sandwiches, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 3801: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the cornmeal, sugar, salt, and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. Place the lard in an 8inch heavy iron skillet, set in oven, and let melt. Meanwhile, mix the eggs lightly into the combined dry ingredients, then stir in just enough buttermilk to make a batter about the consistency of pancake batter.nRemove skillet from the oven, tilt so that lard greases both the sides and the bottom, and then pour the hot lard into the batter. Stir briskly just to mix.nPour batter into the hot skillet and bake in hot oven until firm and lightly browned, about 25 minutes. Serve ovenhot, directly from skillet. The way to eat batter bread is to cut it into wedges as you would a cake, then to split each wedge horizontally and tuck in a lump or two of sweet butter while the bread is still hot enough to melt it., ingredients: [2 cups stoneground cornmeal, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup lard or vegetable shortening, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 to 2 cups buttermilk], title: Old Virginia Batter Bread, picturelink: hYfYfflvj4qEYleRF8bE.mEJUpB01S}, 3802: {instructions: Add the yogurt and pesto to a medium bowl and stir until fully combined. Add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup storebought pesto, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Yogurt Pesto Dip, picturelink: KxYfFjQo.vKVfI3..k7AZ.JCvXC84RW}, 3803: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. With a fork prick potatoes and on a baking sheet bake in middle of oven 1 hour, or until tender. Leave oven on. When potatoes are just cool enough to handle, halve lengthwise and scoop flesh into a 3quart saucepan, leaving 14inchthick shells.nWith a potato masher mash potatoes in saucepan with 3 tablespoons butter. Stir in milk and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer shells to baking sheet and brush insides with remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Season shells with salt and pepper. Mashed potatoes and shells may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat mashed potatoes before proceeding.nBake potato shells in middle of oven until golden, about 20 minutes. While shells are baking, cut basil into thin strips and stir about three fourths into warm mashed potatoes. Spoon mashed potatoes into shells and bake until heated through, about 10 minutes. Serve each potato half topped with 12 tablespoon sour cream and some remaining basil., ingredients: [8 medium Yukon Gold or other yellowfleshed potatoes about 2 34 pounds, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup milk, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup sour cream], title: TwiceBaked Potatoes with Basil and Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 3804: {instructions: Stir the first 3 ingredients in a large mixing bowl let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Mix the flour, sugar, cocoa and salt in another bowl. Stir 1 14 cups water, the egg yolk and butter into dissolved yeast then stir in the flour mixture, 1 cup at a time, with your hands. Stir in the chocolate chips last. Knead on a lightly floured surface until velvety, elastic and moist, 8 to 10 minutes.nIf done in a mixer, follow the same stages but add the chocolate chips together with the flour using the paddle. When it is blended, change to the dough hook and knead 2 minutes at low speed then 2 minutes at medium speed.nPlace the dough in an oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise about 2 hours.nPunch the dough down and cut in half. Shape into round loaves and place on an oiled baking sheet. Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBake for 15 minutes, reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake 30 minutes longer. Cool on a rack. Slice and enjoy for breakfast or a snack., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast or 18 grams fresh yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon lukewarm water, 4 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 14 cups lukewarm water, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature, 1 cup unsweetened chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Bread, picturelink: null}, 3805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut both squash in 12 lengthwise and scoop out all seeds. Rub them inside and out with the oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the squash cut side down on a sheet pan or cookie sheet and cover with foil. Place in the oven and cook until the rind is slightly soft or gives with a little pressure, about 20 minutes. When they are done, scrape the meat out with a fork and reserve, keeping warm.nIn a hot skillet, melt the butter and continue to cook until dark brown. Add the capers, zucchini, and bell pepper to stop the butter from cooking any further, and cook, stirring, until tender. Stir in the lemon juice and parsley and season with salt and pepper.nIn a large mixing bowl mix the squash, butter sauce, and tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [2 large spaghetti squash, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 8 tablespoons sweet butter, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 14 cup diced zucchini rind only, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup julienne tomato concasse peeled and seeded], title: Spaghetti Squash with Lemon and Capers, picturelink: dVdi9qqOI5HHGTm8HzquCjIsG4WvaYW}, 3806: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour an 8inch square baking pan. Line the bottom with parchment and spray with cooking spray.nPulse the red cabbage in a food processor until pureed. Add the sugar, apple juice and eggs and process until well combined. With the motor running, add in the oil and process until combined and emulsified.nCombine the flour, baking powder, salt and cinnamon and whisk to combine. Add to the food processor and pulse until just combined. Pour into the prepared pan.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool. Turn out onto a plate and remove the parchment.nFor the frosting: In a mixer fitted with a whisk, beat together the Greek yogurt and honey. Frost the cake and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the pan, 1 12 cups shredded red cabbage about 14 small head, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons apple juice, 2 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 12 cups Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons mild honey], title: Red Cabbage Cake, picturelink: ZoRokIkZb1whYHJvh8TyHPUTWIGUa}, 3807: {instructions: To make the polenta, set aside a 10 x 10inch shallow baking dish or other comparable dish. Bring the vegetable stock, salt, and rosemary to a boil in a mediumsize saucepan. Reduce the heat to a simmer, then gradually sprinkle in the cornmeal, whisking constantly with a wire whisk. Cook the polenta, whisking all the while, until it begins to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 7 minutes. Whisk in the butter, Parmesan cheese, and mozzarella cheese.nScrape the polenta into the reserved baking dish and smooth over the top. Let cool for 10 minutes, then cover and chill for at least 1 hour, or until cold throughout. When you are ready to broil the polenta, cut it into 12 squares or diamonds. Lightly brush both sides of each piece with the olive oil, and place the polenta on a baking sheet. Set aside while you cook the vegetables.nTo cook the vegetables, melt the butter in a mediumsize skillet over medium heat. Add the largest of the shallots and cover the pan. Cook 5 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally. Add the smaller shallots, sprinkle on the sugar, then sprinkle on a few tablespoons of water. Lower the heat, cover the pan, and cook until caramelized and soft, about 25 minutes. Continue to shake the pan on occasion while the shallots are cooking.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shiitake caps and saute until brown and juicy. Remove onto a plate. Add the remaining oil, then toss in the red peppers. Cook 2 minutes, then mix in the zucchini. Cook the vegetables, tossing often, until they are tender, yet crisp. Make a small well in the center of the pan and add the garlic. Cook 1 minute before mixing it into the vegetables. Stir in the shallots and shiitake mushrooms, then season generouly with salt and pepper. Keep the vegetables warm over low heat.nBroil the polenta until golden brown on top and hot throughout. Serve 2 polenta squares on each plate with some vegetables along the center. Garnish with rosemary sprigs, ingredients: [3 12 cups vegetable stock, or water, 12 teaspoon salt less if your stock is salty, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, or 14 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons olive oil for brushing on polenta, 1 tablespoon butter, 18 shallots, peeled separate small ones from large ones, A pinch sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, caps kept whole, 2 red bell peppers, cored and cut into strips 2x12, 2 small zucchini, halved lengthwise and cut diagonally 14 inch thick, 3 garlic cloves, minced, Salt to taste, Freshly ground pepper to taste, Rosemary sprigs for garnish], title: Broiled Polenta with Vegetables and Caramelized Shallots, picturelink: null}, 3808: {instructions: Wrap the beef tenderloin in plastic wrap and place in the freezer for about 20 minutes. This makes it easier to slice the beef.nCut the beef into 14inch slices and place each slice between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. With a beef pounder, flatten out the beef until it is paper thin.nRemove the beef from the plastic wrap and arrange in one layer on a large plate. Layer a few arugula leaves, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper, and cheese shavings over the raw meat.nAdd a generous amount of pomegranate seeds and freshly squeezed lemon juice, just before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces whole beef tenderloin, Bunch of arugula, torn, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, shavings, 1 cup pomegranate seeds, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Beef Carpaccio with Pomegranate, picturelink: null}, 3809: {instructions: For the creamed spinach: Put some ice and cold water in a bowl. Bring a pot of salted water up to a boil. Add the spinach, cook it for 2 minutes, and then transfer it to the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain the spinach in a colander, and then squeeze it with your hands until all the excess liquid has been removed.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Add the onion, garlic and 14 teaspoon salt and sweat the vegetables, stirring frequently, until they are soft but have taken on no color, about 6 minutes. Add the flour and stir to create a roux. Cook, stirring continuously to make sure it doesnt burn, for 3 minutes. Whisk in the milk and cook until the flour is completely dissolved and there are no lumps. Turn down the heat to maintain a low simmer and cook for 3 minutes. Whisk in the cream, return the mixture to a simmer, and fold in the spinach. Stir in the nutmeg, cayenne and 2 teaspoons salt. Cook for 2 more minutes and season with additional salt. Keep warm.nFor the onion rings: Heat about 3 inches of oil to 375 degrees F in a large, wide heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Whisk the flour, Old Bay and baking powder in a medium bowl. Slowly stir in the club soda until smooth. Working in batches, dip each onion ring in batter to evenly coat. Fry the onion rings until golden brown and crispy, about 2 minutes. Drain the rings on paper towels and immediately season with salt.nFor the steak: Put a large pan over high heat. Allow the pan to get very hot, almost smoking. Pat the steak dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the meat on both sides with the salt and pepper. Add some oil to the hot pan and carefully add the steak. To ensure a good sear, do not move steak in the pan. Cook for 4 minutes, flip, and cook for another 4 minutes for mediumrare. Let the steak rest for 3 minutes before slicing.nFor the sandwiches: Add 14 cup of warm creamed spinach to the bottom halves of the Kaiser rolls. Slice each portion of steak in half, or desiredsize pieces, and put them on top of the creamed spinach. Add a fried egg to each sandwich and top with Kaiser roll tops. Serve with onion rings., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds baby spinach, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup diced Spanish onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large Spanish onions, cut into 12 thick inch rings, separated, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup club soda, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, Kosher salt, 1 pound skirt steak, cut into 4 portions, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 Kaiser rolls, split, buttered, and lightly toasted on a griddle, 4 large eggs, fried], title: Steak and Egg Sandwich with Creamed Spinach and Onion Rings, picturelink: hzYVLvLFYMwNs.pRBp7UIEK2CLaznVC}, 3810: {instructions: Preheat grill or broiler. Season chicken to taste with salt and pepper, and lightly brush with olive oil. Grill or broil, skinside down first, about 10 minutes per side.nMelt butter in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Cook onions with salt and pepper until soft and clear. Add garlic and paprika, and cook an additional minute, stirring constantly. Add remaining ingredients, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, about 5 minutes.nPlace chicken over individual beds of bulgur wheat, rice or pasta. Ladle on sauce and serve., ingredients: [6 whole chicken legs with thighs, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 yellow bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 14 cups chicken stock], title: Chicken with Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 3811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the Rhubarb Syrup, tequila, lime juice, triple sec, orange juice, mint leaves and some crushed ice in a shaker. Combine in batches, if necessary.nPlace the strawberries in the bottom of 4 margarita glasses. Strain the margaritas over the strawberries.nCombine 1 12 cups water and the sugar in a medium saucepan over high heat. Cook until the sugar is dissolved. Add the rhubarb and cook until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and steep for 1 hour. Drain the liquid into a small saucepan and cook over high heat until slightly reduced and thickened, about 5 minutes. Transfer the syrup to a bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for about 1 hour., ingredients: [Rhubarb Syrup, recipe follows, 2 cups white tequila, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup triple sec, such as Cointreau, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice2 tablespoons fresh ripped mint leaves, Crushed ice, for the shaker, 8 fresh strawberries, hulled and finely diced, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 large stalks rhubarb, coarsely chopped], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Margaritas, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 3812: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 10inch nonstick Bundt pannPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the butter in a medium bowl. Brush the Bundt pan with some of the butter to lightly coat.nCut the biscuits into quarters. Combine the hot cocoa mix and sugar in a large bowl and stir together.nWorking in batches, toss onethird of the biscuits in the melted butter, roll them in the hot cocoa mixture to lightly coat and add them to the Bundt pan so they are nestled together in an even layer sprinkle with onethird of the marshmallows and chocolate chips. Repeat to make 2 more layers of biscuits rolled in cocoa, the marshmallows and chocolate chips. Sprinkle the top with any leftover hot cocoa mixture and drizzle with any leftover butter.nCover the pan with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until puffed and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more. Loosen the bread from the sides of the pan with a knife or offset spatula. Carefully invert the pan onto a serving plate, remove the pan and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Two 16ounce tubes refrigerated biscuit dough, such as Pillsbury Grands, Four .7ounce envelopes instant hot cocoa mix, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: Hot Cocoa Monkey Bread, picturelink: K8DYRQ9noAGTUuoxNRhFOjctyJWCpdq}, 3813: {instructions: In a large soup pot, heat the oil and saute the onion until softened. Add the broccoli and saute for one minute. Add the stock and salt and cook covered until broccoli is tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Puree in a blender until smooth, thin with heated milk.nTIP:nLOOKS LIKE BROCCOLI.... BROCCOLI RABEnTrim off the bottom, tough stems of the broccoli rabe, wash well. Slice stems into 12inch pieces and saute with whole peeled garlic cloves in olive oil. After 5 minutes add florets, saute until slightly tender, add a pinch of Italian red pepper and serve over pasta, ingredients: [1 12 pounds broccoli, florets and top third of stalks, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cups vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk or heavy cream, Pinch of cayenne, Cheddar croutons for garnish], title: Curtis Broccoli Soup, picturelink: null}, 3814: {instructions: Bring a large pot of well salted water to a boil. Set up a bowl of well salted ice water. Toss the broccoli florets into the boiling water. Let the water come back to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Immediately plunge the broccoli into the salted ice water and let it cool. Remove the cold broccoli from the ice water and reserve with the stem coins.nIn a small dry saute pan toast the coriander seeds until they become very aromatic, 3 to 4 minutes. Pulse the coriander seeds in a spice grinder to a fine powder. Reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and add the onions. Season with salt and a pinch of crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat and cook the onions until they are soft and aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger, and ground coriander seed and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and season with salt. Bring the mix to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer the mix over medium heat for about 10 minutes. Toss in the broccoli florets and the stem coins. Cook until the tomatoes really cling to the broccoli, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 head broccoli, head cut into bite size florets, stems peeled and cut into 14inch thick coins, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, cut into 14inch dice, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12inch piece ginger, peeled and grated on a zester, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, passed through a food mill], title: Broccoli and Tomato Stew, picturelink: KZM2DEjJsmHjgkvg9GM7vxfwpP3QE2}, 3815: {instructions: Crush fennel seeds, cumin seeds, salt, garlic, allspice, thyme and peppercorns in mortar and pestle. Fold double thick layer of foil into 4 inch square. Poke 4 small holes in foil. Push foil through roast to bottom to cover opening so stuffing will not fall out later holes let steam escape. Place roast on rack in large roasting pan. Rub spice mixture over meat. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place pork in oven and reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Roast pork 1 hour 30 minutes. Fill cavity with enough stuffing to mound in center. Continue roasting until thermometer inserted into center of meat registers 160 degrees F, about 1 hour 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, boil chicken stock until reduced by half. Remove from heat. Add chilies. Cover and let stand until chilies are softened. Puree mixture in processor.nCarefully transfer pork to platter. Add oil to roasting pan and set over medium heat. Add onions and stir until onion is tender. Add flour and stir until golden brown. Gradually add stock, whisk until blended. Boil until thickened to gravy consistency. Stir in honey. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Arrange cornbread on baking sheet and bake until slightly dry. Transfer to very large bowl. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion, and jalapenos and saute until onion is tender. Add garlic and saute 1 minute. Remove from heat. Transfer to bowl with cornbread. Add sage, oregano, cilantro and hominy and stir to blend. Stir in eggs and enough stock to moisten. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSpoon any stuffing not used in crown roast into butter baking dish. Bake alongside pork until heated through, about 40 minutes. Uncover and bake until top begins to brown., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, toasted, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 4 garlic cloves, pressed, 6 whole allspice berries, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground black peppercorns, 1 6 12 to 7 pound crown roast of pork, Cornbread Hominy Stuffing see recipe, 5 cups chicken stock, 2 dried Ancho chilies, toasted, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cups crumbled corn bread, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 Poblano chilies, roasted, chopped, 3 jalapeno chilies, seeded, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 34 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 12 cups canned hominy, drained, 1 12 cups canned or frozen corn kernels, 3 large eggs, beaten to blend, 1 12 cups chicken stock], title: Crown Roast of Pork with Cornbread Hominy Stuffing and Chili Gravy, picturelink: null}, 3816: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4inch gingerbread man cookie cutter 6 to 8 mugs a piping bag or resealable plastic bagnFor the gingerbread people: Whisk together the flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, allspice, nutmeg, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl until well blended.nBeat together the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer starting on low and increasing speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes, scraping the sides of the bowl down as needed. Beat in the molasses until combined, then the egg. The mixture will look curdled. Turn to low speed and beat in the flour mixture a little at a time until the mixture comes together, then increase speed and beat until all of the ingredients are well incorporated and you have a sticky dough. Divide the dough in half, flatten into 2 disks and wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least two hours and up to overnight.nPosition 2 racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Keeping the other disk refrigerated, roll one disk to an 18inch thickness on a wellfloured surface, sprinkling flour on and under the dough as needed and sliding a spatula underneath every so often to prevent sticking. If the dough looks crackly or breaks apart, press it back together from the outside edge in. With a 4inch gingerbread man cookie cutter, cut out gingerbread people as close together on the dough as possible. Pull away the extra dough around each shape and use a small spatula to transfer the people to the prepared cookie sheets about 1 inch apart. Gather together the scraps, leaving behind the excess flour, and knead them a few times to form a smooth dough again. Reroll them in the same way. If there are any pieces of dough stuck on your surface, scrape them away with a spatula, flour the surface again and then continue to roll the dough. Check to see if the cutter fits inside the mugs. If the legs are too wide, gently push the legs of the dough cutouts closer together to make them fit. Freeze the cookies to firm them, about 15 minutes.nBake the cookies in the center of the oven racks, rotating the sheets from top to bottom and also turning them 180 degrees around halfway through baking, until they are slightly firm to the touch but not brown, about 12 minutes. Repeat the process with the remaining dough.nCool the cookies 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely before icing. The cookies will continue to firm as they cool.nCombine the confectioners sugar and meringue powder in a large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons water and beat with a hand mixer on low speed until the frosting thickens. The icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is overbeaten, it will get aerated, which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit for a bit to settle, then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the icing. Separate the icing into bowls and color as desired.nPut the icing into piping bags or resealable plastic bags and snip the corners to the desired size. Use the icing to decorate the cookies, piping on bathing suits and sunglasses.nPipe a little white icing on the widest end of each gumdrop to make a drink with foam. Dot some icing on 1 hand of each gingerbread person and press the drink into the dot to make it stick. Let the cookies set at room temperature, at least 1 hour.nFor the hot chocolate: Combine the milk, cocoa powder, sugar, molasses, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar, cocoa powder and spices are dissolved and the milk is steaming, about 5 minutes. Do not let the mixture come to a boil. Whisk in the chopped chocolate a little at a time until smooth.nTo serve, divide the hot chocolate among 6 to 8 mugs. Insert a gingerbread person with its arms resting on the rim. Add whipped cream and marshmallows as bubbles in the hot tubs., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter cut into 1inch pieces, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 8 ounces about 1 23 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup meringue powder, Food coloring, as desired, 8 gumdrops, 6 cups milk, 14 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 3 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 7 ounces goodquality milk chocolate, chopped, Whipped cream, for serving, Mini marshmallows, for serving], title: Gingerbread People in Gingerbread Hot Chocolate Tubs, picturelink: rYsNcz0o8Hm5cNBi70syhIKm2tYWTO}, 3817: {instructions: Distribute the meat evenly over the 6 Kaiser rolls. Place approximately 2 ounces of the barbecue sauce over the meat. Place the top of the kaiser roll on the meat and serve with a knife and fork., ingredients: [1 12 pounds thinly sliced cooked beef or pork, heated, 6 kaiser rolls, 12 ounces barbecue sauce, heated], title: Beef and Pork Buns, picturelink: null}, 3818: {instructions: Simmer the water and sugar, ginger, lime peel, turmeric or saffron, whole spices for 5 minutes. Let cool and strain out spices. Stir in fresh lime juice before serving over fruit., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 inch long by 14inch wide strip of lime peel, 18 teaspoon turmeric or saffron, 2 whole cardamom pods, crushed, 1 whole star anise and 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Exotic Lime Syrup for Fresh Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 3819: {instructions: For the potato gumbo:nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat.nAdd the onions and saute until golden brown. Add the garlic and smoked bacon and continue to saute.nOnce the bacon has cooked and becomes crisp, add the celery, Swiss chard stems, and green pepper, saute until tender. Remove the bacon mixture from the pan, put in a bowl and set aside.nHeat the remaining vegetable oil in the same saute pan, add the flour and bay leaves.nStir with a wooden spoon incorporating the flour and oil to form a paste. Cook until the flour becomes brown and nutty in color. Add the chicken stock, water, and cayenne, stir.nAdd the potatoes and reserved bacon mixture to the liquid. Cook over medium heat until the potatoes are tender and the liquid reduces, achieving a thick consistency, approximately 30 minutes.nAdd the Swiss chard leaves, season with salt, and pepper, cooking until the leaves are wilted, serving., ingredients: [14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium white onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 slices smoked bacon, cut into large dice, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 bunch Swiss chard, coarsely chopped, leaves and stems separated, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 14 cup flour, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, Pinch cayenne, 2 pounds white potatoes, peeled and quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 3820: {instructions: In a blender, combine melon, mint leaves, vodka, and melon liqueur blend until smooth. Pour into flutes or glasses, filling only half full. Fill the rest of the glass with Prosecco and garnish with a slice of melon and sprig of mint., ingredients: [24 ounces mixed melon, cut into 12inch cubes buy precut melon, plus more for garnish, 18 fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 cup melonflavored vodka, 12 cup melon liqueur, 1 bottle Italian Prosecco, Asti, or extradry sparkling wine, chilled], title: MelonMint Prosecco, picturelink: null}, 3821: {instructions: Heat large nonstick skillet over high heat and sear meat on all sides, for about a minute. Work in small batches so meat does not give off liquid. Remove to a plate. In a clean wide skillet, heat butter. Sweat onions and add mushrooms and saute over until deep golden, about 20 minutes. While this is cooking, blend broth, mustard, heavy cream and sour cream together. Lower heat, add flour and cook stirring for a minute. Whisk in liquids, and any meat juices and simmer, without boiling until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Return meat to sauce and heat, without boiling until meat is warmed through. Season to taste with salt and pepper stir in dill and parsley and spoon over noodles., ingredients: [1 pound filet mignon or mignon tips cut into 2inch long and 14inch wide, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 pound mushrooms, domestic or wild, caps only thinly sliced, 12 cup beef broth, 1 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons flour, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, Salt and freshly grounded black pepper, 8 ounces medium egg noodles, cooked], title: Beef Stroganoff for Noodles, picturelink: null}, 3822: {instructions: 1. In small bowl, stir together mustard and sour cream. Cover and refrigerate until serving time.n2. Cook veggie burger according to package directions.n3. Serve burger in bun along with arugula, mustard mixture and cheese.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Fatfree sour cream, 1 Grillersu00ae Original, 1 hamburger bun, split and toasted, 13 cup baby arugula, 1 tablespoon crumbled Roquefort cheese or blue cheese], title: Burger Francois, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 3823: {instructions: Mix together the milk and yeast in a small bowl and set aside for a couple minutes.nMix together the flour, mashed potatoes, butter, limoncello if using, vanilla, salt, egg, lemon zest, the milk and yeast mixture and 14 cup of the sugar in a large bowl until it forms into a dough it will be sticky at this point.nDump it onto a wellfloured surface and knead until the dough comes together and is nice and smooth and no longer sticky this might cause you to use a bit more flour than you might expect, so keep some on hand.nOnce your dough is ready, line a large baking sheet with a lintfree kitchen towel and sprinkle the towel lightly with flour.nCut little pieces the size you cut depends on how big you want the doughnuts to be I make them small, so I cut pieces as big as a golf ball of the dough and roll each one out into a 6inch rope, then pinch the ends together to form a circle. Place on the baking sheet, leaving a few inches of space between. Continue forming the rest and once youre all done, cover them with another kitchen towel and allow them to rise in a warm spot until they have doubled in volume, about an hour.nPut the remaining 2 cups sugar in a baking dish. Pour enough oil into a large pot to come up the sides a few inches and heat until a deepfrying thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Drop about 4 doughnuts at a time in the oil and cook until golden brown, turning once, about a minute per side. Drain on a papertowel lined plate, then immediately roll them in the sugar to coat. Repeat with the remaining doughnuts.nBest when they are hot so dig in, ingredients: [14 cup milk, slightly warm, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading the dough, 1 12 cups mashed boiled potatoes from about 1 pound potatoes peeled and boiled until very soft, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons limoncello, optional, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 large egg, Zest of 1 small lemon, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying], title: Graffe Napoletane, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 3824: {instructions: Using a large mixing bowl, mix all ingredients until no lumps remain. Use jumbo yellow onion rings and slice about 34inch thick.nCoat the onion rings evenly in batter and deep fry at 350 degrees F in vegetable oil just until batter sticks to the rings. Remove the rings from the vegetable oil and drain well, then refrigerate the rings for 2 to 4 hours. You can keep refrigerated for 1 to 2 days loosely covered.nWhen ready to serve, drop the onion rings into 350 degrees F vegetable oil until golden brown., ingredients: [2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 heaping tablespoons white selfrising corn meal, 1 egg, 5 cups 2 percent milk, 8 cups plain allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons yellow food color, 4 jumbo yellow onions, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Leonards Barbeque Onion Ring Batter, picturelink: null}, 3825: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the paprika, turmeric and panko and cook, stirring, until the panko is lightly toasted, about 3 minutes transfer to a small bowl and set aside for topping.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the carrots and cook until tender, 10 minutes remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a blender.nAdd the macaroni to the pot and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Add half of the reserved cooking water to the blender with the carrots and puree until smooth.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat whisk in the flour and mustard powder and cook, whisking, 1 minute. Whisk in the evaporated milk and carrot puree simmer, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cheeses until melted. Add the pasta and stir to coat, adding the remaining cooking water as needed to loosen the sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among bowls and top with the panko mixture.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt, 2 medium carrots, halved lengthwise, 12 ounces elbow macaroni, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 12 cups shredded American cheese, 1 cup shredded sharp yellow cheddar cheese, Freshly ground pepper], title: CrunchTopped Mac and Cheese, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 3826: {instructions: Cook shallots and garlic in oil and butter in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until soft, about 6 minutes. Stir in the peas and water and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until peas are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in spinach, salt, and pepper and cook, tossing, until spinach is just wilted, about 1 minute., ingredients: [2 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 10ounce bag frozen peas, 14 cup water, 5 ounces baby spinach, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper], title: Peas with Spinach and Shallots, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 3827: {instructions: To prepare the Cuban, butter the top and bottom interior side of each baguette and place in a skillet over medium heat to brown and crisp the bread. Once browned, remove the baguettes from the skillet and begin to layer each sandwich with 1 tablespoon mustard, 4 ounces pulled pork, 2 slices pickle, 2 to 3 ounces ham and 2 slices Swiss cheese. After stacking the sandwiches, return the skillet to the stove over medium heat and warm with the oil. Add the sandwiches in batches and weigh down with a heavy skillet. Grill until crisp on the exterior, 1 to 2 minutes. Then flip and repeat the process on the second side. Once cooked on both sides, remove and repeat with the remaining sandwiches, then serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Two 12 to 14inch French baguettes, cut in half lengthwise, 4 tablespoons Dijon or stoneground mustard, 1 pound pulled pork, plain not glazed or barbeque, 10 to 12 pickle slices, 8 to 10 ounces ham, sliced, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil], title: Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 3828: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSalt and pepper both sides of the chicken. Dredge the chicken in the flour.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a heavy ovenproof skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Place the chicken skinside down in the skillet, four pieces at a time. Brown on both sides, then remove to a clean plate. Repeat with the remaining chicken. Pour off half the fat and discard.nAdd the sliced bell peppers and onions to the skillet, as well as the garlic. Stir around for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and stir around for 1 minute. Add the thyme, turmeric and 12 teaspoon salt. And the crushed red pepper flakes if you like things a little spicy. Add extra black pepper to taste. Stir, then pour in the wine and allow to bubble.nPour in the tomatoes and stir to combine. Add the chicken back to the skillet skinside up, without totally submerging it. Cover and put into the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the lid and increase the heat to 375 degrees F. Cook for an additional 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta according to the package directions. Do not overcook Drain and set aside.nTransfer the chicken pieces to a plate, followed by the vegetables. Return the skillet to the burner and turn the heat to medium high. Cook and reduce the sauce for a couple of minutes.nPour the noodles onto a large platter or into a big serving bowl. Add the vegetables all over the top, then place the chicken pieces on top of the vegetables. Spoon the juices from the skillet over the chicken and noodles.nBefore serving, sprinkle on chopped fresh parsley and grated Parmesan., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 whole chicken thighs, skin on you can use any whole chicken pieces, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 green bell peppers, cored and sliced not too thin, 2 red bell peppers, cored and sliced not too thin, 1 medium onion, halved and sliced, 5 cloves garlic, diced, 12 ounces mushrooms white or cremini, sliced, 12 teaspoon ground thyme, 14 teaspoon turmeric, Crushed red pepper flakes, to taste, optional, 34 cup dry white wine, One 28ounce can whole or diced tomatoes with their juice, 1 pound pasta or egg noodles, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for sprinkling, Grated Parmesan, for sprinkling], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: kMD8u4tGYdTzD82BIWU0YNh8BJbIlom}, 3829: {instructions: Bring 2 12 cups water, 14 onion, 1 bay leaf, 1 quartered celery stalk and a few peppercorns to a boil in a large pot. Add 3 pounds scrubbed steamer clams cover and cook until they open, about 10 minutes discard any that do not open. Drain, then strain the liquid. To eat, remove the clams from their shells and rinse in the liquid. Dip in melted butter and serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: New England Steamers, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 3830: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill.nFirst, season each fillet with salt and pepper. Then, brush the mayonnaise on the snapper fillets. In a food processor, combine the parsley, basil, and olive oil. Blend until it is thoroughly pureed. Then brush the parsleybasil puree on top of the mayonnaise layer. Finish by brushing a layer of the chili sauce on top of the paste.nPlace the brushed fillets on the grill, and grill the snapper for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the fish is completely cooked., ingredients: [1 whole red snapper, cleaned and separated into fillets, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped parsley, 14 cup chopped basil, Olive oil, Chili sauce], title: Acapulco Grilled Red Snapper with Pesto Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 3831: {instructions: In a blender puree chopped cucumbers, yogurt, sour cream, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste and transfer to a bowl. Chill soup until ready to eat. Before serving, stir in finely diced cucumber, dill and lemon juice. Garnish soup with cucumber slices, and dill sprigs., ingredients: [3 cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and chopped, plus 1 cup peeled, seeded, and finely diced cucumber, 1 12 cups plain yogurt, 14 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon Englishstyle dry mustard, or to taste, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, Cucumber slices, dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Chilled Cucumber Soup, picturelink: null}, 3832: {instructions: Bring base with fish stock and 1 clove garlic to a simmer. Add potatoes, cover and simmer 15 minutes. Add half of saffron, peas and fish and simmer gently for 5 minutes or until fish is cooked through. Season to taste with salt and Tabasco. Meanwhile, combine the mayonnaise with remaining garlic and saffron. Stir into soup, if you wish., ingredients: [Half of foundation base, 2 cups fish stock, 2 cloves minced garlic, 4 medium size boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 1 teaspoon saffron dissolved in 1 tablespoon of warm water, 1 package 10 ounces frozen thawed petite peas, 1 to 1 12 pounds fish fillets such as monkfish, halibut, or fresh tuna, cut 34inch cubes, Salt and Tabasco sauce, 12 cup mayonnaise, mixed with 14 cup pimentos], title: French Style Fish Soup, picturelink: null}, 3833: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the raisins in a bowl and toss them with 2 tablespoons of the flour until lightly coated this will prevent them from sinking in the cake batter during baking.nTo make the cake: Beat the eggs and sugar in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer until fluffy. With the mixer running, slowly pour in the vanilla and the oil. In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and allspice. Mix into the egg mixture. Mix in the pears and nuts, then stir in the raisins by hand, distributing them evenly in the batter. Spoon into a 10inch tube pan and bake about 45 to 60 minutes, until springy and dry in the center. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack, then turn it out. Freeze until ready to use or just wrap and store for up to 2 days.nTo make the glaze: Stir the maple syrup and sugar together in a bowl. Glaze the cooled cake by spooning the glaze around the top of the cake and letting it drip down the sides., ingredients: [1 cup raisins dark or golden, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon each ground cloves and ground allspice, 2 cups peeled pear chunks from about 3 pears, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Pear Walnut Spice Cake, picturelink: null}, 3834: {instructions: Cook 1 pound frozen edamame in the pods in salted boiling water until tender, 5 minutes drain. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 2 sliced garlic cloves in a skillet over medium heat, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the edamame, some lime juice and salt.nServes: 4 Calories: 159 Total Fat: 9 grams Saturated Fat: 0.5 grams Protein: 12 grams Total carbohydrates: 11 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 5.5 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 127 milligrams Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: ChileGarlic Edamame, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 3835: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of four 6 or 8ounce ramekins.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and salt and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 34 cup water, bring to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture is as thick as pudding, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cheese, fines herbes, whole eggs and nutmeg if using. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir until slightly cool.nBeat the egg white in another medium bowl until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Gently fold the whites into the cheese mixture until there are only a few streaks.nPut the prepared ramekins on a baking dish, divide the batter evenly among them and smooth the tops with a spoon. Bake until golden and puffed about 1 inch above the lips of the ramekins, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve and enjoy right away.n6th Ingredient: Freshly grated nutmeg added in with the cheese and egg yolks., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering ramekins, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups shredded fontina, 12 cup chopped fresh fines herbes a mixture of parsley, chives, chervil and tarragon or chopped chives, 2 large eggs plus 1 large egg white], title: Herb and Cheese Souffle, picturelink: null}, 3836: {instructions: To Make Dough: Dissolve yeast in warm water and set aside. Combine flour and salt in mixing bowl. Make a well in the center of flour. Add the yeast mixture, oil and 34 cup of water. Stir and mix with a wooden spoon until a rough ball of dough is formed and dough cleans the sides of bowl. Turn dough out of bowl onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead dough for 7 to 8 minutes until it is smooth and satiny dust dough with flour if it feels sticky. Dust a large mixing bowl lightly with flour. Place dough in bowl cover with plastic wrap and a kitchen towel. Put dough in a warm place to rise for 1 12 hours, until double in bulk.nAfter dough has doubled in bulk, punch down and turn out of bowl onto work surface. Knead lightly for about 2 minutes. Roll or stretch dough into a circle that is 16 inches in diameter and about 14inch thick. Place dough in a 16inch flat pizza pan. Cover dough with a clean towel and let rise a second time for about 45 minutes before adding toppings.nTo Make Barbecue Sauce: Combine all barbecue sauce ingredients in a 2quart saucepan. Bring to a boil. Turn heat down and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove pan from heat. Strain out cloves and onions. Let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until ready to use. Sauce can be made 1 or 2 days ahead. Makes 2 cups of sauce.nTo Assemble Pizza: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nSpread 13 of barbecue sauce evenly over dough to within 12 inch of edge. Mix the mozzarella and cheddar cheese and sprinkle them over the sauce. Bake pizza for about 10 minutes until crust is golden brown and cheese is bubbly. Remove pizza from oven and spread barbecue meat over the cheese. Add remaining barbecue sauce evenly over meat. Serve at once., ingredients: [One 14ounce package active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water 110 degrees F, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, 34 cup warm water, 1 cup ketchup, 13 cup tomato puree, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 3 whole cloves, 13 cup sliced onions, 16 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 6 ounces water, 2 cups barbecue sauce, 12 ounces lowmoisture, part skim shredded mozzarella recommended: Wisconsin, 2 ounces pasteurized process shredded Cheddar recommended: Wisconsin, 1 14 pounds barbecue meat cooked and chopped pork shoulder, heated], title: Barbecue Pizza: Elvis Pizza Colettas Italian Restaurant, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 3837: {instructions: Preheat the grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nCook the sausage on the outdoor grill or grill pan for about 12 minutes, turning a quarter turn every 3 minutes.nWhile the sausage is cooking, heat the canola oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cabbage, onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until the cabbage has wilted slightly, about 4 minutes.nStir in the beer, vinegar, mustard and the brown sugar and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the apples, cover partially with a lid, to allow some steam to escape. Cook the cabbage and apples over mediumlow heat until they are tender, about 8 minutes.nReserve 2 sausages and 1 cup of the apple sauerkraut for online Round 2 Recipe.nTransfer the sausages and sauerkraut to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 packages 2 pounds turkey sausages, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small head red cabbage, thinly shredded, 1 medium onion, sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce can beer, 12 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 Fuji apples, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch slices], title: Turkey Sausage with Apple Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 3838: {instructions: Bring 34 cup water to a boil and pour over the tea bag in a heatproof measuring cup. Let steep 5 minutes, then remove the tea bag. Refrigerate the tea until cool, at least 30 minutes.nAdd the apple cider and bourbon to the tea. Pour into 2 icefilled glasses and garnish with cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [1 chai tea bag, 34 cup apple cider, 3 ounces honey bourbon, Cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Cider Mill, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 3839: {instructions: Whisk lemon juice, mustard, and sugar together in a bowl. Add chives and whisk in oil in a slow stream. Season dressing with salt and pepper.nQuarter each heart of romaine lengthwise. Trim core at ends. Place 2 quarters on each salad plate. Theyre served whole, covered with dressing. Halve a few grape tomatoes and place at plates edge for garnish. Drizzle salads liberally with vinaigrette and serve., ingredients: [12 a lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch sugar, 10 blades chives, chopped or snipped, 13 to 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, 12 pint grape tomatoes], title: Romaine Hearts with Lemon Chive Vinaigrette, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 3840: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towel crumble. Unroll dough. Sprinkle cheese over dough. Top with turkey, ham and bacon. Starting with long side, roll up dough press edges to seal. Make 3 to 4 slits in top of loaf. Place on sprayed cookie sheet. Bake at 350 for 23 to 28 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 5 minutes. Cut into 1inch diagonal slices., ingredients: [1 lb. Bacon, 1 11oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crusty French Loaf, 4 oz. 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 2 oz. thinly sliced cooked deli turkey, 2 oz. thinly sliced cooked deli ham], title: Baked Club Sandwich Rounds, picturelink: null}, 3841: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat olive oil in a pan over mediumhigh heat add the sliced garlic and cook until it just begins to turn brown. Add the rosemary and continue cooking until rosemary is crispy and garlic is nicely brown. Let cool and stir in lemon zest.nPrepare a hot grill.nSeason lamb chops with salt and pepper. Brush with oil of the marinade and grill to desired doneness mediumrare is recommended. Arrange on a platter and spoon solids of rosemary mixture on top and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thin, 4 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 2 lemons, zested, 8 single lamb chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Baby Lamb Chops with Crispy Rosemary, picturelink: CYxxih.Xaj38M8Awqc8sIEVRhCM46j.}, 3842: {instructions: Mix ingredients in a bowl. Turn out onto a board and chop until a paste is formed., ingredients: [3 bunches cilantro, stems trimmed and finely chopped, 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves only, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, finely chopped with seeds, 12 teaspoon salt, Juice of 1 small lemon, 12 tablespoon peanut oil], title: Mint and Cilantro Chutney, picturelink: null}, 3843: {instructions: 1. Lay out wrap heat if desired in a steamer or on a flat top and starting on the lower third, layer ingredients in order listed.n2. Fold lower third of wrap up over filling and fold outer edges inwards to close the ends then continue rolling up to complete the cylinder. Like a burrito.n3. Serve whole or cut in half on a bias.nNutritional Stats: Calories 388 Protein 25g Fat 13g 31 Calories from Fat Carbohydrate 43g Cholesterol 56mg Fiber 3g Sodium 626mg., ingredients: [1 12inch flour wraptortilla, 13 cup California red seedless grapes, stemmed, halved, 13 cup chicken breast, grilled, sliced, 1 tablespoon creamy Caesar dressing, 1 cup romaine lettuce, cut, 1 tablespoon shredded parmesan cheese], title: Grape Chicken Caesar Wrap, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 3844: {instructions: Roast the habanero and jalapeno peppers over an open flame until they are charred on the outside. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Remove the stems and the seeds. Remove the stems and seeds from the pasilla pepper as well. Set aside.nPlace the tomatoes with their sauce into a large pot. Crush the tomatoes up more with your hands to break them up. Add the roasted habanero and jalapeno peppers, the pasilla chili paste, soy sauce, brown sugar, cayenne, ancho and California chili powders and paprika into the pot and bring to a low boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.nRemove from the heat and cool it down. You can place it into the refrigerator. Once the sauce it cooled completely, add the cilantro and lime juice.nPuree in a food processor or blender until it is smooth. You can adjust the levels of peppers and chili powders to make the sauce hotter or milder to your liking. We love it hot, ingredients: [1 habanero pepper, 1 jalapeno pepper, 12 pasilla pepper, One 14 12ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 18 cup chili paste, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 14 teaspoon California chili powder, 14 teaspoon paprika, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, 12 lime, squeezed], title: Lucky Devils Diablo Sauce, picturelink: Ejz9G8Zz.RGTu7lVHPHDCupbZWUDK}, 3845: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSift all the dry ingredients 3 times and put in the bowl of a mixer. Add the butter using a paddle attachment and combine until the butter is completely dispersed. Add the currants and then the buttermilk, and mix until a dough forms. Roll out the dough to a thickness of about 1inch. Use a cutter to cut desired shapes. Brush with cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until lightly golden, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 4 ounces sugar, plus additional for topping scones, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 13 tablespoon salt, 9 ounces butter, cut into walnutsized pieces, 12 pound currants, 1 15 cups buttermilk, 34 teaspoon baking soda, Cream, to coat scone tops], title: Scones, picturelink: null}, 3846: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 325 degrees F and scatter bread on baking sheet, season with poultry seasoning and bake to toast bread, 1012 minutes.nQuarter the apples and slice into each quarter on an angle to cut away the core. Chop apples into bite size pieces.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat with 3 tablespoons butter, when the butter melts, add the apples, onions, celery, bay leaf and parsley. Season with salt and pepper and cook until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Add turkey to the skillet and combine with vegetables, heat through 2 to 3 minutes then fold in bread and moisten with about 2 cups chicken stock.nWhile stuffing cooks, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a sauce pan over medium heat and whisk in flour, 1 minute, whisk in cider and chicken stock and season with salt and pepper to taste, reduce 4 to 5 minutes.nServe stuffing doused with 12 cup gravy., ingredients: [45 cups farmhousestyle crusty bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 13 palmful, 6 tablespoons butter, divided, 4 McIntosh, Golden Delicious, Gala or Honey Crisp apples, 2 onions, chopped into bite size pieces, 6 ribs celery from the heart, chopped into bite sized pieces, 1 fresh bay leaf, Salt and pepper, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 pounds roast turkey breast, 3 slices  inch thick from the deli counter, cut into bite sized cubes, 4 cups chicken stock, divided, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup apple cider], title: Traditional Supper Stuffing with Cider Gravy, picturelink: gOTDjv4QXiAx6EBdF2KHHwF3FUczSzC}, 3847: {instructions: Place eggs in large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring slowly to just under a boil. Then gently cook for 10 minutes. Carefully pour off the hot water and cover the eggs with ice water. Let stand for 15 minutes. Gently crack the eggs and peel under cold running water, starting from the large end. Cut the eggs in half lengthwise with a long thin knife. Remove the yolks and place in a medium bowl. Set the whites aside. Mash the yolks with a fork. Mix in the remaining ingredients, except paprika. If the filling is too thick, add a little more pickle juice or salad dressing. Spoon the filling into the hollowedout whites. Sprinkle with paprika., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, 23 cup mayonnaisestyle salad dressing or mayonnaise, 12 cup sweet pickle relish, squeezed of excess liquid, 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 to 12 teaspoon white pepper, 6 drops hot pepper sauce, Paprika, for garnish], title: Pollys Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 3848: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPatties: In a large bowl, gently but thoroughly combine all ingredients. Form into 4 equalsized thin patties roughly the size of the bread you will be using or in the case of the naan, 12 the bread size. Cover the patties with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nOnions: In a medium saute pan on medium heat melt the butter with the oil. Add the onion and season with a pinch of salt and a couple of grinds of pepper, to taste. Saute until the onions are caramelized, about 35 minutes, and set aside.nPreheat a griddle with 2 tablespoons of oil over mediumhigh heat. Griddle the patties on the on both sides until crispy on the edges and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and wipe the griddle. Assemble the sandwiches by layering each bread 12 with a slice of cheese, a patty, another slice of cheese, onions, and the other bread 12, in that order. Brush or add 2 more tablespoons of oil to the griddle and put the sandwiches on the griddle. Press on the sandwich with a spatula to help toast evenly and hold the sandwich together. Cook until the cheese is melted and the bread is toasted, about 2 minutes on each side. Serve immediately with ketchup, for dipping., ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken, 6 ounces fresh chorizo, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large or 2 regular Vidalia or sweet onions, halved and sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 flat bread, naan or pita, halved, 8 to 10 slices Jarlsberg or Swiss cheese, Ketchup, for dipping], title: Chicken Chorizo Patty Melt, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 3849: {instructions: Grind the oatmeal and pecan pieces in a food processor until they resemble cornmealreasonably fine but with some texture. Whisk the whole wheat flour, cornstarch, ginger, salt and baking soda together in a medium bowl. Whisk in the oatnut mixture.nIn another medium bowl, beat the butter with an electric mixer until smooth and light, about 1 minute. Gradually add the granulated and light brown sugar continue beating until evenly combined, about 3 minutes more. Add the vanilla and the egg.nMix in the dry ingredients to make a textured dough. Line a 1 12quart loaf pan or 3 mini loaf pans with plastic wrap and pack dough into the bottom half of the pan. Press to level off the dough. Lay a piece of plastic wrap on top and refrigerate until completely firm, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nRemove dough from the pan and unwrap. Slice dough in half lengthwise if using a large pan. Slice each log crosswise into 14inch thick cookies. Place the cookies about a 1inch apart on the prepared pans. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer cookies to a rack to cool and crisp. Serve.nStore cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup quick cooking oatmeal, 34 cup pecan halves, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup 1 12 sticks, 6 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg], title: Ginger Pecan Oatmeal Crisps, picturelink: RSn7oSn7ZogrzYhgclhxs2LFStHQmoW}, 3850: {instructions: Grate zucchini and place in tea towel and squeeze out the water. Mix flour, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Whisk eggs and add butter along with the water. Stir liquid ingredients into dry ingredients. Stir grated zucchini and cheese into batter. Adjust with more water if batter is too thick and adjust seasoning.nIn a large saute pan, heat a thin layer of olive oil. When almost smoking, spoon the batter into the pan to make pancakes. When lightly browned, flip. Continue until all the batter is used. Drain the pancakes on paper towels.nDivide the pancakes between each plate. Crumble some cheese on top and serve with roasted red peppers., ingredients: [2 cups shredded zucchini, 14 cup flour, Salt and pepper, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 eggs, 3 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, 12 cup water, Olive oil, for sauteing, 12 pound Cresenza recommended: Bellweather Farm, Roasted red peppers, as an accompaniment], title: Zucchini Pancakes with Cresenza and Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 3851: {instructions: Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a large saucepan and brown sausage for 5 or 10 minutes to allow the meat to firm up. Remove to a utility platter until cool enough to handle.nTo the same pan add onion, garlic and thyme leaves and saute until the onion becomes translucent. Stir in 8 cups water and 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar. Add carrots and lentils, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 30 minutes until the lentils begin to soften.nWhile the lentils are cooking, slice the sausage into 14inch slices. Add them to the pot of lentils and simmer until the meat is cooked through, about 15 more minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve drizzled with extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound reindeer sausage kielbasa can be substituted, 1 large onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, then minced, 3 large sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped from the stems, 8 cups water, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 3 large carrots, peeled and diced, 2 cups lentils, picked over to remove any stones or impurities and rinsed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Reindeer Wurst in Lentil Soup, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 3852: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nPlace the egg bread on a baking sheet, place under the broiler, and heat on both sides for 20 seconds just to warm through.nTop each slice of bread with 2 to 3 slices of turkey, ladle sauce over the top, and divide the Cheddar and Parmesan over the top of each slice. Place under the broiler and cook until bubbly and the top is golden brown. Remove from the oven and top each slice with 2 slices tomato and 2 slices of bacon. Sprinkle each slice with parsley and serve immediately, 2 openface sandwiches per person.n4 large eggsn14 cup milknSaltn8 12inch thick slices 1 dayold white bread, such as Pullman or Pain de mien4 tablespoons buttern4 tablespoons vegetable oilnWhisk together the eggs, milk, and salt in a medium bowl. Dip each slice of bread in the mixture and let sit about 30 seconds, or until completely soaked through.nHeat 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook 4 slices of the bread at a time until golden brown on both sides. Remove and place on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining butter, oil, and bread.n14 cup pure maple syrupn1 teaspoon Dijon mustardn2 tablespoons bourbonnSalt and freshly ground black peppern1 4 to 5pound turkey breastn2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softenednPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nWhisk together syrup, mustard, and bourbon in a small bowl and season with salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper. Set glaze aside.nRub entire turkey breast with butter and season with salt and pepper. Place in a small roasting pan and roast for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and continue roasting until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 155 degrees F, about 1 to 1 12 hours. During the last 15 minutes of roasting, brush the breast with the glaze. Remove from the oven, loosely tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.n2 tablespoons unsalted buttern2 tablespoons allpurpose flourn2 12 cups whole milkn34 cup grated sharp white Cheddarn14 cup grated ParmesannPinch freshly grated nutmegnSalt and freshly ground black peppernMelt butter over medium heat in a medium saucepan. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk, bring to a boil and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened and the flour has cooked out, about 4 to 5 minutes. Whisk in cheese and cook until melted. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Eggbattered Bread, recipe follows, MapleBourbon Roast Turkey Breast, recipe follows, sliced into 14inch thick slices, Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 8 14inch thick slices ripe tomato from 2 tomatoes, sauteed until lightly browned, 8 slices bacon, cooked until crisp, Finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Kentucky Hot Browns, picturelink: Gt7G.xTvD1WKVoyG1CdRz6J6oapom}, 3853: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, garlic paste and pepper to taste, and whisk in oil until emulsified. Add the remaining ingredients and salt to taste and toss to combine well. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes to allow bread to soak up some d, ingredients: [2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch salt, Pepper, to taste, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups 34inch cubes crusty bread, 1 pound vineripened red tomatoes, cut into 34inch wedges, 1 pound vineripened yellow tomatoes, cut into 34inch wedges, 12 cup nicoise or kalamata olives, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry and chopped fine, 2 tablespoons fresh marjoram leaves, chopped fine], title: Tomato Bread Salad with Herbs, picturelink: null}, 3854: {instructions: 1. Coarsely chop and mix together the rosemary, thyme, garlic and anchovy, if using. Sprinkle in the salt and mash into a slightly chunky paste using the flat part of the knife. Place in a small pot with the olive oil and warm over low heat until fragrant and sizzling, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.n2. Warm the vinegar, sugar, pepper flakes and zests in another small pot over low heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved and the vinegar is steaming, 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.n3. Transfer the oil and vinegar into separate small serving dishes and serve with assorted vegetables for dipping., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 1 anchovy fillet, optional, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup olive oil, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 strips lemon zest, 2 strips orange zest, Assorted vegetables for dipping, such as sugar snap peas, bell peppers, blanched asparagus, steamed artichokes], title: Crudite with Infused Olive Oil and Balsamic, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 3855: {instructions: In a saucepan cook onions in oil over moderate heat until tender. Stir in garlic, red pepper flakes and chile powder and cook for 1 minute. Add ketchup, beer, vinegar, water, brown sugar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, salt, black pepper, and Tabasco sauce, stirring to combine. Partially cover and simmer until slightly thickened about 15 to 20 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary, with Tabasco sauce. Remove sauce from heat and allow to cool completely. Sauce can be refrigerated for 2 to 3 weeks or frozen for up to 1 month., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chile powder or paprika, 1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup amber beer or ale, 14 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup water, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and ground black pepper, Tabasco sauce, optional or to taste], title: Classic Homemade Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3856: {instructions: In a food processor, combine honey, ketchup, ginger, and 5 chipotles with adobo sauce. Blend until smooth. Taste and add remaining chipotles, or more honey, if desired. If sauce is too thick, thin with a little water or apple juice. Pour half of the sauce over the pork and reserve the rest. Marinate for at least 4 and up to 24 hours.nPrepare a grill or grill pan. Grill the pork ribs until cooked to desired doneness. A little charring on the pork is desired. Remove pork from heat and slather with remaining sauce., ingredients: [1 cup honey, 2 cups ketchup, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 7ounce can chipotles in adobo sauce, 3 pounds country style pork ribs, bone in], title: HoneyChipotle Pork Ribs, picturelink: null}, 3857: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add pumpkin, egg and vanilla and mix well. Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Stir into butter mixture until well blended. Add nuts and raisins. Drop by teaspoonful onto parchment covered baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Bake about 15 minutes, or until golden. Cool.nIcing: Cream confectioners sugar and butter. Add remaining ingredients and beat until smooth. If icing is too thin, add more confectioners sugar if too thick, add more cream, orange juice or rum. Drizzle over cookies., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup cooked, pureed pumpkin fresh or canned, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 cup raisins, 2 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 14 cup butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 tablespoons whipping cream, fresh orange juice or rum], title: Iced Pumpkin Cookies, picturelink: null}, 3858: {instructions: Peel and quarter the sweet potatoes.nWash the leeks well, and drain. Remove any damaged outside peel, remove the hairy white tips from the end, and cut the leeks into 1inch slices. Leave 1 3inch section aside to be fried for the garnish. In a large pot, cook the leeks with the butter until soft. Do not brown. Add the stock or water.nAdd the sweet potatoes, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, and boil until cooked through, just softer than fork tender.nUsing an immersion blender, puree the ingredients until they are thoroughly blended. Add the grated ginger, and test for consistency. If too thick, add a bit more water. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt or pepper, as needed. Ladle the soup into warm bowls, and garnish with a mound of hot crispy matchstick potatoes and frizzled leeks.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes.nTo make matchstick fries: Peel and cut potatoes into matchstick slices. Rinse them under cold water in a strainer to remove the excess starch. Let drain well, and pat dry. Fry for 3 to 5 minutes submerged in canola oil, until they are a nice deep golden brown. Drain the potatoes on a paper towel or absorbent cloth. Sprinkle with salt and pepper while hot.nTo make frizzled leeks: Cut the 3inch piece of leek into matchstick slices similar to the potato. Place the potato starch in a small bowl, lightly dust the leek pieces in it to help prevent them from burning. Fry the strips of leek in the same hot oil used for the potatoes, until they are just golden, about 1 minutenAdd to the bowl of matchstick fries. Mix them together. Garnish in a little mound on top of the soup., ingredients: [3 large sweet potatoes about 2 pounds, 3 leeks, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger about 1 tablespoon peeled and grated, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Matchstick Fries and Frizzled Leeks, recipe follows, Canola oil, for frying, 2 large Yukon Gold or russet potatoes about 1 pound, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 3inch piece leek, julienned, 2 tablespoons potato starch], title: Sweet Potato Soup with Matchstick Fries and Frizzled Leeks, picturelink: 6LIZMXorxj7Ncp3432PYaz1uHkMIQn6}, 3859: {instructions: In soup pot, saute butter, garlic, and onion. Add chicken stock. Allow stock to reduce 25 percent. Add fucus, beach greens, bullwhip kelp, and sea lettuce. When soup resumes boiling add fresh mussels and noodles. Cook until mussels open. Serve in soup bowls with fresh bread., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small white onion, diced, 3 cups chicken stock See Cooks Note, 1 cup fucus sea vegetable, if available, 1 cup beach greens, 1 cup bullwhip kelp, 1 cup sea lettuce, 2 pounds cleaned mussels, 1 pound ramen noodles], title: Wild Plant and Mussel Soup, picturelink: null}, 3860: {instructions: In a large, heavybottomed 10quart stockpot, combine the olive oil, 3 halved garlic cloves, bouquet garni several bay leaves and sprigs of thyme wrapped with the green part of a leek and tied securely with cotton twine, and salt. Stir to coat with the oil and cook over moderate heat until the garlic is fragrant and soft, about 2 minutes. Add the fresh or prepared dried beans, and stir to coat. Cook for 1 minute more. Add the leeks, carrots, onions, potatoes, and quartered garlic cloves, and cook until softened over moderate heat, stirring regularly, for about 10 minutes. This will give a lovely color and rich flavor to the soup. Add the zucchini, tomatoes, tomato paste, green beans, 3 quarts cold water, and salt, to taste. Simmer gently, uncovered, until the navy and cranberry beans are tender, about 30 minutes cooking time will vary according to the freshness of the beans. Add additional water if the soup becomes too thick. Add the pasta, and stir frequently to keep the pasta from sticking to the bottom of the pot, simmering until the pasta is cooked, about 5 minutes more. Taste for seasoning. Remove, and discard the bouquet garni. Serve the soup very hot, passing the Pistou Sauce and cheese to swirl into the soup.nBy hand: Place the garlic and salt in a mortar, and mash with a pestle to form a paste. Add the basil, little by little, pounding and turning the pestle with a grinding motion to form a paste. Slowly add the oil, drop by drop, until all the oil has been used and the paste is homogenous. Add salt, to taste. Stir again before serving. In a food processor: Place the minced garlic, salt, and basil in the bowl of a food processor, and process to a paste. Add the oil and process again. Add salt, to taste. Stir again before serving. Transfer to a small bowl. Serve immediately. The sauce can be stored, covered and refrigerated, for 1 day, or frozen for up to 6 months. Bring to room temperature, and stir again before serving. Yield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and halved lengthwise and 10, Bouquet garni, Sea salt, 1 pound fresh small white navy beans in the pod, shelled, or 8 ounces dried small white beans, soaked in boiling water for 1 hour, 1 pound fresh cranberry beans in the pod, shelled, or 8 ounces dried cranberry beans, soaked in boiling water for 1 hour, 3 medium leeks, white and tender green parts only,, 8 medium carrots, scrubbed and cut into thin triangles, 2 medium onions, halved and cut into thin rings, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cubed, 12 ounces zucchini, cut into thin triangles, 12 ounces tomatoes, cored, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound green beans, trimmed at both ends and quartered, 1 cup very fine pasta, such as angel hair, broken into 1inch pieces or orzo, Pistou Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup 4 ounces freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup 4 ounces freshly grated imported Gruyere, 4 plump, fresh garlic cloves, peeled and minced, Fine sea salt, 2 cups loosely packed, fresh basil leaves and flowers, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Pistou Soup, picturelink: null}, 3861: {instructions: Put the ice cubes in a mixing glass. Add the gin, vodka, rum, tequila, Cointreau, lemon juice and sugar syrup. Stir well, then strain into a tall glass filled with ice cubes. Add enough Coca Cola to fill the glass, and decorate with the slice of lemon.nNote: To make sugar syrup, heat 1 cup sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan until the sugar dissolves., ingredients: [6 ice cubes, 12 jigger gin, 12 jigger vodka, 12 jigger white rum, 12 jigger tequila, 12 jigger Cointreau, 1 jigger fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon sugar syrup see note, Cola, Lemon slice, to decorate], title: Long Island Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 3862: {instructions: SALMON: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Sautee portabellas in olive oil for 34 minutes over medium heat until soft, then set aside. Place each salmon fillet on two sheets of phyllo and sprinkle lightly with salt. Divide portabella mix evenly on top of fillets and wrap sheets around each fillet to form packets. Bake packets for 2025 minutes until phyllo is lightly browned.nSAUCE: Add Pinot Noir to sauce pan and reduce over medium heat by half. Add stock, red pepper puree and thyme. Reduce by another third. Turn off heat, swirl in butter, add salt and pepper to taste and remove thyme. Reheat slowly to a simmer before serving.nTo Plate: Spoon warmed sauce evenly over packets and garnish with thyme or mint sprig., ingredients: [4 6 oz. fillets wild BC salmon, skinned and pinboned, 12 large portabella mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, 8 sheets phyllo pastry, 1 cup Pinot Noir, 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock, lightly salted or unsalted, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 large red pepper, roasted, peeled and pureed, 2 Tbs. butter, unsalted, salt and pepper to taste], title: Wild BC Salmon Packets with Pinot NoirRed Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3863: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, rosemary, lemon juice, garlic and lemon zest in a medium bowl until blended. Gradually whisk in the oil, salt and pepper.nFor the vegetables: Add enough cold water to a heavy large pot to reach a depth of 2 inches. Bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat and add the salt. Add the green beans, carrots and cauliflower. Cook until crisptender, 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the vegetables and place in a bowl to cool.nFor the seafood: Add the wine to the vegetable cooking water. Adjust the heat so the liquid is barely simmering. Add the cod and simmer until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the cod and set aside. Add the clams and shrimp to the pot. Cover and cook until all the clams have opened and the shrimp are cooked through and opaque in the center, 4 to 5 minutes. Discard any unopened clams. Remove the pot from the heat.nTo assemble the salad: Arrange the carrots, green beans and cauliflower on a large platter. Arrange the shrimp, clams and cod on top. Drizzle with half of the dressing. Arrange the lemon wedges and beets around the edge of the platternServe the cappon magro with toasted bread and the remaining dressing alongside., ingredients: [13 cup white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice about 12 a large lemon, 3 large cloves garlic, smashed, peeled and minced, Zest of 1 large lemon, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 ounces green beans, trimmed and halved crosswise, 6 medium carrots, peeled and sliced diagonally into 13inchthick ovals, One 1 34pound cauliflower, cut into florets about 4 cups, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 14 pounds cod fillets, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 1 14 pounds small clams, such as Manilla, scrubbed, 1 14 pounds extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, Twelve 13inchthick slices countrystyle bread such as Pan Rustique, toasted, 3 cooked beets, cut into 6 to 8 wedges, Lemon wedges], title: Christmas Seafood Salad Cappon Magro, picturelink: Lmjc9Cuy7.qD7zIwQ5lkH9GvlBUeGe6}, 3864: {instructions: Put all liquid ingredients and sugar in a tall stockpot and bring to a boil. Add pork and reduce heat. When boiling again, turn down to a simmer and skim off the scum. Add the rest of the remaining ingredients, except cabbage. Taste for seasoning it should be fairly sweet. If not, add more brown sugar. Remember that the taste of the braising liquid will ultimately be the taste of the pork, so make sure it tastes good Simmer slowly for 6 to 8 hours, or until pork is very soft. Carefully remove the pork, place it on a large platter and cover with foil to keep hot. Strain the liquid and reduce until a syrupy consistency is achieved, this will take 20 to 30 minutes. In the last 10 minutes of reducing, add the bok choy to cook until soft. Place bok choy around the pork and glaze pork with reduction. Serve with side of sambal oelek., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, 2 cups shaoxing wine, may substitute with 1 cup dry sherry, 4 cups thin soy sauce, 4 cups of water, make sure to cover pork, 12 to 15 pound pork shoulder, bonein, fat cap on, 2 boxes Chinese rock sugar or 2 cups brown sugar, 1 large ginger sliced, 1 head of garlic, sliced in half, 2 bunch scallions, 2 star anise, 2 Thai bird chilies, 2 cinnamon sticks, 8 bok choy, halved, cored and cleaned, 14 cup sambal oelek, as a condiment], title: Ming Tsai Red Roast Pork with Bok Choy Fondue Dad, picturelink: null}, 3865: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace clean salmon fillet on an ovenproof pan. Spread fresh herbs on top of fillet and season with salt and pepper. Pour olive oil all over the fish, add white wine and chicken broth. Bake in oven until fish is cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove salmon to a serving dish and reduce the sauce to desired consistency. Pour sauce over the fish and drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [1 8 ounce salmon fillet, 14 cup chopped assorted fresh herbs, Salt and pepper, 8 tablespoons fine quality extravirgin olive oil, plus more, for garnish, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken broth], title: Salmon Arturo, picturelink: null}, 3866: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Slowly add cornmeal to the boiling water, stirring constantly until thick and smooth. Add butter and salt and cool to lukewarm. Then add eggs and milk. Beat for 2 minutes, then pour into a greased casserole and bake for 35 minutes or until golden brown. Spoon out while piping hot and pass the butter, ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 cups boiling water, 5 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, wellbeaten, 1 cup milk], title: Mom Sampsons Spoonbread, picturelink: null}, 3867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with paper liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and two sugars on high speed until light and fluffy, approximately 5 minutes. Lower the speed to medium, add the eggs one at a time, then add the vanilla and mix well. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, sour cream and coffee. In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. On low speed, add the buttermilk mixture and the flour mixture alternately in thirds to the mixer bowl, beginning with the buttermilk mixture and ending with the flour mixture. Mix only until blended. Fold the batter with a rubber spatula to be sure its completely blended.nDivide the batter among the cupcake pans one rounded standard ice cream scoop per cup is the right amount. Bake in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes, remove from the pans and allow to cool completely before frosting.nFrost each cupcake with the peanut butter icing and sprinkle with chopped peanuts if desired.nPlace the confectioners sugar, peanut butter, butter, vanilla and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on mediumlow speed until creamy, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula as you work. Add the cream and beat on high speed until the mixture is light and smooth., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, shaken, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons brewed coffee, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup good cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Kathleens Peanut Butter Icing, recipe follows, Chopped salted peanuts, to decorate, optional, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Cupcakes and Peanut Butter Icing, picturelink: 5a4Xu3E1V14RNIVp5yzC8m2IeMM2bp2}, 3868: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet arrange bread slices in one layer and toast in middle of oven, turning them if necessary, until golden brown on both sides. Transfer bread to a rack to cool.nIn an 8inch square glass baking dish set inside a larger shallow baking dish arrange half of bread slices, overlapping slightly if necessary and trimming to fit, and top with half of unchilled fruit mixture. Layer remaining bread slices and unchilled fruit mixture in same manner. Cover surface of pudding with plastic wrap. Put another 8inch square glass or metal baking dish on top of plastic wrap and weight pudding evenly with about 6 pounds of weight such as cans of food. Chill pudding at least 8 hours and up to 1 day.nJust before serving, remove weights, baking dish, and plastic wrap from pudding, reserving juice that has spilled over into larger baking dish, and cut pudding into 6 portions. Transfer 4 portions with a spatula to plates and spoon reserved juices and chilled fruit mixture around them. Serve pudding with Sour Cream Mascarpone., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 5 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot, or to taste, 4 firmripe nectarines about 1 34 pounds, pitted and cut into 12inch wedges, 4 firmripe plums about 1 12 pounds, pitted and cut into 12inch wedges, 3 cups picked over blueberries, rinsed, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 4 to 8 12inchthick slices about 12 pound from loaf of brioche or challah, Accompaniment: Sour Cream Mascarpone], title: Gingered Brioche Summer Pudding with Sour Cream Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 3869: {instructions: MELT butter in medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in preserves, egg yolks, lemon juice and salt. Cook 6 to 8 minutes, stirring constantly just until it begins to thicken. Remove from heat. Cool to room temperature. Blend in whipped topping with an electric mixer at medium speed. Chill, covered, until ready to assemble crepes.nSPREAD 13 cup curd over each crepe. Cut each crepe in half. Fold crepe in half. Place each crepe on a dessert plate. Top with 2 or 3 peach slices. Serve with a scoop of ice cream drizzled with warm triple berry preserves. Garnish with almonds.nTO TOAST NUTS: Place nuts in dry skillet. Cook over medium heat, shaking pan until nuts are lightly browned. Remove from pan immediately to avoid overbrowning., ingredients: [em, Curd:, em, 13 cup unsalted butter, 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Coastal Valley Peach Apricot Preserves, or 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Mountain Strawberry Preserves, 4 large egg yolks, slightly beaten, 1 tsp. fresh lemon juice, 116 tsps. salt, 12 cup frozen extra creamy whipped topping, thawed, Crepe:, 1 28 oz. can sliced peaches, 6 9inch readytouse crepes, or 3 medium peaches, sliced, Vanilla ice cream with caramel swirl, 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwest Triple Berry Preserves, warmed, 13 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Peach Apricot Melba Crepes, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 3870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the butter and the chocolate over low heat in a heavy medium saucepan until the chocolate is almost melted. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk until the chocolate is fully melted and the mixture is smooth. Whisk in the sugar, then the eggs, one at a time. Stir in the flour and salt with a flexible rubber spatula. Stir in the nut pieces. Scrape the batter into the prepared Biscotti Crumb Crust. Press a ring of walnut halves, if using, into the batter around the top edge.nPlace the pie on a baking sheet and bake until the outer 2 to 3 inches are slightly puffed and dry looking and the center is set, 35 minutes. A wooden skewer inserted into the center should come out with some moist batter still attached. Cool the pie completely on a rack.nCut the pie into wedges and serve with ice cream or whipped cream, if using.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Blend the biscotti, butter and sugar in a food processor until the crumbs are moist and stick together when pressed. Firmly press the crumb mixture over the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch glass pie dish, building up a high rim. Bake the crust until golden and feels firm to the touch, 15 minutes. Cool the crust completely., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 14 cups packed dark brown sugar about 9 ounces, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup flour, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup walnut pieces, toasted, Biscotti Crumb Crust, recipe follows, Walnut halves, optional, Ice cream or sweetened whipped cream, optional, One 5.5ounce box biscotti about 8, coarsely broken, 12 stick unsalted butter, chilled and diced, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar], title: BrownieWalnut Pie, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 3871: {instructions: To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the oil, vinegar, garlic, dried and fresh oregano, thyme, and lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Pat the lamb dry and place it into a shallow platter. Season it well with salt and pepper. Pour 12 the vinaigrette over the lamb and let it marinate for at least 15 minutes or up to 2 hours.nHeat the grill or grill pan and oil it lightly. Remove the lamb from the marinade and grill for about 15 to 20 minutes per side for mediumrare. Adjust the time accordingly for other degrees of doneness. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes. Carve into thin slices.nToss the mache, mint leaves, and scallions in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dress the salad with about 3 tablespoons of the vinaigrette and mix well. Place the lamb onto a serving board. To serve, spread the Lemony Chickpea Puree over the lamb and put the greens on top of the puree.nDrain and rinse chickpeas and put them into a saucepan. Cover with cold water by 2 inches add the bay leaf and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer beans until tender, about 1 12 hours. Drain, reserving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Remove the bay leaf and discard.nPut cooked chickpeas into a food processor or blender. Add the olive oil, lemon juice and zest, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Process until smooth add some of the reserved cooking liquid to thin, if needed. Serve on top of the Grilled Marinated Lamb or put into a serving dish and garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and the parsley., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 3 12 pound boneless leg of lamb, butterflied, 1 bunch mache, 1 bunch mint, leaves only, 2 scallions, sliced thin, Lemony Chickpea Puree, recipe follows, 1 cup dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 3 lemons, zested and juiced, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Grilled Marinated Lamb with Mache and Mint, picturelink: null}, 3872: {instructions: Soak shrimp in salty cold water for 20 minutes and rinse thoroughly. Pat the shrimp dry with paper towels. Deepfry the shrimp at 375 degrees for only 20 seconds, then drain. While the shrimp are deepfrying, coat the wok with oil and saute the scallions, garlic and ginger. Add the fried shrimp then season with salt and pepper. Stirfry for 20 seconds and serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola oil to cook and deep fry, 1 12 pounds large U15 shrimps 15 per pound, deveined, shell on, 1 cup scallions cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup sliced garlic, 14 cup ginger, julienne, 12 tablespoon kosher salt or sea salt, 12 tablespoon ground pepper mix black, green, red and Szechwan], title: Salt and Pepper Shrimp Mom, picturelink: null}, 3873: {instructions: In a food processor, add chile paste, garlic, ginger, vinegar, sugar, soy and black pepper. Blend well than drizzle in the oils. While still running, add the scallions and cilantro. Check for seasoning. It should not be salty since salt is added right before grilling. Remove 12 cup of the marinade and reserve for sauce. In a dish, completely coat the hanger with remaining marinade and let marinate overnight. On a hot, oiled grill, season hanger with salt and grill, about 8 minutes for mediumrare.nFor the kimchee: In a large nonreactive pan, heat the vinegar, sugar and salt. When boiling, add the cucumbers, onions, garlic, chile flake, chiles and scallions. Bring back to a boil, pull off heat and let stand to room temperature. Store in a glass jar with a loosened lid at room temperature to ferment slightly. After 2 days at room temperature, store in refrigerator.nFor the fried rice: In a hot wok coated with canola oil, quickly scramble the eggs to soft stage. Set aside. In the same hot wok coated with oil, add garlic, ginger and scallions. Cook until soft then add rice, bean sprouts, soy and sesame oil. Season and add back the eggs. Heat thoroughly and check for seasoning.nPlating: On a large white plate, zigzag the sauce. Place small mound of rice and top with hanger steak sliced in half, on the bias. Place kimchee on top and garnish with sesame seeds, scallions and fried shallots.nGochuJan Korean Chile Paste Sauce:nMix all in a bowl., ingredients: [12 cup Korean chile bean paste gochujan, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 14 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup thin soy sauce, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 14 cup sesame seed oil, 1 cup chopped scallions, 13 cup chopped cilantro, 3 pounds hanger steak, sinew removed, Sliced green scallions, for garnish, Fried shallots, for garnish optional, 4 cups rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 English cucumbers hothouse, 18inch half moon slices, 2 large red onions, 18inch slices, 12 cup sliced garlic, 14 cup Korean chile flakes gochokaru, 4 halved Thai bird chiles, deseeded, 1 cup scallions, 12inch pieces, Canola oil to cook, 4 large whole eggs, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 6 cups cooked jasmin rice, cooled and broken up usually day old, 12 pound picked bean sprouts, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame seed oil, Salt and black pepper to taste, 12 cup of above marinade, 12 teaspoon of salt, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Grilled Marinated Hanger Steak BulgogiStyle, picturelink: null}, 3874: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPies:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 2 cookie sheets. Sift the flour, baking soda, and cocoa together in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the oil, vinegar, food coloring, and vanilla.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the sugar and eggs together in a large bowl until they turn pale and double in volume. Add the oil mixture and beat to combine. Add the flour mixture and buttermilk alternately in 5 small additions, starting and ending with the flour.nDrop the batter by teaspoons onto the baking sheets, allowing 1inch between drops, as the cookies will spread. Youll be making 48 cookies. Bake until the cookies are firm but not crisp, about 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer immediately to racks to cool.nFilling:nPut the flour into a medium saucepan and slowly add the milk, whisking until smooth. Set over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly with a whisk, until very thick, about 3 minutes. Remove the flour mixture from the heat and allow it to cool completely.nCream the sugar, butter, shortening, and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer. Add the cooled flour mixture and whip until fluffy. Spread some filling onto 1 cookie and top it with another to make a sandwich. Repeat with the remaining cookies and filling. Cover the filled whoopee pies with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cups canola oil, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 1ounce bottle red food coloring, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons butter 1 stick, softened, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening recommended: Crisco, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Cousin Jonnies Red Velvet Whoopee Pies, picturelink: 7F6ZOYZ8FfyisIbZot5RoRdR4nqqYS}, 3875: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the lower 13 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nPlace the pastry on the prepared baking sheets. Using the tines of a fork, prick the top of the pastry all over. Cover the pastry with parchment paper and place another baking sheet on top. Bake for 25 minutes until golden. Remove the top baking sheets and parchment paper. Set aside to cool.nPreheat a grill pan or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Season the chicken with salt and drizzle with olive oil. Grill until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Set aside to cool.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise and cayenne pepper.nTo assemble the Napoleons: Place 4 pieces pastry on a work surface. Slice each chicken breast diagonally into 6 14inch thick slices. Place 3 chicken breast slices on each piece of pastry. Place 14 cup of spinach and 1 avocado slice on top. Spread 1 teaspoon of the mayonnaise mixture on the underside of another 4 pieces of pastry to create the middle layer of each Napoleon. Place on top. Repeat the layering. Each Napoleon should be completed with a piece of pastry as its top.nArrange the Napoleons on a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 9 by 10inch sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed and cut into 12 3 by 5inch rectangles, 4 4ounce boneless and skinless chicken breast halves, Kosher salt, Olive oil, for drizzling, 3 tablespoons reduced fat mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 large avocado, thinly sliced into 8 pieces, 2 cups baby spinach leaves], title: Grilled Chicken and Avocado Napoleons, picturelink: JDBKukixir2aA8qYNiu5LcNTEDDIT2}, 3876: {instructions: For the squash: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the squash on a sheet tray, toss lightly with olive oil and toss in the oven. Roast the squash until a fork slides in and out easily, about 45 minutes. Remove the squash from the oven and let cool. Remove the skin and puree until smooth. Place 3 cups squash puree in a large mixing bowl, reserve the rest for another purpose.nFor the crust: In the bowl of a food processor combine all the flour, sugar, cinnamon, allspice, ginger, nutmeg and salt. Toss in the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like grated parmigiano. Add in the egg yolk and a few drops of the ice water. Pulse until the mixture starts to come together into a ball. Add a few more drops of water if the mixture still seems dry.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work board. Using the heels of your hand, schmear the dough straight forward and roll it back with your fingertips. Repeat this process two more times. Form the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nRemove the dough from the fridge and let warm up for 5 minutes. Roll the dough out into a large circle and lay in a deep pie dish. Trim the dough all the way around so there is only 12inch overhang. Fold the dough under and crimp the edges decoratively. Make sure the edges dont extend beyond the pie plate rim. Prick the dough all over with a fork. Lay aluminum foil over the dough to cover and fill the pie plate with baking beans.nPlace the pie plate on a sheet tray and bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and baking beans and bake for 5 more minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nReduce the heat in the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the filling: In a small bowl, beat the eggs until they are smooth. Beat in the cream. Add the creamegg mixture to the squash puree and beat to combine. Beat in the condensed milk, brown sugar, bourbon if using and vanilla. Beat until the mixture is well combined, 1 to 2 minutes.nPour the squash mixture into the prepared pie shell. Place on the sheet tray and place back into the oven for 25 minutes. Rotate the pie and bake until the mixture barely jiggles when shaken, another 20 to 25 minutes. If the crust starts to get too dark, place a pie shield ring on the pie to protect the edges from burning.nRemove the pie from the oven and let it cool for at least 1 hour before cutting.nWhip heavy cream with a pinch of cinnamon until stiff peaks, and top the pie as a garnish., ingredients: [1 small to medium kabocha squash, cut into sixths, seeds removed, Olive oil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for bench flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 grates fresh nutmeg, Pinch kosher salt, 1 12 sticks cold butter, cut into peasize pieces, 1 egg yolk, 2 to 3 teaspoons ice cold water, 4 large eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup bourbon, optional, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Heavy cream, for garnish, Pinch cinnamon, for garning], title: Kabocha Squash Pie with Spiced Crust, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 3877: {instructions: In a large pot, place peeled and diced sweet potatoes and fill with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook the potatoes until soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and cool potatoes. In a large bowl, combine the cooled potatoes, onion, red pepper, peas, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and serve cold., ingredients: [1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and diced, 12 Spanish onion, sliced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 1 12ounce can blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons diced jalapeno pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: null}, 3878: {instructions: Combine the sugar, milk, vanilla and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle or a large bowl if using a hand mixer. Beat until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nSwirl in the preserves using a spatula to make pretty streaks.nFrost the muffins and watch them turn into cupcakes, ingredients: [One 1pound box confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon peach preserves, or your favorite flavor, 12 blueberry muffins, or your favorite muffins], title: Quick Cupcakes with Peach Frosting, picturelink: 11H51jxExsZfLQSJHC1DPoiCxHHX.a}, 3879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBeat the confectioners sugar, peanut butter, melted butter, vanilla extract and salt with an electric mixer until well combined. Roll rounded teaspoons of the mixture into round balls and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nRoll the peanut butter balls in any or all of the possible truffle accompaniments. Chill until firm, about 20 minutes. These truffles are best served very chilled., ingredients: [2 12 cups softened confectioners sugar, 1 cup smooth peanut butter, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Possible truffle accompaniments:, Crushed chocolate wafer cookies, A variety of crushed nuts, such as peanuts or pistachios, Miniature chocolate chips, Colored sprinkles, Confectioners sugar, Crushed candycoated peanut butter candies, Desiccated coconut], title: Peanut Butter Truffles, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 3880: {instructions: Special equipment: a scorpion bowl and 6 straws, optional see Cooks NotenCombine the guava juice, pineapple juice, passionfruit juice, dark rum, white rum, gin, lemon juice, vodka and grenadine in a pitcher and stir. Pour into a scorpion bowl filled with ice and add the cherries and pineapple chunks. Add 6 straws. Pour the 151 rum into the shot well of the scorpion bowl and carefully light it on fire. Serve., ingredients: [8 ounces guava juice, 8 ounces pineapple juice, 4 ounces passionfruit juice, 4 ounces dark rum, 4 ounces white rum, 2 ounces gin, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 ounces vodka, 1 ounce grenadine or maraschino cherry syrup from jar, 3 cups crushed ice, 6 maraschino cherries, 6 pineapple chunks, 2 ounces 151 rum], title: Scorpion Bowl, picturelink: LxAJONm3YZKyGXPiqB1yyy9KMdUSWPe}, 3881: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Make the dressing: Puree the yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, chives, basil, and salt and pepper to taste in a blender. Transfer to a small bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the burgers: Form the beef into four 6ounce patties, about 34 inch thick press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 12inchdeep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil, then grill the patties, indentationside up, until marked on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until marked and slightly firm, about 3 more minutes for medium doneness. Remove the patties to a plate and let rest 5 minutes. Grill the buns, cut side down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nTop the bun bottoms with the lettuce, tomatoes, burger patties, alfalfa sprouts and avocado. Drizzle with the dressing, then cover with the bun tops., ingredients: [13 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 wholewheat seeded buns, split, Redleaf lettuce leaves, for topping, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced, Alfalfa sprouts, for topping, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and sliced], title: Garden Burgers, picturelink: X9MEArKznX5O3jh0KyuX.lPEGPBWp.2}, 3882: {instructions: Scrub potatoes and peel a ring around centers with a vegetable peeler. Boil 20 minutes. Drain and transfer to bowl. Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat, add the green onions, parsley, chives, salt, and pepper and cook 3 minutes. Add to potatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 green onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon snipped chives, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: Herbed Potatoes, picturelink: yI0o8KCHegXCervd.kF6BncQYucteK}, 3883: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat three 9inchroundcake pans with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mixes as directed divide the batter evenly among the pans and bake 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool.nMake the potato skin frosting: Beat the butter and milk with a mixer until smooth. Beat in the cocoa powder. Beat in the confectioners sugar, 1 cup at a time, until the mixture is as thick as cookie dough. Form into 2 disks, wrap in plastic and refrigerate.nLevel the domed tops of 2 cakes with a serrated knife. Stack the flat cakes on a cardboard circle with vanilla frosting between each use the remaining domed layer on top. Freeze 30 minutes.nTrim the cake into a potato shape with a small serrated knife reserve the trimmings. Cover the cake with a thin layer of vanilla frosting.nDust a sheet of parchment paper with cocoa powder. Remove 1 disk of chocolate frosting from the refrigerator and roll into a 5by10inch oval, dusting with more cocoa. Repeat with the other disk of frosting.nUse the parchment to press the frosting sheets against the cake as shown, leaving a few inches on top uncovered. Dust with more cocoa. Dont worry about how the bottom of the cake looksit will be covered with foil.nGently fold back the frosting on top. Crumble about 12 cup of the cake trimmings use the light inside pieces and sprinkle them on top of the cake.nUnwrap the candies and microwave until soft but not melted, about 12 seconds. Stack the candies, then flatten with your fingers. Set on top of the cake.nWhen ready to serve, snip the mint leaves on top of the cake. Carefully wrap the bottom half of the cake with a large sheet of foil.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 16to18ounce boxes white cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon milk, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, 3 to 4 cups confectioners sugar, 2 16ounce tubs vanilla frosting, 3 yellow Starburst candies, 2 fresh mint leaves], title: Baked Potato Cake, picturelink: DFyyg1hVMJ2APJS1fmgK3LDVPW2GynC}, 3884: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSet a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add a 3count of olive oil and gently brown the meatballs. Meanwhile, with a mortar and pestle, grind the salt, black peppercorns and fennel seeds with some olive oil into a grainy paste. Rub the ribs and shoulder with the mixture.nRemove the meatballs with a slotted spoon and set aside on a paper towellined plate to drain. In the same pot, brown the shoulder pieces and ribs, in batches. Alternately to save time, roast the ribs in a preheated 500 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes while you brown the shoulder pieces in the pot.nRemove the shoulder pieces and ribs to the meatball plate and let rest.nAdd a little more olive oil to the pot and add the thyme, oregano, carrots, onion and celery. Stir it around and scrape up the bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Cook the vegetables until they are slightly softened and have some nice color. Add the wine, tomatoes and tomato paste and mix well, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom. Nestle the pork shoulder pieces back into the middle of the pot then arrange the ribs around the sauce. Finish by placing the meatballs in the gaps some of the pieces will be sticking out from the sauce but thats perfectly fine as it will roast and caramelize. Use a spoon to baste everything well, cover, then put the pot into the oven and roast until the pork is tender and the meat is just falling off the rib bones, about 1 to 1 12 hours.nFor the topping: Combine the chopped raisins, toasted pine nuts and parsley in a small bowl.nUse a slotted spoon to remove the meatballs and ribs to a large platter. Remove the pork shoulder pieces from the pot and allow to rest for 10 minutes before slicing into bitesize pieces and adding them to the platter. Puree the sauce in a food processor then add it back to the pot and set over medium heat. Reduce the sauce until it is rich and thick, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, if needed. When the spaghetti is cooked, drain and add to a medium bowl. Spoon a little sauce over the spaghetti and the remaining sauce over the platter of meat. Garnish the meat platter with the raisin mixture and serve.nHeat 3 tablespoons oil in an ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and parsley and cook until the vegetables are soft but not colored, about 10 minutes. Take the pan off the heat and let the mixture cool.nAdd the bread to a medium bowl and pour in the milk. Let the bread soak while the onions are cooling. Combine the meats in a large bowl. Add the egg and cheese and season generously with salt and pepper. Use your hands to squeeze the excess milk out of the bread and add it to the bowl along with the cooled onion mixture. Gently combine all the ingredients with your hands until just mixed together. Dont overwork the mixture or the meatballs will be tough. Divide the mixture into 8 equal pieces and shape them into 8 nice looking meatballs. Refrigerate until ready to cook., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 8 Ultimate Meatballs, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, plus freshly ground black pepper for seasoning, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 rack 8 pork spare ribs, cut into 2 to 3rib pieces, 1 2 pound boneless pork shoulder, cut into 2 pieces so it cooks at the same time as the ribsmeatballs, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 4 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped, 2 cups dry red wine, 3 28ounce cans tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 pounds spaghetti, cooked al dente in salted water, 1 cup roughly chopped raisins, 1 cup toasted pine nuts, roughly chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 small to medium onion, chopped, 2 small garlic cloves, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 thick slices firm white bread, crust removed, cut into cubes about 2 cups, 34 cup milk, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 1 large egg, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Neapolitan Ragu, picturelink: u5k78RJPbCojVV04wuTdJzMRhCyvLgO}, 3885: {instructions: Pipe 3 thin lines of chocolate across the cupcake with stem ends touching. Arrange the nonpareils on the stems. Cut the fish into 2 leaves, and arrange at the base of the stems., ingredients: [Melted dark chocolate or brown piping gel, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 6 small black and white nonpareils, 1 green chewy fishshaped candy or domed green jelly candy], title: Nonpareil Flowers, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 3886: {instructions: Combine the mushrooms, onion, cauliflower, thyme leaves, crushed red pepper, vinegar, and salt in a bowl. Toss well to combine, cover, and let sit at room temperature at least 1 hour, stirring once or twice. This will sort of cook the veggies and lightly pickle them.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a sheet tray lined with a silicone mat or parchment paper, make 4 flat circles of Parmigiano. Bake the Parmigiano disks until the cheese looks golden and lacy, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the cheese rounds from the oven and let cool for 1 to 2 minutes, and then loosen them from the tray. Reserve.nDivide the braesola between 4 serving plates. Toss the mushroom mixture with the arugula and a drizzle of big fat finishing oil. Taste to make sure the mix is delicious. Arrange a pile of the veggie mix on top of the braesola on each plate. Crumble a Parmigiano disk on each plate., ingredients: [6 cremini mushrooms, stems removed and thinly sliced, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 head cauliflower, thinly sliced on a mandolin, 3 fresh thyme springs, leaves picked, Pinch crushed red pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 1 cup coarsely grated Parmigiano, 12 pound braesola, thinly sliced, 2 12 cups baby arugula, Big fat finishing oil], title: Braesola and Lightly Pickled Mushroom and Cauliflower Salad with Crispy Parmigiano, picturelink: zAG95beVxXDK8sfPfwgZJY91IjnoHhm}, 3887: {instructions: Mushroom Scallion Sauce: Melt butter in a large saute pan. Saute mushrooms and scallions for about 3 minutes. Stir in wine and heavy cream. Season with garlic powder, cayenne, salt, and pepper. Stir until sauce thickens slightly. Keep warm until ready to serve.nGrits: Bring milk to a boil. Gradually whisk in grits, butter, salt, and pepper. Stir constantly for about 3 to 5 minutes until grits thicken to desired consistency. Keep warm until ready to serve.nGrilled Broccoli and Carrots: Heat grill to medium. Toss broccoli and carrots in olive oil and season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Grill vegetables for about 6 minutes or until tender, turning them once halfway through. If room allows, grill tilapia at same time.nTilapia: Heat grill to medium. Rinse and dry fillets and then rub with jerk seasoning. Grill tilapia for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from heat.nPlate entree by spooning grits on center of plate. Lay tilapia on top of grits. Lay the carrot slices on top of fish in a crisscross manner and place broccoli stalk on the side of fish. Top with mushroom scallion sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups sliced baby portobello mushrooms cremini, 12 cup sliced scallions, 14 cup white wine, 12 pint heavy cream, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and black pepper, 5 cups milk, 1 cup quickcooking grits, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 large bunch broccoli, sliced lengthwise with stalks and florets intact, 1 bunch whole carrots, tops removed, sliced lengthwise, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and pepper, 6 6ounce tilapia fillets, 13 cup Jamaican jerk seasoning marinade], title: Spicy Grilled Tilapia with Creamy Grits and Mushroom Scallion Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3888: {instructions: In a shallow baking dish, mix together the kosher salt, sugar, cilantro, and lemon slices to make the cure. Rub the cure into the trout fillets, and cure in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nPrepare a hot smoker.nSmoke the trout with serrano peppers until the fish is cooked through, but not overcooked. Remove from the smoker and allow to cool.nPeel the smoked peppers and remove seeds. Place the smoked pepper in a blender or food processor and puree. Add the vinegar, olive oil, mango, garlic, black pepper, salt, and tomato. Puree until smooth.nPlace the trout on a platter and sprinkle with peanuts. Drizzle a generous amount of the vinaigrette over the trout., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon chopped cilantro, 3 lemon slices, 12 ounces trout fillets, 3 serrano peppers, 1 ounce rice vinegar, 12 ounce olive oil, 12 mango, peeled and chopped, 12 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Salt, 4 ounces tomato, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped roasted peanuts], title: Smoked Trout, picturelink: null}, 3889: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the water into a large 6 to 8 quart stockpot along with salt, sugar, saltpeter, cinnamon stick, mustard seeds, peppercorns, cloves, allspice, juniper berries, bay leaves and ginger. Cook over high heat until the salt and sugar have dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the ice. Stir until the ice has melted. If necessary, place the brine into the refrigerator until it reaches a temperature of 45 degrees F. Once it has cooled, place the brisket in a 2gallon zip top bag and add the brine. Seal and lay flat inside a container, cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 days. Check daily to make sure the beef is completely submerged and stir the brine.nAfter 10 days, remove from the brine and rinse well under cool water. Place the brisket into a pot just large enough to hold the meat, add the onion, carrot and celery and cover with water by 1inch. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and gently simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Remove from the pot and thinly slice across the grain., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons saltpeter, 1 cinnamon stick, broken into several pieces, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 8 whole cloves, 8 whole allspice berries, 12 whole juniper berries, 2 bay leaves, crumbled, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 pounds ice, 1 4 to 5 pound beef brisket, trimmed, 1 small onion, quartered, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped], title: Corned Beef, picturelink: qYCxCzybYW38ul9Ok3t7k3YGfIdrvu}, 3890: {instructions: In a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, heat 1 tablespoon oil until hot but not smoking. Cook the shallot, stirring occasionally, until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool.nIn a medium bowl, combine the turkey, fennel and red pepper flakes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and mix well. Using moist hands, form the turkey into 2inch patties, making 12 total.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, heat 12 tablespoon oil until hot but not smoking. Working in 2 batches, cook 6 patties until golden brown, turning once, 6 to 8 minutes total. Repeat with the remaining patties. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlic olive oil, divided, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 1 pound ground dark meat turkey, 1 12 teaspoons ground fennel, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Fennel Sausage Patties, picturelink: tbCug9SesvE5SALjans7Uj0UYDeJxV2}, 3891: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 4 minutes. Remove the chorizo to a plate with a slotted spoon. Transfer all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings to a small bowl stir the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil into the bowl reserve the skillet. Divide the tortillas between 2 baking sheets and brush the tops with the drippings mixture. Bake until the tortillas are crisp and lightly golden, about 5 minutes.nHeat the skillet with the reserved 1 tablespoon drippings over mediumhigh heat. Add the refried beans and cook, stirring, until warm and spreadable, about 2 minutes. Spread the beans over the tortillas and sprinkle with the chorizo and cheese. Bake until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the lettuce, cilantro, radishes, jalapeu00f1o and lime juice in a large bowl season with salt and toss. Top each tortilla with the salad, avocado and crema.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces fresh chorizo, casings removed, crumbled, 4 8inch flour tortillas, 1 16ounce can refried beans, 1 cup shredded Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese about 4 ounces, 3 ounces mu00e2che lettuce or arugula, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 3 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, sliced remove seeds for less heat Juice of 1 lime Kosher salt, 1 avocado, diced, 13 cup Mexican crema or sour cream], title: Mexican Tortilla Pizzas with Chorizo, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 3892: {instructions: Combine first 5 ingredients in a bowl with whisk or fork.nPat chops dry with paper towels and rub with seasoning. Turn chops in marinade and let stand 15 minutes.nSeason chops with steak seasoning.nGrill chops on indoor electric grill preheated to high for 6 to 7 minutes on each side, or pan fry over medium high heat for same time under a loose tin foil tent in a nonstick skillet.nServe chops with Sundried Tomatoes and Potatoes and Orange and Oregano Salad.nSimmer the chopped sundried tomatoes and quartered potatoes 10 minutes in just enough water to cover.nDuring the last 3 minutes of the cooking time on the potatoes, add the broccoli florets. Drain and return plumped tomatoes and cooked potatoes to the warm pan to dry out. Dress tomatopotato combo with parsley, oil, salt, and pepper.nYield: 4 servings Preparation time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 10 minutesnRemove skin and pith from oranges. Slice oranges in 14inch thick disks. Arrange orange slices on a serving plate and sprinkle with the oregano, onions, and dress with the extravirgin olive oil, red wine vinegar, salt, and pepper. Serve.nYield: 4 servings Preparation time: 5 to 8 minutes, ingredients: [14 cup a couple of glugs dark molasses, 3 tablespoons 3 splashes balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons 3 turns around the bowl in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped to equal 2 tablespoons, 1 navel orange, zested, 4 1inch thick boneless, center cut pork chops, Montreal Steak Seasoning, Coarse salt and pepper, Sundried Tomatoes and Potatoes, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, Orange and Oregano Salad, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 2 ounces 1 cup loosely packed sundried tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 12 pounds red skinned very small potatoes, quartered, 34 pound broccoli, cut in to florets, A handful of parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 large navel oranges, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves striped and chopped about 2 tablespoons, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, A generous drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Citrus and Rosemary Grilled Pork, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 3893: {instructions: To make the Raspberry Pound Cake:nSet an oven rack in the lower 13 of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9 by 5 by3inch loaf pan.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, orange zest, cinnamon, and salt. Whisk to combine. In a separate bowl, using an electric mixer, cream together the sugar and butter until blended, about 30 seconds. With the machine running, add the eggs 1 at a time. Add the vanilla extract. Add the dry ingredients, a small amount at a time, until just incorporated. Using a rubber spatula, fold the drained raspberries evenly into the batter.nPour the mixture into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 55 to 60 minutes. Let the cake cool in the pan for 10 minutes then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Cake may deflate in the center during coolingnTo make the Vin Santo Cream:nIn a large bowl, beat the cream until it holds soft peaks.nAdd the vanilla extract, powdered sugar, and Vin Santo. Continue to beat mixture until cream holds stiff peaks.nTransfer the pound cake to a serving platter. Slice and serve with the Vin Santo Cream., ingredients: [Pound cake, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the loaf pan, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons orange zest from 1 medium orange, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cups sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing loaf pan, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 10ounce bag sweetened, frozen raspberries, thawed and drained, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons Vin Santo wine or Moscato wine], title: Raspberry Pound Cake with Vin Santo Cream, picturelink: ELPzgNyLZThHibUHoRZpZuH00Cl.oCC}, 3894: {instructions: Place the duck legs in a shallow roasting pan, generously sprinkle with salt mixture recipe follows and pour over enough duck fat to cover. Cook in a preheated 275 degree oven for about 212 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Remove the legs from the fat to cool. Strain the fat and save for other uses it will last a couple of weeks in the refrigerator.nSlice the Italian bread into 12inch thick slices. Sprinkle with some extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Toast in a 300 degree oven until golden.nPut all of the ingredients except the mascarpone cheese in a heavybottom saucepan over low heat and cook until most of the liquid is evaporated. Stir occasionally. Season to taste with salt and peppernTo serve, place fig chutney on a slice of the toasted Italian bread and top with a dollop of the mascarpone cheese. Serve the duck on the side. Or you might remove the bone from the leg, trying to keep the meat intact and serve it on top of the chutney. The duck legs will remain crisp if you prepare them the same day you will be serving them and keep them at room temperature for up to 3 hours., ingredients: [8 duck legs, Salt mixture, 6 cups duck fat, 1 loaf crusty Italian bread, SALT MIXTURE:, 1 cup salt, 1 teaspoon crushed bay leaves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, FIG CHUTNEY:, 20 fresh figs, cut in 12, 1 12 cups red wine, 1 cup water, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 tablespoons mascarpone cheese optional, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Duck Confit on Country Toast with Fig Chutney, picturelink: null}, 3895: {instructions: Prepare the sauce: mix together the hoisin sauce, chili sauce, shaohsing, soy sauce, fish sauce, chili paste with garlic, sugar, MSG if desired, sesame oil, hot chili oil, and 12 teaspoon of the peanut oil. Reserve. Add the remaining 14 cup of peanut oil to a large, very hot wok over very high heat and heat until the oil is smoking. Salt the cut lobster pieces lightly and add them to the hot wok. Sear the cut surfaces until the lobster is just about cooked, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the lobster pieces and place them on a platter or, place them on paper towels to drain some of the oil. To the oil remaining in the wok, add the ginger, scallions, garlic, and dried chilies. Stirfry for 1 minute. Add the lobster pieces, and toss to blend well. Add the reserved sauce, and toss to blend well. Turn the mixture out onto a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 teaspoons shaohsing rice wine, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon chili paste with garlic, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon MSG optional, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, 14 cup plus 12 teaspoon peanut oil, 2 live lobsters each about 1 14 pounds, each cut into 8 serving pieces, Salt to taste, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh ginger, 12 cup minced scallions about 4 thick scallions, white and green parts, 3 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 3 dried red chilies], title: StirFried Szechuan Lobster with Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3896: {instructions: To prepare pears, place 6 cups of the cold water in a bowl. Squeeze the juice from 12 lemon into the bowl and add the lemon too. Core the pears from the bottom and peel, leaving the stems intact. As you peel each pear, place it in the bowl to prevent it from discoloring. Also place the cores and small pieces in the bowl. After the pears are peeled, wrap the cores and small pieces in the cheesecloth, folded double, and tie tightly with string. Place the remaining 7 cups of cold water and the honey in a pot and stir to dissolve the honey. Add the tangerine peel, raisins, lemon balm and cheesecloth bundle, together with the pears. Cover the pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and poach the pears at a low boil for 1 12 hours, leaving the lid ajar. Touch the pears with the tip of a chopstick. A properly poached pear should give a little the pears should be soft and have taken on a light beige color. Turn off the heat. Remove the lemon balm, tangerine peel, and cheesecloth bundle from the pot and discard. Transfer each pear to an individual soup plate, sitting it upright, stem up. Divide the sweet soup equally among the plates. There should be about 4 12 cups of soup. Divide the raisins equally as well. Garnish each pear by inserting a sprig of mint into it at the stem and serve., ingredients: [13 cups cold water, 12 lemon, 4 6ounce firm Bosc pears, 1 10 by 20inch piece cheesecloth, 5 tablespoons honey, 2 pieces dried tangerine peel, 1 by 2 inches, soaked in hot water for 20 minutes, until softened, 12 cup raisins, 18 sprigs lemon balm 1 to 2 bunches, about 7 inches long, 4 sprigs fresh mint], title: Poached Pears with Honey, Lemon Balm and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 3897: {instructions: To make the sauce: Place the mayonnaise, sour cream, basil, scallion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a food processor and puree until creamy and pale green. Transfer to a small bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until you are ready to use it.nTo make the burgers: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumhigh. Divide the ground beef into 4 equal pieces and gently form into patties. Use your thumb to make a small indentation in the middle of each burger this is so the burger grills flat and doesnt contract and puff up on the grill. Brush both sides of the burgers with the oil and then season with salt and pepper.nPlace the burgers on the grill and cook until they have grill marks, about 4 minutes. Flip the burgers, cook 2 minutes longer, and then top each with about 1 tablespoon of the mozzarella. Cook the burgers 2 more minutes for mediumrare doneness and remove from the grill. Place the buns on the grill, cut side down, and lightly toast, 30 seconds to 1 minute.nSet a burger on each bottom bun half. Top with a salted tomato slice. Spread 1 tablespoon of the garlicherb sauce on the top bun half, sprinkle with Parmesan, cover the burger, and serve with more sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [For the sauce:, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil or chives, parsley, mint, 1 scallion white and green parts, trimmed and roughly chopped, 1 garlic clove, quartered, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, For the burgers:, 1 14 pounds 80 lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 4 hamburger buns, 1 tomato, cored, thinly sliced, and lightly salted, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: Grilled TwoCheese Burgers with Garlic Dressing, picturelink: jtrlB4T3r9HTSHnS6Pj6v8IrOl9F2}, 3898: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, peppercorns and shallots in a jar. Keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 cups red wine vinegar 1 liter, 2 tablespoons30ml black peppercorns, crushed, 4 shallots, minced], title: Mignonette Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3899: {instructions: Grate 14 teaspoon zest from the grapefruit and set aside. Trim the ends from the grapefruit, then cut away the peel and white pith. Working over a bowl, cut along both sides of each membrane with a paring knife to remove the segments. Discard any seeds. Cut the grapefruit segments into pieces. Squeeze the juice from the membranes into the bowl.nMake the dressing: Whisk the sour cream, 2 tablespoons of the grapefruit juice, the grapefruit zest, scallions, 2 tablespoons water and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl.nToss the watercress, endive, lettuce, celery and onion in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat. Divide the salad among shallow bowls. Top with the reserved grapefruit segments and the smoked trout.nPer serving: Calories 225 Fat 9 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 101 mg Sodium 309 mg Carbohydrate 16 g Fiber 4 g Protein 20 gn, ingredients: [1 large pink or red grapefruit, 12 cup sour cream, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed, 2 heads endive, thinly sliced crosswise, 1 head Bibb lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 4 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 pound smoked trout, skin discarded and fish flaked], title: Smoked Trout and Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: null}}